<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1497770_0001558370-23-001872.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23085445</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>433955</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2543558</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9273462</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3313974</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6862809</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001872.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223150107
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001872
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Walker & Dunlop, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001497770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35000
		FILM NUMBER:		23659100

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 215-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001872.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 wd-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately billion as of the end of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter (based on the closing price for the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022). The Registrant has no non-voting common equity. As of January 31, 2023, there were total shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Proxy Statement of Walker Dunlop, Inc. with respect to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on or prior to May 1, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX Page PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 23 Item 6. [Reserved] 25 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 54 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 54 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 54 Item 9B. Other Information 54 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 54 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 54 Item 11. Executive Compensation 55 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 55 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 55 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 55 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 55 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 61 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Walker Dunlop, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company, Walker Dunlop, we, or us ), may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, projections, plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, or potential or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans, or intentions. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that may cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed or contemplated in any forward-looking statement. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward looking: the future of the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac, and together with Fannie Mae, the GSEs ), including their existence, relationship to the U.S. federal government, origination capacities, and their impact on our business; changes to and trends in the interest rate environment and its impact on our business; our growth strategy; our projected financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations; our ability to obtain and maintain warehouse and other loan-funding arrangements; our ability to make future dividend payments or repurchase shares of our common stock; availability of and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and our ability to develop and retain relationships with borrowers, key principals, and lenders; degree and nature of our competition; changes in governmental regulations, policies, and programs, tax laws and rates, and similar matters and the impact of such regulations, policies, and actions; our ability to comply with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to us, including additional regulatory requirements for broker-dealer and other financial services firms; trends in the commercial real estate finance market, commercial real estate values, the credit and capital markets, or the general economy, including demand for multifamily housing and rent growth; and general volatility of the capital markets and the market price of our common stock. 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good-faith projections, assumptions, and expectations, they are not guarantees of future results. Furthermore, we disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes, except as required by applicable law. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed or contemplated in any forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1. Busines s General We are a leading commercial real estate (i) services, (ii) finance, and (iii) technology company in the United States. Through investments in people, brand, and technology, we have built a diversified suite of commercial real estate services to meet the needs of our customers. Our services include (i) multifamily lending, property sales, appraisal, valuation, and research, (ii) commercial real estate debt brokerage and advisory services, (iii) investment management, and (iv) affordable housing lending, tax credit syndication, development, and investment. We leverage our technological resources and investments to (i) provide an enhanced experience for our customers, (ii) identify refinancing and other financial and investment opportunities for new and existing customers, and (iii) drive efficiencies in our internal processes. We believe our people, brand, and technology provide us with a competitive advantage, as evidenced by new loans to us representing 62 of refinancing volumes and 24 of total transaction volumes coming from new customers for the year ended December 31, 2022. We are one of the largest lenders to multifamily operators in the country. We originate, sell, and service a range of multifamily and other commercial real estate financing products, including loans through the programs of the GSEs, and the Federal Housing Administration, a division of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (together with Ginnie Mae, HUD (collectively, the Agencies ). We retain servicing rights and asset management responsibilities on substantially all loans that we originate for the Agencies programs. We broker, and occasionally service, loans to commercial real estate operators for many life insurance companies, commercial banks, and other institutional investors, in which cases we do not fund the loan but rather act as a loan broker. We provide multifamily property sales brokerage and appraisal and valuation services and engage in commercial real estate investment management activities, including a focus on the affordable housing sector through low-income housing tax credit LIHTC syndication. We engage in the development and preservation of affordable housing projects through joint ventures with real estate developers and the management of funds focused on affordable housing. We provide housing market research and real estate-related investment banking and advisory services, which provide our clients and us with market insight into many areas of the housing market. Our clients are owners and developers of multifamily properties and other commercial real estate assets across the country. We also underwrite, service, and asset-manage shorter-term loans on commercial real estate. Most of these shorter-term loans are closed through a joint venture or through separate accounts managed by our investment management subsidiary, Walker Dunlop Investment Partners, Inc. WDIP ). Some of these shorter-term loans are closed and retained on our balance sheet through our Interim Loan Program (as defined below in Principal Lending and Investing ). We are a leader in commercial real estate technology through development and acquisition of technology resources that (i) provide innovative solutions and a better experience for our customers and (ii) allow us to drive efficiencies across our internal processes. On February 28, 2022, we acquired GeoPhy B.V. GeoPhy ), a leading commercial real estate technology company based in the Netherlands. We plan to use GeoPhy s data analytics and technology development capabilities to further enhance our technology investments and efficiencies, with a specific focus on accelerating the growth of our small-balance lending business and our appraisal and valuation platform, Apprise. Walker Dunlop, Inc. is a holding company. We conduct the majority of our operations through Walker Dunlop, LLC, our operating company. Segments In the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the Company s growth and recent acquisitions, our executive leadership team, which functions as our chief operating decision making body, began making decisions and assessing performance based on the following three reportable segments: (i) Capital Markets CM ), (ii) Servicing Asset Management SAM ), and (iii) Corporate. The reportable segments are determined based on the product or service provided and reflect the manner in which management is currently evaluating the Company s financial information. The segments and related services are described in the following paragraphs. Capital Markets Capital Markets provides a comprehensive range of commercial real estate finance products to our customers, including Agency lending, debt brokerage, property sales, appraisal and valuation services, and real estate-related investment banking and advisory services, including housing market research. Our long-established relationships with the Agencies and institutional investors enable us to offer a broad range of loan products and services to our customers. We provide property sales services to owners and developers of multifamily properties and commercial real estate and multifamily property appraisals for various investors. Additionally, we earn subscription fees for our housing related research. The primary services within CM are described below. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Agency Lending Fannie Mae We are one of 24 approved lenders that participate in Fannie Mae s DUS program for multifamily, manufactured housing communities, student housing, affordable housing, and certain seniors housing properties. Under the Fannie Mae DUS program, Fannie Mae has delegated to us responsibility for ensuring that the loans we originate under the program satisfy the underwriting and other eligibility requirements established by Fannie Mae. In exchange for this delegation of authority, we share risk for a portion of the losses that may result from a borrower's default. For loans originated pursuant to the Fannie Mae DUS program, we generally are required to share the risk of loss, with our maximum loss capped at 20 of the loan amount at origination, except for rare instances when we negotiate a cap that may be higher or lower for loans with unique attributes. For more information regarding our risk-sharing agreements with Fannie Mae, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Quality and Allowance for Risk-Sharing Obligations below. Most of the Fannie Mae loans that we originate are sold in the form of a Fannie Mae-guaranteed security to third-party investors. Fannie Mae contracts us to service and asset-manage all loans that we originate under the Fannie Mae DUS program. We use several techniques to manage our Fannie Mae risk-sharing exposure. These techniques include an underwriting and approval process that is independent of the loan originator; evaluating and modifying our underwriting criteria given the underlying multifamily housing market fundamentals; limiting our geographic, borrower, and key principal exposures; and using modified risk-sharing under the Fannie Mae DUS program. Similar techniques are used to manage our exposure to credit loss on loans originated under the Interim Program. Our underwriting process begins with a review of suitability for our investors and a detailed review of the borrower, key principal(s), and the property. We review the borrower's financial statements for minimum net worth and liquidity requirements and obtain credit and criminal background checks. We also review the borrower's and key principal(s) s operating track records, including evaluating the performance of other properties owned by the borrower and key principal(s). We also consider the borrower's and key principal(s) s bankruptcy and foreclosure history. We believe that lending to borrowers and key principals with proven track records as operators mitigates our credit risk. We review the fundamental value and credit profile of the underlying property, including an analysis of regional economic trends, appraisals of the property, site visits, and reviews of historical and prospective financials. Third-party vendors are engaged for appraisals, engineering reports, environmental reports, flood certification reports, zoning reports, and credit reports. We utilize a list of approved third-party vendors for these reports. Each report is reviewed by our underwriting team for accuracy, quality, and comprehensiveness. All third-party vendors are reviewed periodically for the quality of their work and are removed from our list of approved vendors if the quality or timeliness of the reports is below our standards. This is particularly true for engineering and environmental reports on which we rely to make decisions regarding ongoing replacement reserves and environmental matters. Freddie Mac We are one of 22 lenders approved as a Freddie Mac lender, where we originate and sell to Freddie Mac multifamily, manufactured housing communities, student housing, affordable housing, seniors housing loans and small balance loans that satisfy Freddie Mac s underwriting and other eligibility requirements. Under Freddie Mac s programs, including Freddie Mac Optigo , we submit our completed loan underwriting package to Freddie Mac and obtain its commitment to purchase the loan at a specified price after closing. Freddie Mac ultimately performs its own underwriting of loans that we sell to it. Freddie Mac may choose to hold, sell, or later securitize such loans. We very rarely have any risk-sharing arrangements on loans we sell to Freddie Mac under its program. Freddie Mac contracts us to service and asset-manage all loans that we originate under its program. HUD and Ginnie Mae As an approved HUD MAP and HUD LEAN lender and Ginnie Mae issuer, we provide construction and permanent loans to developers and owners of multifamily housing, affordable housing, seniors housing, and healthcare facilities. We submit our completed loan underwriting package to HUD and obtain HUD's approval to originate the loan. We service and asset-manage all loans originated through HUD s various programs. HUD-insured loans are typically placed in single loan pools which back Ginnie Mae securities. Ginnie Mae is a United States government corporation in the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. Ginnie Mae securities are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, and we very rarely bear any risk of loss on Ginnie Mae securities. In the event of a default on a HUD-insured loan, HUD will reimburse approximately 99 of any losses of principal and interest on the loan, and Ginnie Mae will reimburse the remaining losses. We are obligated to continue to advance principal and interest payments and tax and insurance escrow amounts on Ginnie Mae securities until the Ginnie Mae securities are fully paid. Correspondent Network In addition to our originators, as of December 31, 2022, we had correspondent agreements with 23 independently owned loan originating companies across the country with which we have relationships for Agency loan originations. This network of correspondents helps us extend our geographic reach into new and/or smaller markets on a cost-effective basis. In addition to identifying potential borrowers and key principals (the individual or individuals directing the activities of the borrowing entity), our correspondents assist us in evaluating loans, including pre-screening the borrowers, key principals, and properties for program eligibility, 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 coordinating due diligence, and generally providing market intelligence. In exchange for providing these services, the correspondent earns an origination fee based on a percentage of the principal amount of the financing arranged and in some cases a fee paid out over time based on the servicing revenues earned over the life of the loan. We may be obligated to repurchase loans that are originated for the Agencies programs if certain representations and warranties that we provide in connection with such originations are breached. We have never been required to repurchase a loan. We recognize loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net and the fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net from our lending with the Agencies when we commit to both originate a loan with a borrower and sell that loan to an investor. The loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net and the fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net for these transactions reflect the fair value attributable to loan origination fees and premiums on the sale of loans, net of any co-broker fees, and the fair value of the expected net cash flows associated with servicing the loans, net of any guaranty obligations retained. We generally fund our Agency loan products through warehouse facility financing and sell them to investors in accordance with the related loan sale commitment, which we obtain concurrent with rate lock. Proceeds from the sale of the loan are used to pay off the warehouse facility borrowing. The sale of the loan is typically completed within 60 days after the loan is closed. We earn net warehouse interest income from loans held for sale while they are outstanding equal to the difference between the note rate on the loan and the cost of borrowing of the warehouse facility. Our loan commitments and loans held for sale are currently not exposed to unhedged interest rate risk during the loan commitment, closing, and delivery process. The sale or placement of each loan to an investor is negotiated at the same time we establish the coupon rate for the loan. We also seek to mitigate the risk of a loan not closing by collecting good faith deposits from the borrower. The deposit is returned to the borrower only once the loan is closed. Any potential loss from a catastrophic change in the property condition while the loan is held for sale using warehouse facility financing is mitigated through property insurance equal to replacement cost. We are also protected contractually from an investor s failure to purchase the loan. We have experienced an immaterial number of failed deliveries in our history and have incurred immaterial losses on such failed deliveries. As part of our overall growth strategy, we are focused on significantly growing and investing in our small-balance multifamily lending platform, which involves a high volume of transactions with smaller loan balances. To further this strategy, during the first quarter of 2022, we acquired GeoPhy to support our small-balance lending platform with data analytics and to further advance our technology development capabilities in this area. NOTE 7 of the consolidated financial statements contains additional information related to the GeoPhy acquisition Debt Brokerage Our mortgage bankers who focus on debt brokerage are engaged by borrowers to work with life insurance companies, banks, and a variety of other institutional lenders to find the most appropriate debt and/or equity solution for the borrowers needs. These financing solutions are then funded directly by the lender, and we receive an origination fee from our customer for our services. Property Sales We offer property sales brokerage services to owners and developers of multifamily properties that are seeking to sell these properties through our subsidiary Walker Dunlop Investment Sales, LLC WDIS ). Through these property sales brokerage services, we seek to maximize proceeds and certainty of closure for our clients using our knowledge of the commercial real estate and capital markets and relying on our experienced transaction professionals. We receive a sales commission for brokering the sale of these multifamily assets on behalf of our clients, and we often are able to provide financing to the purchaser of the properties through our Agency or debt brokerage teams. Our property sales services are offered across the United States. We have increased the number of property sales brokers and the geographical reach of our investment sales platform over the past several years through hiring and acquisitions and intend to continue this expansion in support of our growth strategy. To further support our growth strategy, we acquired an investment sales brokerage company during the third quarter of 2022, which expands our investment sales service offerings to include land sales. Housing Market Research and Real Estate Investment Banking Services We own a 75 interest in a subsidiary doing business as Zelman Associates Zelman ), which we acquired in the third quarter of 2021. Zelman is a nationally recognized housing market research and investment banking firm that will enhance the information we provide to our clients and increase our access to high-quality market insight in many areas of the housing market, including construction trends, demographics, housing demand and mortgage finance. Zelman generates revenues through the sale of its housing market research data and 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 related publications to banks, investment banks and other financial institutions, and through its offering of real estate-related investment banking and advisory services. Appraisal and Valuation Services We offer multifamily appraisal and valuation services though our subsidiary, Apprise by Walker Dunlop Apprise . Apprise leverages technology and data science to dramatically improve the consistency, transparency, and speed of multifamily property appraisals in the U.S. through our proprietary technology and expertise in the commercial real estate industry. Apprise provides appraisal services to a client list that includes many national commercial real estate lenders. Apprise also provides quarterly and annual valuation services to some of the largest institutional commercial real estate investors in the country. Prior to the GeoPhy acquisition, we and GeoPhy each owned a 50 interest in Apprise, and we accounted for the interest as an equity-method investment. Subsequent to the GeoPhy acquisition, Apprise is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Walker Dunlop. Servicing Asset Management Servicing Asset Management focuses on servicing and asset-managing the portfolio of loans we originate and sell to the Agencies, brokering to certain life insurance companies, originating loans through our principal lending and investing activities, and managing third-party capital invested in tax credit equity funds focused on the affordable housing sector and other commercial real estate. We earn servicing fees for overseeing the loans in our servicing portfolio and asset management fees for the capital invested in our funds. Additionally, we earn revenue through net interest income on the loans and the warehouse interest expense for loans held for investment. The primary services within SAM are described below. Loan Servicing We retain servicing rights and asset management responsibilities on substantially all of our Agency loan products that we originate and sell and generate cash revenues from the fees we receive for servicing the loans, from placement fees on escrow deposits held on behalf of borrowers, and from other ancillary fees relating to servicing the loans. Servicing fees, which are based on servicing fee rates set at the time an investor agrees to purchase the loan and on the unpaid principal balance of the loan, are generally paid monthly for the duration of the loan. In addition to servicing substantially all of our Agency loan products, we also service our loans originated through the Interim Program and some of the loans we broker for institutional investors, primarily life insurance companies. We may also occasionally leverage the scale of our servicing operation by acquiring the rights to service and asset-manage loans originated by others through direct portfolio acquisitions or entity acquisitions. We are an approved servicer for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and HUD loans and service loans for many different life insurance companies. We are currently a rated primary servicer with Fitch Ratings. Our servicing function includes loan servicing and asset management activities, performing or overseeing the following activities: carrying out all cashiering functions relating to the loan, including providing monthly billing statements to the borrower and collecting and applying payments on the loan; administering reserve and escrow funds for repairs, tenant improvements, taxes, and insurance; obtaining and analyzing financial statements of the borrower and performing periodic property inspections; preparing and providing periodic reports and remittances to the GSEs, investors, master servicers, or other designated persons; administering lien filings; and performing other tasks and obligations that are delegated to us. 
 Life insurance companies, whose loans we may service, may perform some or all of the activities identified in the list above. We outsource some of our servicing activities to third parties. Our Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and HUD servicing arrangements generally provide for prepayment protection in the event of a voluntary prepayment. For loans serviced outside of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, we typically do not have similar prepayment protections. For most loans we service under the Fannie Mae DUS program, we are required to advance the principal and interest payments and guarantee fees for four months should a borrower cease making payments under the terms of their loan, including while that loan is in forbearance. After advancing for four months, we may request reimbursement by Fannie Mae for the principal and interest advances, and Fannie Mae will reimburse us for these advances within 60 days of the request. Under the Ginnie Mae program, we are obligated to advance the principal and interest payments and guarantee fees until the HUD loan is brought current, fully paid or assigned to HUD. We are eligible to assign a loan to HUD once it is in 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 default for 30 days. If the loan is not brought current, or the loan otherwise defaults, we are not reimbursed for our advances until such time as we assign the loan to HUD or work out a payment modification for the borrower. For loans in default, we may repurchase those loans out of the Ginnie Mae security, at which time our advance requirements cease, and we may then modify and resell the loan or assign the loan back to HUD and be reimbursed for our advances. We are not obligated to make advances on the loans we service u nder the Freddie Mac Optigo program and our bank and life insurance company servicing agreements. Under the HUD program, we are obligated to advance tax and insurance escrow amounts and principal and interest payments on the Ginnie Mae securities until the Ginnie Mae security is fully paid. In the event of a default on a HUD-insured loan, we can elect to assign the loan to HUD and file a mortgage insurance claim. HUD will reimburse approximately 99 of any losses of principal and interest on the loan, and Ginnie Mae will reimburse substantially all of the remaining losses. In cases where we elect to not assign the loan to HUD, we attempt to mitigate losses to HUD by assisting the borrower to obtain a modification to the loan that will improve the borrower s likelihood of future performance. As discussed above in Capital Markets Agency Lending, we have risk-sharing obligations on substantially all loans we originate under the Fannie Mae DUS program. When a Fannie Mae DUS loan is subject to full risk-sharing, we absorb losses on the first 5 of the unpaid principal balance of a loan at the time of loss settlement, and above 5 we share a percentage of the loss with Fannie Mae, with our maximum loss capped at 20 of the original unpaid principal balance of the loan (subject to doubling or tripling if the loan does not meet specific underwriting criteria or if the loan defaults within 12 months of its sale to Fannie Mae). Our full risk-sharing is currently limited to loans up to 300 million, which equates to a maximum loss per loan of 60 million (such exposure would occur in the event that the underlying collateral is determined to be completely without value at the time of loss). For loans in excess of 300 million, we receive modified risk-sharing. We also may request modified risk-sharing at the time of origination on loans below 300 million, which reduces our potential risk-sharing losses from the levels described above, if we do not believe that we are being fully compensated for the risks of the transaction. The full risk-sharing limit prior to June 30, 2021 was less than 300 million. Accordingly, loans originated prior to then may have been subject to modified risk-sharing at much lower levels. Our servicing fees for risk-sharing loans include compensation for the risk-sharing obligations and are larger than the servicing fees we would receive from Fannie Mae for loans with no risk-sharing obligations. We receive a lower servicing fee for modified risk-sharing than for full risk-sharing. For brokered loans we also service, we collect ongoing servicing fees while those loans remain in our servicing portfolio. The servicing fees we typically earn on brokered loan transactions are substantially lower than the servicing fees we earn on Agency loans. Principal Lending and Investing Our principal lending and investing operation is composed of the loans held by the Interim Program JV and the Interim Loan Program, as described below (collectively the Interim Program ). Through a joint venture with an affiliate of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., we offer short-term senior secured debt financing products that provide floating-rate, interest-only loans for terms of generally up to three years to experienced borrowers seeking to acquire or reposition multifamily properties that do not currently qualify for permanent financing (the Interim Program JV or the joint venture ). The joint venture funds its operations using a combination of equity contributions from its owners and third-party credit facilities. We hold a 15 ownership interest in the Interim Program JV and are responsible for sourcing, underwriting, servicing, and asset-managing the loans originated by the joint venture. The Interim Program JV assumes full risk of loss while the loans it originates are outstanding, while we assume risk commensurate with our 15 ownership interest. Using a combination of our own capital and warehouse debt financing, we offer interim loans that do not meet the criteria of the Interim Program JV (the Interim Loan Program ). We underwrite, service, and asset-manage all loans executed through the Interim Loan Program. We originate and hold these Interim Loan Program loans for investment, which are included on our balance sheet, and during the time that these loans are outstanding, we assume the full risk of loss. The ultimate goal of the Interim Loan Program is to provide permanent Agency financing on these transitional properties. Affordable Housing and Other Commercial Real Estate-related Investment Management Services Affordable Housing We provide affordable housing investment management services through our subsidiary, Alliant Capital, Ltd. and its affiliates Alliant ). Alliant is one of the largest tax credit syndicators and affordable housing developers in the U.S. and provides alternative investment management services focused on the affordable housing sector through LIHTC syndication, development of affordable housing projects through joint ventures, and affordable housing preservation fund management. Our affordable housing investment management team works with our developer clients to identify properties that will generate LIHTCs and meet our affordable investors needs, and forms limited partnership funds LIHTC funds with third-party investors that invest in the limited partnership interests in these properties. Alliant serves as the general partner of these LIHTC funds, and it receives fees, such as asset management fees, and a portion of refinance and disposition 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 proceeds as compensation for its work as the general partner of the fund. Additionally, Alliant earns a syndication fee from the LIHTC funds for the identification, organization, and acquisition of affordable housing projects that generate LIHTCs. We invest, as the managing or non-managing member of joint ventures, with developers of affordable housing projects that generate LIHTCs. These joint ventures earn developer fees and sale/refinance proceeds from the properties they develop, and we receive the portion of the economic benefits commensurate with Alliant s ownership percentage in the joint ventures. Additionally, Alliant also invests with third-party investors (either in a fund or joint-venture structure) with the goal of preserving affordability on multifamily properties coming out of the LIHTC 15-year compliance period or on which market forces are unlikely to keep the properties affordable. Through these preservation funds, Alliant may receive acquisition and asset management fees and will receive a portion of the capital appreciation upon sale through a promote structure. We advance funds to our joint venture developer partners for generally short durations in connection with our LIHTC operations. The funds are used to fund the joint venture partner in preparing properties for development and ultimately to be sold or syndicated into a LIHTC fund. To manage our risk of loss on these advances, we evaluate the underlying property fundamentals, the expected cash flows and economics of the LIHTC syndication, and the developer s track record. Additionally, we continually monitor progress on development deals and take appropriate actions as needed to mitigate our risk of loss. The Company, or its predecessor, has never incurred a material loss associated with these advances. We also advance funds to third-party developers with whom we have long-standing relationships for durations of generally less than a year. We evaluate these advances on a deal-by-deal basis by reviewing similar factors that we do for our advances to our joint venture partners. Additionally, these advances often involve the acquisition of land or property, for which we usually receive a security interest in the form of a mortgage or lien along with guarantees from the developer. Lastly, we require a letter of intent giving us the exclusive right to invest in the LIHTC investment. Other Commercial Real Estate Through our subsidiary, Walker Dunlop Investment Partners WDIP ), we function as the operator of a private commercial real estate investment adviser focused on the management of debt, preferred equity, and other equity investments in middle-market commercial real estate funds. WDIP s current assets under management AUM of 1.4 billion primarily consist of four sources: Fund III, Fund IV, Fund V, and Fund VI (collectively, the Funds ), and separate accounts managed primarily for life insurance companies. AUM for the Funds and for the separate accounts consists of both unfunded commitments and funded investments. Unfunded commitments are highest during the fundraising and investment phases. WDIP receives management fees based on both unfunded commitments and funded investments. Additionally, with respect to the Funds, WDIP receives a percentage of the return above the fund return hurdle rate specified in the fund agreements. Corporate The Corporate segment consists primarily of our treasury operations and other corporate-level activities. Our treasury operations include monitoring and managing our liquidity and funding requirements, including our corporate debt. The major other corporate-level functions include our equity-method investments, accounting, information technology, legal, human resources, marketing, internal audit, and various other corporate groups. Our Growth Strategy In 2020, the Company implemented a strategy to reach 2 billion of total annual revenues by the end of 2025 by accomplishing the following milestones: (i) at least 60 billion of annual debt financing volume, (ii) at least 5 billion of annual small balance multifamily debt financing volume, (iii) annual property sales volume of at least 25 billion, (iv) an unpaid principal balance of at least 160 billion in our servicing portfolio, and (v) at least 10 billion of assets under management. We also established several environmental, social, and governance targets we aim to achieve by December 31, 2025. The following table summarizes our progress towards these 2025 milestones. 

Milestone in thousands 2022 2025 Milestone Revenues 1,258,753 2,000,000 Debt financing volume 43,605,984 60,000,000 Small balance lending volume 745,686 5,000,000 Property sales volume 19,732,654 25,000,000 Servicing portfolio 123,133,855 160,000,000 Assets under management 16,748,449 10,000,000 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 To reach these milestones in 2025, we will focus on the following areas: Grow Debt Financing Volume to 65 billion annually, including 5 billion of annual small balance multifamily lending, with a servicing portfolio of 160 billion by continuing to hire and acquire the best mortgage bankers in the industry, leveraging our brand to continue growing our client base, and leveraging proprietary technology to be more insightful and relevant to our clients. We continue to increase our market share in the multifamily financing market, with an 8.3 share in 2022. The acquisition of GeoPhy in 2022 has allowed us to begin development of a small balance lending application to enhance our client s experience and reduce inefficiencies in the underwriting, closing, and servicing processes and enables us to further leverage technology to effectively target potential clients to achieve our goal of 5 billion of annual small-balance multifamily lending. During 2022, we maintained the number of bankers and brokers focused on debt financing transactions across the United States to stand ready to capture additional market share as macroeconomic conditions begin to stabilize. The integration of Alliant creates several synergies for debt financing volumes, which include access to Alliant s clients and relationships in the affordable housing space, which we expect will lead to additional opportunities to provide affordable debt financing. Grow Property Sales Volume to 25 billion annually by leveraging the strengths of our current team, growing volumes within our current markets and continuing to build out our brand and footprint nationally by hiring brokers in new geographic markets and brokers who specialize in different multifamily product types. We added 18 property sales brokers in 2022, and as of December 31, 2022, had 79 property sales brokers in various regions throughout the United States. For the twelve months ended September 30, 2022, our team achieved the goal of greater than 25 billion of property sales; however, the market disruptions experienced since Labor Day 2022 resulted in far fewer sales transactions in the fourth quarter of 2022. Our 2022 sales volume increased slightly despite difficult macroeconomic conditions. During 2022, we acquired a property sales brokerage company specializing in land sales, and recruited a team that specializes in affordable housing, which allowed us to expand our product offerings and enter into new investment sales markets. Continued growth of our property sales team will provide greater exposure to multifamily clients and markets across the country and help achieve our 25 billion property sales goal by 2025, while also increasing our opportunities to finance the properties for which we broker a sale. Establish Investment Banking Capabilities with a goal to reach 10 billion in assets under management by building on our existing capabilities and developing new capabilities to meet more of our client s needs. We will continue to seek to grow our AUM, including in other areas of commercial real estate, as we are routinely asked by our clients to help them in providing market insights, raising more complex capital solutions, and undertaking platform valuations. Our market-leading position in debt financing and the national reach of our property sales platform gives us access to substantial amounts of local and macro data. We believe access to this insightful data, along with our relationships with various organizations in the capital markets and developments in our technology platforms will help meet these client needs. Additionally, we will continue to scale our AUM through WDIP. With more than 200 bankers and brokers on our platform and access to a significant and diverse amount of financing deal flow, we also will focus on raising third-party capital to grow WDIP s business to meet the diverse capital needs of our clients. Remain a leader in Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG efforts by increasing the percentage of women and minorities within the ranks of our top earners and senior management, remaining carbon neutral while reducing our emissions intensity, and donating 1 of our annual income from operations to charitable organizations. Details and results of our ongoing ESG efforts are provided in our annual ESG report on our website. See more discussions about our human capital strategy in the Human Capital Resources section below . 
 Competition We compete in the commercial real estate services industry. We face significant competition across our business, including, but not limited to, commercial real estate services subsidiaries of large national commercial banks, privately-held and public commercial real estate service providers, CMBS conduits, public and private real estate investment trusts, private equity, investment funds, and insurance companies, some of which are also investors in loans we originate. Our competitors include, but are not limited to, Wells Fargo, N.A.; CBRE Group, Inc.; Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated; Marcus Millichap, Inc.; Eastdil Secured; PNC Real Estate; Northmarq Capital, LLC; Newmark Realty Capital; and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage, LLC. Many of these competitors enjoy advantages over us, including greater name recognition, financial resources, well-established investment management platforms, and access to lower-cost capital. The commercial real estate services subsidiaries of the large national commercial banks may have an advantage over us in originating commercial loans if borrowers already have other lending or deposit relationships with the bank. Through our subsidiary, Alliant, we are the sixth largest LIHTC syndicator in the country. Competitors in this fragmented but highly competitive industry include but are not limited to: Boston Financial Investment Management, L.P., Raymond James Associates, Inc., Enterprise Community Partners, Inc., The Richman Group Affordable Housing Corporation, National Equity Fund, Inc., and PNC Real Estate. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 We compete on the basis of quality of service, the ability to provide useful insights to our borrowers, speed of execution, relationships, loan structure, terms, pricing, and breadth of product offerings. Our ability to provide useful insights to borrowers includes our knowledge of local and national real estate market conditions, our loan product expertise, our analysis and management of credit risk and leveraging data and technology to bring ideas to our clients. Our competitors seek to compete aggressively on these factors. Our success depends on our ability to offer attractive loan products, provide superior service, demonstrate industry depth, maintain and capitalize on relationships with investors, borrowers, and key loan correspondents, and remain competitive in pricing. In addition, future changes in laws, regulations, and Agency program requirements, increased investment from foreign entities, and consolidation in the commercial real estate finance market could lead to the entry of more competitors. Regulatory Requirements Our business is subject to laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions. The level of regulation and supervision to which we are subject varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and is based on the type of business activities involved. The regulatory requirements that apply to our activities are subject to change from time to time and may become more restrictive, making our compliance with applicable requirements more difficult or expensive or otherwise restricting our ability to conduct our business in the manner that it is now conducted. Additionally, as we expand into new operations, we likely will face new regulatory requirements applicable to such operations. For example, our expansion into LIHTC syndication and broker-dealer activities in 2021, as a result of the Alliant and Zelman acquisitions, has subjected us to new regulatory requirements. While such regulatory requirements may not result in fines and penalties, changes in applicable regulatory requirements, including changes in their enforcement, could materially and adversely affect us. Federal and State Regulation of Commercial Real Estate Lending Activities Our multifamily and commercial real estate lending, property sales, servicing, asset management, and appraisal activities are subject, in certain instances, to supervision and regulation by federal and state governmental authorities in the United States. In addition, these activities may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions, which, among other things, regulate lending activities, regulate conduct with borrowers, establish maximum interest rates, finance charges, and other charges and require disclosures to borrowers. Although most states do not regulate commercial finance, certain states impose limitations on interest rates, as well as other charges on certain collection practices and creditor remedies. Some states also require licensing of lenders, loan and property brokers, loan servicers and real estate appraisers as well as adequate disclosure of certain contract terms. We also are required to comply with certain provisions of, among other statutes and regulations, the USA PATRIOT Act, regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Asset Control, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, which we refer to as ERISA, and federal and state securities laws and regulations. Requirements of the Agencies To maintain our status as an approved lender for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and as a HUD-approved mortgagee and issuer of Ginnie Mae securities, we are required to meet and maintain various eligibility criteria established by the Agencies, such as minimum net worth, operational liquidity and collateral requirements, and compliance with reporting requirements. We also are required to originate our loans and perform our loan servicing functions in accordance with the applicable program requirements and guidelines established by the Agencies. If we fail to comply with the requirements of any of these programs, the Agencies may terminate or withdraw our approval. In addition, the Agencies have the authority under their guidelines to terminate a lender's authority to sell loans to them and service their loans. The loss of one or more of these approvals would have a material adverse impact on us and could result in further disqualification with other counterparties, and we may be required to obtain additional state lender or mortgage banker licensing to originate loans if that status is revoked. Investment Advisers Act Under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, WDIP is required to be registered as an investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and follow the various rules and regulations applicable to investment advisers. These rules and regulations cover, among other areas, communications with investors, marketing materials provided to potential investors, disclosure and calculation of fees, calculation and reporting of performance information, maintenance of books and records, and custody. Investment advisers are also subject to periodic inspection and examination by the SEC and filing requirements on Form ADV and Form PF. Should WDIP not meet any of the requirements of the Investment Advisers Act, it could face, among other things, fines, penalties, legal proceedings, an order to cease and desist, or revocation of its registration. Requirements of Registered Broker-Dealers Under the Exchange Act and as a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), Zelman is required to follow the various rules and regulations applicable to broker-dealers. These rules and regulations cover, among other things, sales practices, fee 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 arrangements, disclosures to clients, capital adequacy, use and safekeeping of clients funds and securities, recordkeeping and reporting and the qualification and conduct of officers, employees and independent contractors. Broker-dealers are subject to periodic inspection and examination by the SEC and FINRA. Should Zelman not meet any of the requirements, Zelman may receive a deficiency letter identifying potential compliance issues that must be addressed and may face enforcement actions if any violations or compliance issues are not resolved. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 1,451 employees, an 11 increase from the prior year, including 27 new bankers and brokers. This growth was primarily due to the expansion of our business, our recruiting efforts, and the GeoPhy acquisition in 2022. None of our employees are represented by a union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. Our human capital strategy is to create a valued culture that allows us to attract and retain the very best talent in our industry. We take a people-first approach to culture, providing competitive pay and benefits, working to deliver an experience that ensures all of our employees are provided with opportunities for support, growth, and advancement throughout their tenure. We believe the core values that make up The Walker Way represent who we are: an employee base that is driven, caring, collaborative, insightful, and tenacious. We strive to build a great place to work for all employees and to be a leader in diversity, equity, and inclusion DE I ). In 2022, we were recognized in Fortune Magazine s Great Place to Work s Best Workplaces in Financial Services Insurance for the seventh time, with 94 of our survey respondents having said: Taking everything into account, I would say this is a great place to work. Talent We are committed to recruiting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce. All employees take part in our rigorous goal setting, performance review, and 360 feedback program each year. We monitor and evaluate various talent metrics and report to management monthly on hiring, turnover, promotions, and DE I metrics. The following table summarizes our key human capital metrics over the last two years: 

As of December 31, Human Capital Metric: 2022 2021 Overall Voluntary annualized turnover rate 11 12 Average tenure (years) 3.8 3.6 Diversity Percent of women employees 36 36 Percent of women employees in management positions (1) 28 27 Percent of employees from underrepresented racial/ethnic groups 22 23 Percent of employees from underrepresented racial/ethnic groups in management positions (1) 13 14 

 (1) Defined as Assistant Vice President and above. We are purposeful in our drive to promote an inclusive workplace, where our employees are engaged and can develop within the Company. As mentioned in the Our Growth Strategy section above, we have set ambitious quantitative 2025 goals related to DE I and tied a portion of our Executive Officer s short-term annual incentive compensation to drive advances toward our longer-term DE I vision. Additionally, all employees have community standard and diversity, equity, and inclusion goals. In 2022, we began implementing the DE I action plan resulting from COQUAL and Management Leadership for Tomorrow s MLT Black Equity at Work audits we conducted in 2021. We developed a Hispanic Equity action plan as part of MLT's inaugural Hispanic Equity at Work Certification. MLT approved our Hispanic Equity at Work plan and awarded us a Bronze Certification for our progress toward the Black Equity at Work plan we adopted in 2021. Both are milestones on the journey to make comprehensive progress through rigorous, sustained action, ongoing data-driven improvement, and accountability. Additionally, we are included in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index GEI for the second time, the level and quality of our disclosures surrounding gender equality earned us inclusion again for 2023. Through our diversity, equity, and inclusion program we sponsor employee resource groups ERGs including, but not limited to the following: Black, Latino/a, LGBTQIA+, AAPI, Military/Veterans, and Caregivers. Our ERGs provide our employees with community, fostering education, awareness, support, and advocacy. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Health and Safety We are committed to the health, safety, and wellness of our employees. We offer various programs to support the well-being of our employees, including flexible working arrangements, a caregiver support program, and a robust wellness program that includes subsidies of up to 150 per month paid to employees for qualifying wellness activities, promoting both physical and mental health. More than half of our employees participate in this program. In 2022, we increased our focus on mental health through numerous employee-focused campaigns and additional training for our entire human resources function. All of our offices are open, and we support two days per week work-from-home, with the ability to exercise more flexibility. We believe this keeps the focus on both our culture and commitment to meeting employees personal and health needs front and center. Total Rewards To attract and retain the very best talent in the industry, we are committed to providing a total compensation and benefits package that is highly competitive. We offer competitive wages, health and insurance benefits, paid time off, various leave programs, a service awards program ranging from 2,000 to 25,000 for three to 40 years of service, a 401(k) Company match, wellness benefits, and health savings plans. We benchmark our total rewards programs at least annually and regularly conduct pay equity analyses. We also offer paid time off for employees to volunteer in their communities, in addition to Company-sponsored volunteer events, and provide a matching fund program where we match employees eligible charitable contributions and/or time spent volunteering up to 1,000. In addition, we support the development and advancement of our employees and provide reimbursements for certain professional certifications and higher education. In recognition of the role our employees play as stewards of the Walker Way, we have historically granted broad-based restricted stock awards to our employees. In December 2020, on the 10-year anniversary of our initial public offering, we granted restricted stock to our employees, excluding senior management. The grant vests ratably over a three-year period, with the final vesting occurring in December 2023. Together with our employees, we continue our journey to be a great place to work. We are consistently evaluating our programs and policies to uphold and support our culture, our values and our people. Available Information We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . Our principal Internet website can be found at http://www.walkerdunlop.com . The content within or accessible through our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge, on or through our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed, or furnished, to the SEC. Our website also includes a corporate governance section which contains our Corporate Governance Guidelines (which includes our Director Responsibilities and Qualifications), Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, Board of Directors Committee Charters for the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees, Complaint Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters, and the method by which interested parties may contact our Ethics Hotline. In the event of any changes to these charters, codes, or guidelines, changed copies will also be made available on our website. If we waive or amend any provision of our code of ethics, we will promptly disclose such waiver or amendment as required by SEC or New York Stock Exchange NYSE rules. We intend to promptly post any waiver or amendment of our Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers to our website. You may request a copy of any of the above documents, at no cost to you, by writing or telephoning us at: Walker Dunlop, Inc., 7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300, Bethesda, Maryland 20814, Attention: Investor Relations, telephone (301) 215-5500. We will not send exhibits to these reports, unless the exhibits are specifically requested, and you pay a modest fee for duplication and delivery. Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision to purchase our common stock. The 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 realization of any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and the market price and liquidity of our common stock, which could cause you to lose all or a significant part of your investment in our common stock. Some statements in this Annual Report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements for more information. Risks Relating to Our Business The loss of, changes in, or disruptions to our relationships with the Agencies and institutional investors would adversely affect our ability to originate commercial real estate loans, which would materially and adversely affect us. Currently, we originate all of our loans held for sale through the Agencies programs. We are approved as a Fannie Mae DUS lender nationwide, a Fannie Mae Multifamily Small Loan lender, a Freddie Mac Optigo lender nationally for Conventional, Seniors Housing, Targeted Affordable Housing and Small Balance Loans, a HUD MAP lender nationwide, a HUD LEAN lender nationally, and a Ginnie Mae issuer. Our status as an approved lender affords us a number of advantages and may be terminated by the applicable Agency at any time. The loss of such status would, or changes in our relationships could, prevent us from being able to originate commercial real estate loans for sale through the particular Agency, which would materially and adversely affect us. It could also result in a loss of similar approvals from the other Agencies. Additionally, federal budgetary policies also impact our ability to originate loans, particularly if they have a negative impact on the ability of the Agencies to do business with us. Changes in fiscal, monetary, and budgetary policies and the operating status of the U.S. government are beyond our control, are difficult to predict, and could materially and adversely affect us. During periods of limited or no U.S. government operations, our ability to originate HUD loans may be severely constrained. The impact that limited or dormant government operations may have on our HUD lending depends on the duration of such impacted operations. We also broker loans on behalf of certain life insurance companies, investment banks, commercial banks, pension funds, CMBS conduits, and other institutional investors that directly underwrite and provide funding for the loans at closing. In cases where we do not fund the loan, we act as a loan broker. If these investors discontinue their relationship with us and replacement investors cannot be found on a timely basis, we could be adversely affected. A change to the conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related actions, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the U.S. federal government or the existence of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, could materially and adversely affect our business. Currently, we originate a majority of our loans for sale through the GSEs programs. Additionally, a substantial majority of our servicing portfolio represents loans we service through the GSEs programs. Changes in the business charters, structure, or existence of one or both of the GSEs could eliminate or substantially reduce the number of loans we originate with the GSEs, which in turn would lead to a reduction in fees related to such loans. These effects would likely cause us to realize significantly lower revenues from our loan originations and servicing fees, and ultimately would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. In September 2008, the GSEs regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (the FHFA ), placed each GSE into conservatorship. The conservatorship is a statutory process designed to preserve and conserve the GSEs assets and property and put them in a sound and solvent condition. The conservatorships have no specified termination dates and there continues to be significant uncertainty regarding the future of the GSEs, including how long they will continue to exist in their current forms, the extent of their roles in the housing markets and whether or in what form they may exist following conservatorship. As the primary regulator and the conservator of the GSEs, the FHFA has taken a number of steps during conservatorship to manage the GSEs multifamily business activities. Since 2013, the FHFA has established limits on the volume of new multifamily loans that may be purchased annually by the GSEs caps ). In November 2022, the FHFA updated the GSEs loan origination caps to 75.0 billion for the four-quarter period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2023. The new caps apply to all multifamily business with no exclusions. The FHFA also directed that at least 50.0 of the GSEs multifamily business be mission-driven, affordable housing. We cannot predict whether FHFA will implement further regulatory and other policy changes that will modify the GSEs multifamily businesses. Congress has considered various housing finance reform bills since the GSEs went into conservatorship in 2008. Several of the bills have called for the winding down or receivership of the GSEs. We expect Congress to continue considering housing finance reform in the future, including conducting hearings and considering legislation that could alter the housing finance system. We cannot predict the prospects for the enactment, timing or content of legislative proposals regarding the future status of the GSEs. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to risk of loss in connection with defaults on loans, including loans sold under the Fannie Mae DUS program, and could experience significant servicing advance obligations in connection with Fannie Mae and HUD loans we originate, that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. As a loan servicer, we maintain the primary contact with the borrower throughout the life of the loan and are responsible, pursuant to our servicing agreements with the Agencies and institutional investors, for asset management. We are also responsible, together with the applicable Agency or institutional investor, for taking actions to mitigate losses. Our asset management process may be unsuccessful in identifying loans that are in danger of underperforming or defaulting or in taking appropriate action once those loans are identified. While we can recommend a loss mitigation strategy for the Agencies, decisions regarding loss mitigation are within the control of the Agencies. Previous turmoil in the real estate, credit and capital markets have made this process even more difficult and unpredictable. When loans become delinquent, we may incur additional expenses in servicing and asset managing the loan and are typically required to advance principal and interest payments and tax and insurance escrow amounts. All of these items discussed above could have a negative impact on our cash flows. Because of the foregoing, a rise in delinquencies could have a material adverse effect on us. Under the Fannie Mae DUS program, we originate and service multifamily loans for Fannie Mae without having to obtain Fannie Mae's prior approval for certain loans, as long as the loans meet the underwriting guidelines set forth by Fannie Mae. In return for the delegated authority to make loans and the commitment to purchase loans by Fannie Mae, we must maintain minimum collateral and generally are required to share risk of loss on loans sold through Fannie Mae. Under the full risk-sharing formula, we are required to absorb the first 5 of any losses on the unpaid principal balance of a loan at the time of loss settlement, and above 5 we are required to share the loss with Fannie Mae, with our maximum loss generally capped at 20 of the original unpaid principal balance of a loan. In addition, Fannie Mae can double or triple our risk-sharing obligations if the loan does not meet specific underwriting criteria or if the loan defaults within 12 months of its sale to Fannie Mae. Fannie Mae also requires us to maintain collateral, which may include pledged securities, for our risk-sharing obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had pledged securities of 157.3 million as collateral against future losses related to 54.2 billion of loans outstanding that are subject to risk-sharing obligations, as more fully described under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, which we refer to as our at-risk balance. Fannie Mae collateral requirements may change in the future. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance for risk-sharing as a percentage of the at-risk balance was 0.08 , or 44.1 million, and reflects our current estimate of our future expected payouts under our risk-sharing obligations. Over the past 10 years, we have settled 22.0 million of risk-sharing losses, or 1.2 basis points of the average at-risk balance. We cannot ensure that our estimate of the allowance for risk-sharing obligations will be sufficient to cover future actual write offs. Other factors may also affect a borrower's decision to default on a loan, such as property, cash flow, occupancy, maintenance needs, and other financing obligations. As of December 31, 2022, there were two loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of 37.0 million and an aggregate collateral-based reserve of 4.4 million that had defaulted and are awaiting ultimate disposition. If loan defaults increase, actual risk-sharing obligation payments under the Fannie Mae DUS program may increase, and such defaults and payments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity. In addition, any failure to pay our share of losses under the Fannie Mae DUS program could result in the revocation of our license from Fannie Mae and the exercise of various remedies available to Fannie Mae under the Fannie Mae DUS program. A reduction in the prices paid for our loans and services or an increase in loan or security interest rates required by investors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if the Agencies or institutional investors lower the price they are willing to pay to us for our loans or services or adversely change the material terms of their loan purchases or service arrangements with us. Multiple factors determine the price we receive for our loans. With respect to Fannie Mae-related originations, our loans are generally sold as Fannie Mae-insured securities to third-party investors. With respect to HUD-related originations, our loans are generally sold as Ginnie Mae securities to third-party investors. In both cases, the price paid to us reflects, in part, the competitive market bidding process for these securities. We sell loans directly to Freddie Mac. Freddie Mac may choose to hold, sell or later securitize such loans. We believe terms set by Freddie Mac are influenced by similar market factors as those that impact the price of Fannie Mae insured or Ginnie Mae securities, although the pricing process differs. With respect to loans that are placed with institutional investors, the origination fees that we receive from borrowers are determined through negotiations, competition, and other market conditions. Loan servicing fees are based, in part, on the risk-sharing obligations associated with the loan and the market pricing of credit risk. The credit risk premium offered by Fannie Mae for new loans can change periodically but remains fixed once we enter into a commitment to sell the loan. Over the past several years, Fannie Mae loan servicing fees have generally been higher than for other products principally due to the market pricing of credit risk. There can be no assurance that such fees will continue to remain at such levels or that such levels will be sufficient if delinquencies occur. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Servicing fees for loans placed with institutional investors are negotiated with each institutional investor pursuant to agreements that we have with them. These fees for new loans vary over time and may be materially and adversely affected by a number of factors, including competitors that may be willing to provide similar services at lower rates. A significant portion of our revenue is derived from loan servicing fees, and declines in or terminations of servicing engagements or breaches of servicing agreements could have a material adverse effect on us. We expect that loan servicing fees will continue to constitute a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. Nearly all of these fees are derived from loans that we originate and sell through the Agencies programs or place with institutional investors. A decline in the number or value of loans that we originate for these investors or terminations of our servicing engagements will decrease these fees. HUD has the right to terminate our current servicing engagements for cause. In addition to termination for cause, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may terminate our servicing engagements without cause by paying a termination fee. Our institutional investors typically may terminate our servicing engagements at any time with or without cause, without paying a termination fee. We are also subject to losses that may arise from servicing errors, such as a failure to maintain insurance, pay taxes, or provide notices. If a significant number of our loan warehouse facilities, on which we are highly dependent, are terminated or reduced, we may be unable to find replacement financing on favorable terms, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on us. We require a significant amount of short-term funding capacity to finance Agency loans we originate. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3.9 billion of committed and uncommitted loan funding available through five commercial banks and 1.5 billion of uncommitted funding available through Fannie Mae s As Soon As Pooled ASAP program. Additionally, consistent with industry practice, our existing loan warehouse facilities have terms of one year, and therefore require annual renewal. If a significant number of our committed facilities are reduced, terminated, or are not renewed or our uncommitted facilities are not honored, we may be unable to find replacement financing on favorable terms, or at all, and we might not be able to originate loans, which would have a material adverse effect on us. Additionally, as our business continues to expand, we may need additional warehouse funding capacity for loans we originate. There can be no assurance that, in the future, we will be able to obtain additional warehouse funding capacity on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of the financial or other covenants included in our warehouse facilities, we would be in default under one or more of these facilities and our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the facilities to be immediately due and payable, enforce their interests against loans pledged under such facilities and/or restrict our ability to make additional borrowings. These facilities also contain cross-default provisions, such that if a default occurs under any of our debt agreements, generally the lenders under our other debt agreements could also declare a default. These restrictions (and restrictions included in our long-term debt agreement) may interfere with our ability to obtain financing or to engage in other business activities, which could materially and adversely affect us. There can be no assurance that we will maintain compliance with all financial and other covenants included in our loan warehouse facilities in the future. We may be required to repurchase loans or indemnify loan purchasers if there is a breach of a representation or warranty made by us in connection with the sale of loans through the programs of the Agencies, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We must make certain representations and warranties concerning each loan originated by us for the Agencies programs. The representations and warranties relate to our practices in the origination and servicing of the loans and the accuracy of the information being provided by us. For example, we are generally required to provide, among others, the following representations and warranties: we are authorized to do business and to sell or assign the loan; the loan conforms to the requirements of the Agencies and certain laws and regulations; the underlying mortgage represents a valid lien on the property and there are no other liens on the property; the loan documents are valid and enforceable; taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, rents and similar other payments have been paid or escrowed; the property is insured, conforms to zoning laws and remains intact; and we do not know of any issues regarding the loan that are reasonably expected to cause the loan to be delinquent or unacceptable for investment or adversely affect its value. We are permitted to satisfy certain of these representations and warranties by furnishing a title insurance policy. In the event of a breach of any representation or warranty concerning a loan, investors could, among other things, require us to repurchase the full amount of the loan and seek indemnification for losses from us, or, for Fannie Mae DUS loans, increase the level of risk-sharing on the loan. Our obligation to repurchase the loan is independent of our risk-sharing obligations. The Agencies could require us to repurchase the loan if representations and warranties are breached, even if the loan is not in default. Because the accuracy of many such representations and warranties generally is based on our actions or on third-party reports, such as title reports and environmental reports, we may not receive similar representations and warranties from other parties that would serve as a claim against them. Even if we receive representations and warranties from third parties and have a claim against them, in the event of a breach, our ability to recover on any such claim may be limited. Our ability to recover against a borrower that breaches its representations and warranties to us may be similarly limited. Our ability to recover on a claim against any party would also be dependent, in part, upon the financial condition and liquidity of such party. There can be no assurance that we, 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 our employees or third parties will not make mistakes that would subject us to repurchase or indemnification obligations. Any significant repurchase or indemnification obligations imposed on us could have a material adverse effect on us. We have made various investments that are funded with corporate capital. These investments may involve a greater risk of loss than our traditional real estate lending activities. We use corporate capital to make investments in (i) loans under the Interim Loan Program, (ii) joint ventures and other equity method investments, (iii) loans to our LIHTC joint venture partners and (iv) investments in LIHTC tax credit equity. Below we discuss the risks associated with these investments. (i) Interim Loan Program 
 Under the Interim Loan Program, we offer short-term, floating-rate loans to borrowers seeking to acquire or reposition multifamily properties that do not currently qualify for permanent financing. Such a borrower often has identified a transitional asset that has been under-managed and/or is located in a recovering market. If the market in which the asset is located fails to recover according to the borrower s projections, or if the borrower fails to improve the quality of the asset s management and/or the value of the asset, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy the interim loan, and we bear the risk that we may not recover some or all of the loan balance. In addition, borrowers usually use the proceeds of a long-term mortgage loan to repay an interim loan. We may therefore be dependent on a borrower s ability to obtain permanent financing to repay our interim loan, which could depend on market conditions and other factors. Further, interim loans may be relatively less liquid than loans against stabilized properties due to their short life, their potential unsuitability for securitization, any unstabilized nature of the underlying real estate and the difficulty of recovery in the event of a borrower s default. This lack of liquidity may significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of loans in the Interim Program and may adversely affect the fair value of such loans and the proceeds from their disposition. Carrying loans for longer periods of time on our balance sheet exposes us to greater risks of loss than we currently face for loans that are pre-sold or placed with investors, including, without limitation, 100 exposure for defaults and impairment charges, which may adversely affect our profitability. (ii) Joint ventures and other equity method investments 
 We make investments in various joint ventures, including with select developers of LIHTC properties and as part of the Interim Program JV. We are also an investor in various venture capital funds with a specific focus on identifying and investing in property technology and financial technology companies with a predominant focus on the housing and commercial real estate sectors. We bear the risk that these investments will not be able to generate sufficient cash flows for us to fully recover our capital contributions. These investments are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (iii) Loans to our LIHTC joint venture partners 
 To provide capital support the partners in our LIHTC joint ventures, who are the developers of LIHTC properties, we provide loans to these partners. The funds from these loans are used to prepare a property for development and ultimately to be syndicated into a LIHTC fund. These loans are generally short-term and repaid with proceeds from construction loans or permanent loans from third-party sources or proceeds from the sale to LIHTC funds. We face risk that these loans to our joint venture partners may not be repaid if loans from third parties cannot be obtained or the property is not sold to a LIHTC fund. (iv) Investments in LIHTC tax credit equity 
 We acquire interests in tax credit property partnerships for sale to LIHTC investment funds and, at any point in time, the aggregate amount of funds advanced can be material. Recovery of these investments is subject to our ability to attract investors to new investment funds. We have contractual obligations that will require significant uses of capital. Our ability to fund these uses of capital is dependent on both our results of operations and our ability to access capital markets. A decline in the results of our operations, an inability to access capital markets, or an increase in the cost of capital may materially affect our operations. As discussed in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, we have made commitments to fund (i) equity-method investments, (ii) investments in affordable housing partnerships to be syndicated into LIHTC investment funds, and (iii) earnout payments from acquisitions, and we also must satisfy collateral requirements for our Fannie Mae DUS risk-sharing obligations and the operational liquidity requirements of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, Ginnie Mae, and our warehouse facility lenders. To fund these cash flow obligations, we typically use cash generated from our operations and, when necessary, from funds raised in the capital markets. A significant decline in our operational performance, an inability to access capital markets for funding, or a sharp rise in our cost of capital could adversely affect our ability to meet these future obligations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We are dependent upon the success of the multifamily real estate sector and conditions that negatively impact the multifamily sector may reduce demand for our products and services and materially and adversely affect us. We provide commercial real estate financial products and services primarily to developers and owners of multifamily properties. Accordingly, the success of our business is closely tied to the overall success of the multifamily real estate market. Various changes in real estate conditions may impact the multifamily sector. Any negative trends in such real estate conditions may reduce demand for our products and services and, as a result, adversely affect our results of operations. These conditions include: an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, multifamily housing; a change in policy or circumstances that may result in a significant number of current and/or potential residents of multifamily properties deciding to purchase homes instead of renting; rent control, rent forbearance, or stabilization laws, or other laws regulating multifamily housing, which could affect the profitability or values of multifamily developments; the inability of residents and tenants to pay rent; changes in the tax code related to investment real estate; increased competition in the multifamily sector based on considerations such as the attractiveness, location, rental rates, amenities, and safety record of various properties; and increased operating costs, including increased real property taxes, maintenance, insurance, and utilities costs. 
 Moreover, other factors may adversely affect the multifamily sector, including general business, economic and market conditions, fluctuations in the real estate and debt capital markets, changes in government fiscal and monetary policies, regulations and other laws, rules and regulations governing real estate, zoning or taxes, changes in interest rate levels, the potential liability under environmental and other laws, and other unforeseen events. Any or all of these factors could negatively impact the multifamily sector and, as a result, reduce the demand for our products and services. Any such reduction could materially and adversely affect us. The loss of our key management could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued services of our senior management, particularly William Walker, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We maintain a robust succession planning process for all of our senior management and regularly update our Board on such developments. In addition, we maintain key person life insurance only on Mr. Walker, and the insurance proceeds from such insurance may be insufficient to cover the cost associated with recruiting a new Chief Executive Officer. We intend to drive a significant portion of our future growth through additional strategic acquisitions or investments in new ventures and new lines of business. If we do not successfully identify, complete and integrate such acquisitions or investments, our growth may be limited. Additionally, expansion of our business may place significant demands on our administrative, operational, and financial resources, and the acquired businesses or new ventures may not perform as we expect them to or become profitable. We intend to pursue continued growth by acquiring or starting complementary businesses, but we cannot guarantee such efforts will be successful or profitable. We do not know whether the favorable conditions that have enabled our past growth through acquisitions and strategic investments will continue. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates and new ventures can be difficult, time consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions or investments in new ventures on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, if our growth continues, it could increase our expenses and place additional demands on our management, personnel, information systems, and other resources. Sustaining our growth could require us to commit additional management, operational and financial resources to maintain appropriate operational and financial systems to adequately support expansion. Acquisitions or new investments also typically involve significant costs related to integrating information technology, accounting, reporting, and management services and rationalizing personnel levels and may require significant time to obtain new or updated regulatory approvals from the Agencies and other federal and state authorities. Negative impacts of acquisitions of new ventures that could have a material and adverse effect on us include diversion of management's attention from the regular operations of our business and potential loss of our key personnel, inability to hire and retain qualified bankers and brokers, and inability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions or new investments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage any growth effectively and any failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and control our expenses, which could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, future acquisitions or new investments could result in significantly dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of substantial debt, contingent liabilities, or expenses or other charges, which could also materially and adversely affect us. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand or modify our business in response to changing client demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses or investments in new ventures rather than through internal growth. There is a risk of unfavorable changes to, or elimination of governmental programs that could limit the product offerings of our affordable housing investment management services. As discussed above under Part I, Item 1. Business Our Business Affordable Housing and Other Commercial Real Estate-related Investment Management Services, our affordable housing investment management service derives revenue from the syndication of partnership interests in properties eligible for low-income housing tax credits, or LIHTCs. Although the LIHTC programs are a permanent part of the Tax Code and have historically enjoyed broad political support, Congress could repeal or modify the LIHTC provisions at any time or modify the tax laws so that the value of LIHTC benefits is reduced. If the LIHTC provisions are repealed or adversely modified, the results of operations of our Affordable Housing Investment Management Services would be materially adversely affected. Our role as a sponsor of investment funds and co-developer of affordable properties exposes us to risks of loss. In connection with the sponsorship of investment funds, we act as a fiduciary to the investors in our investment funds and could be liable in connection with our actions as a fiduciary. We could also be liable to investors in investment funds and third parties as a result of serving as general partner or special limited partner in various investment funds. As a co-developer of affordable housing properties, we are exposed to development risks associated with the construction and lease-up of affordable housing properties. A failed project could result in financial and liquidity exposure to us for the completion of the project or the disposition of the project at a loss. Noncompliance with various legal requirements by the affordable housing partnerships could impair our investors right to LIHTCs and have a negative impact on our business. The ability of investors in tax credit equity funds we sponsor to benefit from LIHTCs requires that the partnerships in which those funds invest operate affordable housing projects in compliance with a number of requirements in the Tax Code and the regulations thereunder. The loss of tax benefits could result under applicable laws if, among other things, the property is not occupied by a minimum percentage of residents whose income falls below specified levels, the level of rent charged to certain residents exceeds certain limits, or the fund's investment in the property is terminated through a sale or foreclosure of the property under certain circumstances. Failure to comply continuously with these requirements throughout a 15-year compliance period could result in loss of the right to those LIHTCs, including recapture of credits that were already taken. While we have no direct liability for such foregone credits, our prospective business and reputation could be negatively impacted by significant and repeated recapture of credits. Risks Relating to Regulatory Matters If we fail to comply with the numerous government regulations and program requirements of the Agencies, we may lose our approved lender status with these entities and fail to gain additional approvals or licenses for our business. We are also subject to changes in laws, regulations and existing Agency program requirements, including potential increases in reserve and risk retention requirements that could increase our costs and affect the way we conduct our business, which could materially and adversely affect us. Our operations are subject to regulation by federal, state, and local government authorities, various laws and judicial and administrative decisions, and regulations and policies of the Agencies. These laws, regulations, rules, and policies impose, among other things, minimum net worth, operational liquidity and collateral requirements. Fannie Mae requires us to maintain operational liquidity based on a formula that considers the balance of the loan and the level of credit loss exposure (level of risk-sharing). Fannie Mae requires us to maintain collateral, which may include pledged securities, for our risk-sharing obligations. The amount of collateral required under the Fannie Mae DUS program is calculated at the loan level and is based on the balance of the loan, the level of risk-sharing, the seasoning of the loan, and our rating. Regulatory authorities also require us to submit financial reports and to maintain a quality control plan for the underwriting, origination and servicing of loans. Numerous laws and regulations also impose qualification and licensing obligations on us and impose requirements and restrictions affecting, among other things: our loan originations; maximum interest rates, finance charges and other fees that we may charge; disclosures to consumers; the terms of secured transactions; debt collection; personnel qualifications; and other trade practices. We also are subject to inspection by the Agencies and regulatory authorities. Our failure to comply with these requirements could lead to, among other 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 things, the loss of a license as an approved Agency lender, the inability to gain additional approvals or licenses, the termination of contractual rights without compensation, demands for indemnification or loan repurchases, class action lawsuits and administrative enforcement actions. As a registered broker-dealer, one of our subsidiaries is subject to extensive regulation that exposes us to a variety of risks associated with the securities industry. Broker-dealer and other financial services firms are subject to extensive regulatory requirements under federal and state laws and regulations and self-regulatory organization SRO rules. One of our subsidiary entities, Zelman Partners, LLC Zelman Partners is registered with the SEC as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and in the states in which Zelman Partners conducts securities business and is a member of FINRA and other SROs. Zelman Partners is subject to regulation, examination and disciplinary action by the SEC, FINRA and state securities regulators, as well as other governmental authorities and SROs with which Zelman Partners is registered or licensed or of which Zelman Partners is a member. The regulations applicable to broker-dealers depend in part on the nature of the business conducted by the broker-dealer, and generally cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among other things, sales practices, fee arrangements, disclosures to clients, capital adequacy, use and safekeeping of clients funds and securities, recordkeeping and reporting and the qualification and conduct of officers, employees and independent contractors. As part of this regulatory scheme, broker-dealers are subject to regular and special examinations by the SEC and FINRA intended to determine their compliance with securities laws, regulations and rules. Following an examination s conclusion, a broker-dealer may receive a deficiency letter identifying potential compliance or supervisory weaknesses or rule violations which the firm must address. Any such proceeding against Zelman Partners, or any of its associated persons, could harm our reputation, cause us to lose clients or fail to gain new clients and have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations will be largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, supervision, recordkeeping and reporting and audit systems and procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance, audit and risk management personnel. While we have adopted policies and procedures we believe are reasonably designed to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, these systems and procedures may not be fully effective, and there can be no assurance that regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with respect to our past or future compliance with applicable regulations. If we fail to comply with laws, regulations and market standards regarding the privacy, use, and security of customer information, or if we are the target of a successful cyber-attack, we may be subject to legal and regulatory actions and our reputation would be harmed. We receive, maintain, and store non-public personal information of our customers. The technology and other controls and processes designed to secure our customer information and to prevent, detect, and remedy any unauthorized access to that information were designed to obtain reasonable, not absolute, assurance that such information is secure and that any unauthorized access is identified and addressed appropriately. We, and our service providers, are regularly subject to and expect to continue to experience cyberattacks that are increasingly sophisticated, that are often designed to evade detection, and/or that seek to damage or disrupt our network, as well as those of our service providers, and other information systems. Certain of these cyberattacks have resulted in unauthorized access by third parties to information that we receive, maintain and store in the course of our business. Although these cyberattacks have not resulted in material financial impacts or disruptions to our business, given the accelerating scope, sophistication, and frequency of cyberattacks, there can be no assurance that the incidents we have experienced or any future incident will not materially impact our security, operations and financial results. Future cyberattacks, or the perception thereof, could result in a loss of data, operational disruptions, and even lost business and goodwill. Additionally, we could incur significant costs associated with the recovery from a cyber-attack, and these costs may exceed, or the events to which they relate, may be excluded from, coverage under, our cyber insurance. If customer information is inappropriately accessed and used by a third party or an employee for illegal purposes, such as identity theft, we may be responsible for any losses the affected applicant or borrower may have incurred as a result of misappropriation. In such an instance, we may be liable to a governmental authority for fines or penalties associated with a lapse in the integrity and security of our customers' information. Additionally, if we are the target of a successful cyberattack, we may experience reputational harm that could impact our standing with our borrowers and adversely impact our financial results. We regularly update our existing information technology systems and install new technologies when deemed necessary and regularly provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks and physical security to address the risk of cyber-attacks and other security breaches. However, such preventative measures may not be sufficient to prevent future cyberattacks or a breach of customer information. Additionally, most of our employees work remotely and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. While we have designed our controls and processes to operate in a remote working environment, there is a heightened risk such controls and processes may not detect or prevent unauthorized access to our information systems. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, we need to comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. For example, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective on May 25, 2018, and the State of California adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ). Both the GDPR and the CCPA impose additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provide certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Compliance with existing, proposed and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements called for under the GDPR) and regulations can be costly; any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks. Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL may have the effect of deterring a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock. We are subject to the business combination provisions of the MGCL that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of our then outstanding voting power of our capital stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of our then outstanding voting power of our then outstanding capital stock) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose fair price or supermajority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations. These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by a board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. The control share provisions of the MGCL provide that holders of control shares of the Company (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy) entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct and indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the acquirer of control shares, our officers and our personnel who are also our directors. Certain provisions of the MGCL permit our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to adopt certain mechanisms, some of which (for example, a classified board) we do not yet have. These provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of the Company under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then current market price. Our charter contains a provision whereby we elect to be subject to the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors. Our authorized but unissued shares of common and preferred stock may prevent a change in control of the Company. Our charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of shares of our common stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our board of directors may establish a class or series of common or preferred stock with preferences, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with, the rights of holders of our common stock or that could delay, defer, or prevent a transaction or a change in control of the Company that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit our stockholders recourse in the event actions are taken that are not in our stockholders best interests. Under Maryland law generally, a director is required to perform his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the Company and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 circumstances. Under Maryland law, directors are presumed to have acted with this standard of care. In addition, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. Our charter and bylaws obligate us to indemnify our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. In addition, we are obligated to advance the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our charter and bylaws. Our charter contains limitations on our stockholders ability to remove our directors, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management. Our charter provides that a director may only be removed for cause upon the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. Vacancies may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum. These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors and may delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of the Company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. We are a holding company with minimal direct operations and rely largely on funds received from our subsidiaries for our cash requirements. We are a holding company and conduct the majority of our operations through Walker Dunlop, LLC, our operating company. We do not have, apart from our ownership of this operating company and certain other subsidiaries, any significant independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from our operating company to pay any dividends we might declare on shares of our common stock. We also rely largely on distributions from this operating company to meet any of our cash requirements, including our tax liability on taxable income allocated to us and debt payments. In addition, because we are a holding company, any claims from common stockholders are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities (whether or not for borrowed money) and any preferred equity of our operating company. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, our assets and those of our operating company will be able to satisfy the claims of our common stockholders only after all of our and our operating company's liabilities and any preferred equity have been paid in full. Risks Related to Our Financial Statements Our financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if wrong, could result in unexpected cash and non-cash losses in the future, and our financial statements depend on our internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves and the fair value of MSRs, among other items. We make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management judgment. These and other assets and liabilities may have no direct observable price levels, making their valuation particularly subjective as they are based on significant estimation and judgment. Several of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, losses may be greater than those expectations. Our existing goodwill could become impaired, which may require us to take significant non-cash charges. Under current accounting guidelines, we evaluate our goodwill at each of our reporting units for potential impairment annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. In addition to the annual impairment evaluation, we evaluate at least quarterly whether events or circumstances have occurred in the period subsequent to the annual impairment testing which indicate that it is more likely than not an impairment loss has occurred. Any impairment of goodwill as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, which charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders equity, and our stock price. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Any factor described in this filing or in any of our other SEC filings could by itself, or together with other factors, adversely affect our financial results and condition. Refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC in 2023 for material changes to the above discussion of risk factors. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Our principal headquarters are located in Bethesda, Maryland. We believe there is adequate alternative office space available at acceptable rental rates to meet our needs, although adverse movements in rental rates in some markets may negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows when we execute new leases. Item 3. Legal Proceeding s . In the ordinary course of business, we may be party to various claims and litigation, none of which we believe is material. We cannot predict the outcome of any pending litigation and may be subject to consequences that could include fines, penalties, and other costs, and our reputation and business may be impacted. Our management believes that any liability that could be imposed on us in connection with the disposition of any pending lawsuits would not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol WD. In connection with our initial public offering, our common stock began trading on the NYSE on December 15, 2010. As of the close of business on January 31, 2023, there were 24 stockholders of record. We believe that the number of beneficial holders is much greater. Dividend Policy During 2022, our Board of Directors declared, and we paid, four quarterly dividends totaling 2.40 per share. In February 2023, our Board of Directors declared a dividend for the first quarter of 2023 of 0.63 per share, a 5 increase over the dividend declared for the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect to make regular quarterly dividend payments for the foreseeable future. Our current and projected dividends provide a return to stockholders while retaining sufficient capital to continue investing in the growth of our business. Our Term Loan (defined in Item 7 below) contains direct restrictions on the amount of dividends we may pay, and our warehouse debt facilities and agreements with the Agencies contain minimum equity, liquidity, and other capital requirements that indirectly restrict the amount of dividends we may pay . While the dividend level remains a decision of our Board of Directors, it is subject to these direct and indirect restrictions, and will continue to be evaluated in the context of future business performance. We currently believe that we can support future comparable quarterly dividend payments, barring significant unforeseen events. Stock Performance Graph The following chart graphs our performance in the form of a cumulative five-year total return to holders of our common stock since December 31, 2017 in comparison to the Standard and Poor s S P 500 and the S P 600 Small Cap Financials Index for that same five-year period. We believe that the S P 600 Small Cap Financials Index is an appropriate index to compare us with other companies in our industry and that it is a widely recognized and used index for which components and total return information are readily accessible to our security holders to assist in their understanding of our performance relative to other companies in our industry. The comparison below assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the indices shown and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. Our stock price performance shown in the following graph is not indicative of future performance or relative performance in comparison to the indices. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, subject to the Company s approval, grantees have the option of electing to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations at the time of vesting or exercise by allowing the Company to withhold and purchase the shares of stock otherwise issuable to the grantee. For the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 19 thousand shares and 348 thousand shares, respectively, to satisfy grantee tax withholding obligations on share-vesting events. We announced a share repurchase program in the first quarter of 2022. The repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors permits us to repurchase up to 75.0 million of shares of our common stock over a 12-month period ending February 12, 2023. We purchased 109 thousand shares under this share repurchase program. The Company had 63.9 million of authorized share repurchase capacity remaining as of December 31, 2022. In February 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 75.0 million of shares of our common stock over a 12-month period beginning on February 23, 2023. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides information regarding common stock repurchases for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022: 

Total Number of Approximate Shares Purchased as Dollar Value Total Number Average Part of Publicly of Shares that May of Shares Price Paid Announced Plans Yet Be Purchased Under Period Purchased per Share or Programs the Plans or Programs 1st Quarter 195,431 138.28 2nd Quarter 119,303 103.09 109,052 3rd Quarter 13,899 103.31 October 1-31, 2022 3,093 83.73 63,901,743 November 1-30, 2022 51 90.04 63,901,743 December 1-31, 2022 16,249 80.89 63,901,743 4th Quarter 19,393 81.36 63,901,743 Total 348,026 109,052 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our employee share-based compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements that include risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or contemplated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth under the headings Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business Walker Dunlop, Inc. is a holding company, and we conduct the majority of our operations through Walker Dunlop, LLC, our primary operating company. We are one of the leading commercial real estate services and finance companies in the United States, with a primary focus on multifamily lending and property sales, commercial real estate debt brokerage, and affordable housing investment management. We originate, sell, and service a range of multifamily and other commercial real estate financing products to owners and developers of commercial real estate across the country, provide multifamily property sales brokerage and appraisal services in various regions throughout the United States, and engage in commercial real estate and affordable housing investment management activities. We are a leader in commercial real estate technology, developing and acquiring technology resources that (i) provide innovative solutions and a better experience for our customers and (ii) allow us to reach a broader customer base. We originate and sell multifamily loans through the programs of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, and HUD, with which we have licenses and long-established relationships. We retain servicing rights and asset management responsibilities on nearly all loans that we originate for the Agencies programs. We are approved as a Fannie Mae DUS lender nationally, a Freddie Mac Optigo lender nationally for Conventional, Seniors Housing, Targeted Affordable Housing and Small Balance Loans, a HUD MAP lender nationally, a HUD LEAN lender nationally, and a Ginnie Mae issuer. We broker and service loans for many life insurance companies, commercial banks, and other institutional investors, in which cases we do not fund the loan but rather act as a loan broker. Fannie Mae recently announced that we ranked as its largest DUS lender in 2022, by loan deliveries, for the fourth consecutive year, and Freddie Mac recently announced that we ranked as its 3rd largest Freddie Mac lender in 2022, by loan deliveries. Our market share with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac grew to 12.7 on a combined basis, by loan deliveries, elevating us to the largest lender with the GSEs for the first time in our Company s history. Additionally, we were the 2 nd largest overall lender for HUD in 2022 based on initial endorsements . 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 We fund loans for the Agencies programs, generally through warehouse facility financings, and sell them to investors in accordance with the related loan sale commitment, which we obtain at rate lock. Proceeds from the sale of the loan are used to pay off the warehouse facility. The sale of the loan is typically completed within 60 days after the loan is closed, and we retain the right to service substantially all of these loans. In cases where we do not fund the loan, we act as a loan broker and service some of the loans. Our mortgage bankers who focus on loan brokerage are engaged by borrowers to work with a variety of institutional lenders to find the most appropriate loan. These loans are then funded directly by the institutional lender, and for those brokered loans we service, we collect ongoing servicing fees while those loans remain in our servicing portfolio. The servicing fees we typically earn on brokered loan transactions are substantially lower than the servicing fees we earn on Agency loans. We recognize revenue when we make simultaneous commitments to originate a loan to a borrower and sell that loan to an investor. The revenues earned reflect the fair value attributable to loan origination fees, premiums on the sale of loans, net of any co-broker fees, and the fair value of the expected net cash flows associated with servicing the loans, net of any guaranty obligations retained. We also recognize revenue when we receive the origination fee from a brokered loan transaction. Other transaction-related sources of revenue include (i) net warehouse interest income we earn while the loan is held for sale, (ii) net warehouse interest income from loans held for investment while they are outstanding, (iii) sales commissions for brokering the sale of multifamily properties, and (iv) syndication and transaction-based asset management fees from our investment management activities. We retain servicing rights on substantially all the loans we originate and sell and generate revenues from the fees we receive for servicing the loans, from the interest income on escrow deposits held on behalf of borrowers, and from other ancillary fees. Servicing fees set at the time an investor agrees to purchase the loan are generally paid monthly for the duration of the loan and are based on the unpaid principal balance of the loan. Our Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac servicing arrangements generally provide for prepayment to us in the event of a voluntary prepayment. For loans serviced outside of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, we typically do not have similar prepayment protections. We are currently not exposed to unhedged interest rate risk during the loan commitment, closing, and delivery process. The sale or placement of each loan to an investor is negotiated concurrently with establishing the coupon rate for the loan. We also seek to mitigate the risk of a loan not closing. We have agreements in place with the Agencies that specify the cost of a failed loan delivery in the event we fail to deliver the loan to the investor. To protect us against such fees, we require a deposit from the borrower at rate lock that is typically more than the potential fee. The deposit is returned to the borrower only once the loan is closed. Any potential loss from a catastrophic change in the property condition while the loan is held for sale using warehouse facility financing is mitigated through property insurance equal to replacement cost. We are also protected contractually from an investor s failure to purchase the loan. We have experienced a de minimis number of failed deliveries in our history and have incurred immaterial losses on such failed deliveries. We have risk-sharing obligations on substantially all loans we originate under the Fannie Mae DUS program. When a Fannie Mae DUS loan is subject to full risk-sharing, we absorb losses on the first 5 of the unpaid principal balance of a loan at the time of loss settlement, and above 5 we share a percentage of the loss with Fannie Mae, with our maximum loss capped at 20 of the original unpaid principal balance of the loan (subject to doubling or tripling if the loan does not meet specific underwriting criteria or if the loan defaults within 12 months of its sale to Fannie Mae). Our full risk-sharing is currently limited to loans up to 300 million, which equates to a maximum loss per loan of 60 million (such exposure would occur in the event that the underlying collateral is determined to be completely without value at the time of loss). For loans in excess of 300 million, we receive modified risk-sharing. We also may request modified risk-sharing at the time of origination on loans below 300 million, which reduces our potential risk-sharing losses from the levels described above if we do not believe that we are being fully compensated for the risks of the transactions. The full risk-sharing limit in prior years was less than 300 million. Accordingly, loans originated in those prior years were subject to risk-sharing at much lower levels. Our servicing fees for risk-sharing loans include compensation for the risk-sharing obligations and are larger than the servicing fees we receive from Fannie Mae for loans with no risk-sharing obligations. Our Interim Program offers floating-rate, interest-only loans for terms of generally up to three years to experienced borrowers seeking to acquire or reposition multifamily properties that do not currently qualify for permanent financing. We underwrite, asset-manage, and service all loans executed through the Interim Program. The ultimate goal of the Interim Program is to provide permanent Agency financing on these transitional properties. The Interim Program has two distinct executions: the Interim Program JV and the Interim Loan Program. The Interim Program JV assumes full risk of loss while the loans it originates are outstanding. We hold a 15 ownership interest in the Interim Program JV and are responsible for sourcing, underwriting, servicing, and asset-managing the loans originated by the joint venture. The joint venture funds its operations using a combination of equity contributions from its owners and third-party credit facilities. We originate and hold the Interim Loan Program loans for investment, which are included on our balance sheet. During the time that these loans are outstanding, we assume the full risk of loss. As of December 31, 2022, we had nine loans held for investment under the Interim Loan Program with an aggregate outstanding unpaid principal balance of 206.8 million. One loan with a balance of 14.7 million is currently in default. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 86.3 million of the 339.1 million of interim loan originations were executed through the joint venture, with the remainder originated through our Interim Loan Program. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 860.0 million of the 1.4 billion of interim loan originations were executed through the joint venture. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we asset-managed 892.8 million and 848.2 million, respectively, of interim loans on behalf of the Interim Program JV. Through WDIS, we offer property sales brokerage services to owners and developers of multifamily properties that are seeking to sell these properties. Through these property sales brokerage services, we seek to maximize proceeds and certainty of closure for our clients using our knowledge of the commercial real estate and capital markets and relying on our experienced transaction professionals. Our property sales services are offered in various regions throughout the United States. We have added several property sales brokerage teams over the past few years and continue to seek to add other property sales brokers, with the goal of continuing to expand the depth and number of regions covered by our brokerage services. WDIP, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is part of our strategy to grow and diversify the Company by growing our investment management platform. WDIP is a registered investment adviser and general partner of private commercial real estate investment funds focused on the management of debt, preferred equity, and mezzanine equity investments through private middle-market commercial real estate funds and separately managed accounts. WDIP s current AUM of 1.4 billion primarily consist of four sources: Fund III, Fund IV, Fund V, and Fund VI (collectively, the Funds ), and separate accounts managed for life insurance companies. AUM for the Funds and for the separate accounts consists of both unfunded commitments and funded investments. Unfunded commitments are highest during the fund raising and investment phases. AUM disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may differ from regulatory assets under management disclosed on WDIP s Form ADV. WDIP typically receives management fees based on limited partner capital commitments, unfunded investment commitments, and funded investments. Additionally, with respect to Fund III, Fund IV, Fund V and Fund VI, WDIP receives a percentage of the profits above the fund expenses and preferred return specified in the fund offering agreements. Through Alliant, we are the 6 th largest tax credit syndicator in the U.S., and an affordable housing developer. Alliant is part of our strategy to grow our investment management platform and to strengthen our position in the affordable housing space. Alliant manages 14.5 billion of affordable AUM and has an established tax syndication and affordable housing development platform from which we earn investment management, syndication, and other LIHTC related fees. As of December 31, 2022, our servicing portfolio was 123.1 billion, up 6 from December 31, 2021, which was the 8 th largest commercial/multifamily primary and master servicing portfolio in the nation according to the Mortgage Bankers Association s MBA 2022 year-end survey (the Survey ). Our servicing portfolio includes 59.2 billion of loans serviced for Fannie Mae and 37.8 billion for Freddie Mac, making us the 1 st and 4 th largest servicer of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac multifamily loans in the nation, respectively, according to the Survey. Also included in our servicing portfolio is 9.9 billion of multifamily HUD loans, the 4 th largest HUD primary and master servicing portfolio in the nation according to the Survey. The average number of our mortgage bankers decreased from 163 during 2021 to 161 during 2022 due to voluntary turnover and a slowing in hiring initiatives in line with the slowdown in our debt financing volumes due to the macroeconomic conditions, from a total of 48.9 billion during 2021 to a total of 43.7 billion during 2022. Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all of the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, and all intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Critical Accounting Estimates Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates based on certain judgments and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and affect reported amounts. The estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors management believes to be reasonable. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions and the use of different judgments and assumptions may have a material impact on our results. The following critical accounting estimates involve significant estimation uncertainty that may have or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Additional information about our critical accounting estimates and other significant accounting policies are discussed in NOTE 2 of the consolidated financial statements. Mortgage Servicing Rights MSRs ). MSRs are recorded at fair value at loan sale. The fair value at loan sale MSR is based on estimates of expected net cash flows associated with the servicing rights and takes into consideration an estimate of loan prepayment. Initially, 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 the fair value amount is included as a component of the derivative asset fair value at the loan commitment date. The estimated net cash flows from servicing, which includes assumptions for discount rate, escrow earnings, prepayment speed, and servicing costs, are discounted at a rate that reflects the credit and liquidity risk of the MSR over the estimated life of the underlying loan. The discount rates used throughout the periods presented for all MSRs were between 8-14 during 2022 and 2021 and 10-15 during 2020 and varied based on the loan type. The life of the underlying loan is estimated giving consideration to the prepayment provisions in the loan and assumptions about loan behaviors around those provisions. Our model for MSRs assumes no prepayment prior to the expiration of the prepayment provisions and full prepayment of the loan at or near the point when the prepayment provisions have expired. The estimated net cash flows also include cash flows related to the future earnings on the escrow accounts associated with servicing the loans that are based on an escrow earnings rate assumption. We include a servicing cost assumption to account for our expected costs to service a loan. The servicing cost assumption has had a de minimus impact on the estimate historically. We record an individual MSR asset (or liability) for each loan at loan sale. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of capitalized MSRs are developed internally and are periodically compared to assumptions used by other market participants. Due to the relatively few transactions in the multifamily MSR market and the lack of significant changes in assumptions by market participants, we have experienced limited volatility in the assumptions historically, including the assumption that most significantly impacts the estimate: the discount rate. We do not expect to see significant volatility in the assumptions for the foreseeable future. We actively monitor the assumptions used and make adjustments to those assumptions when market conditions change, or other factors indicate such adjustments are warranted. Over the past two years, we have adjusted the escrow earnings rate assumption several times to reflect the current and expected future earnings rate projected for the life of the MSR. Additionally, we adjusted the discount rate at the beginning of 2021 to mirror changes observed from market participants. We engage a third party to assist in determining an estimated fair value of our existing and outstanding MSRs on at least a semi-annual basis. Changes in our discount rate assumptions may materially impact the fair value of the MSRs (NOTE 3 of the consolidated financial statements details the portfolio-level impact of a change in the discount rate). Allowance for Risk-Sharing Obligations. This reserve liability (referred to as allowance for risk-sharing obligations relates to our Fannie Mae at-risk servicing portfolio and is presented as a separate liability on our balance sheets. We record an estimate of the loss reserve for the current expected credit losses CECL for all loans in our Fannie Mae at-risk servicing portfolio using the weighted-average remaining maturity method WARM ). WARM uses an average annual loss rate that contains loss content over multiple vintages and loan terms and is used as a foundation for estimating the CECL reserve. The average annual loss rate is applied to the estimated unpaid principal balance over the contractual term, adjusted for estimated prepayments and amortization to arrive at the CECL reserve for the entire current portfolio as described further below. We currently use one year for our reasonable and supportable forecast period forecast period as we believe forecasts beyond one year are inherently less reliable. During the forecast period we apply an adjusted loss factor based on economic and unemployment forecasts from a market survey and a blended loss rate from historical periods that we believe reflect the forecast from the survey. We revert to the historical loss rate over a one-year period on a straight-line basis. Over the past couple of years, the loss rate used in the forecast period has been updated to reflect our expectations of the economic conditions over the coming year in relation to the historical period. For example, in the second quarter of 2022, we updated the loss rate used in the forecast period from three basis points to 2.2 basis points and made multiple revisions after the onset of the pandemic in 2020. Changes in the loss rate used in the forecast period have significantly impacted the estimate in the past. One of the key components of a WARM calculation is the runoff rate, which is the expected rate at which loans in the current portfolio will amortize and prepay in the future based on our historical prepayment and amortization experience. We group loans by similar origination dates (vintage) and contractual maturity terms for purposes of calculating the runoff rate. We originate loans under the DUS program with various terms generally ranging from several years to 15 years; each of these various loan terms has a different runoff rate. The runoff rates applied to each vintage and contractual maturity term is determined using historical data; however, changes in prepayment and amortization behavior may significantly impact the estimate. We have not experienced significant changes in the runoff rate since we implemented CECL in 2020. The weighted-average annual loss rate is calculated using a 10-year look-back period, utilizing the average portfolio balance and settled losses for each year. A 10-year period is used as we believe that this period of time includes sufficiently different economic conditions to generate a reasonable estimate of expected results in the future, given the relatively long-term nature of the current portfolio. As the weighted-average annual loss rate utilizes a rolling 10-year look-back period, the loss rate used in the estimate will change as loss data from earlier periods in the look-back period continue to fall off and as new loss data are added. For example, in the first quarter of 2022, loss data from earlier periods in the look-back period fell off and were replaced with more recent loss data, resulting in the weighted-average annual loss rate changing from 1.8 basis points to 1.2 basis points. Changes in our expectations and forecasts have materially impacted, and in the future may materially impact, the estimate. Based on our historical loss data, our historical loss rate will decrease again in 2023, which may result in lower CECL reserves. In 2022, we had our first loss settlement in six years. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 NOTE 4 of the consolidated financial statements outlines adjustments made in the loss rates used to account for the expected economic conditions as of a given period and the related impact on the estimate. We evaluate our risk-sharing loans on a quarterly basis to determine whether there are loans that are probable of default. Specifically, we assess a loan s qualitative and quantitative risk factors, such as payment status, property financial performance, local real estate market conditions, loan-to-value ratio, debt-service-coverage ratio, and property condition. When a loan is determined to be probable of default based on these factors, we remove the loan from the WARM calculation and individually assess the loan for potential credit loss. This assessment requires certain judgments and assumptions to be made regarding the property values and other factors, that may differ significantly from actual results. Loss settlement with Fannie Mae has historically concluded within 18 to 36 months after foreclosure. Historically, the initial collateral-based reserves have not varied significantly from the final settlement. We actively monitor the judgments and assumptions used in our Allowance for Risk-Sharing Obligation estimate and make adjustments to those assumptions when market conditions change, or when other factors indicate such adjustments are warranted. We believe the level of Allowance for Risk-Sharing Obligation is appropriate based on our expectations of future market conditions; however, changes in one or more of the judgments or assumptions used above could have a significant impact on the estimate. Contingent Consideration Liabilities. The Company typically includes an earnout as part of the consideration paid for acquisitions to align the long-term interests of the acquiree with the Company. These earnouts contain milestones for achievement, which typically are revenue, revenue-like, or productivity measurements. If the milestone is achieved, the acquiree is paid the additional consideration. Upon acquisition, the Company is required to estimate the fair value of the earnout and include that fair value measurement as a component of the total consideration paid in the calculation of goodwill. The fair value of the earnout is recorded as a contingent consideration liability and included within Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and adjusted to the estimated fair value at the end of each reporting period. The determination of the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities requires significant management judgment and unobservable inputs to (i) determine forecasts and scenarios of future revenues, net cash flows and certain other performance metrics, (ii) assign a probability of achievement for the forecasts and scenarios, and (iii) select a discount rate. A Monte Carlo simulation analysis is used to determine many iterations of potential fair values. The average of these iterations is then used to determine the estimated fair value. We typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists to assist with the fair value estimation. The probability of the earnout achievement is based on management s estimate of the expected future performance and other financial metrics of each of the acquired entities, which are subject to significant uncertainty. Changes to the aforementioned inputs impact the estimate; for example, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a net 13.5 million reduction to the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities based primarily on revised management forecasts of the financial performance of the entities over the remaining earnout period. The aggregate fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was 200.3 million. This fair value represents management s best estimate of the discounted cash payments that will be made in the future for all of our contingent consideration arrangements. The maximum remaining undiscounted earnout payments as of December 31, 2022 was 319 million. Over the past two years, we have made two large acquisitions that included significant amounts of contingent consideration to maximize alignment of the key principals and management teams. The earnouts completed prior to 2021 involved businesses that operated in our core debt financing business and involved substantially smaller amounts of contingent consideration as compared to the two aforementioned acquisitions. Goodwill . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we reported goodwill of 959.7 million and 698.6 million, respectively. Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the identifiable net assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit to which the acquisition relates. Goodwill is recognized as an asset and is reviewed for impairment annually on October 1. Between the annual evaluation time, we will perform an evaluation of recoverability, when events and circumstances indicate that it is more-likely-than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. Impairment testing requires an assessment of qualitative factors to determine if there are indicators of potential impairment, followed by, if necessary, an assessment of quantitative factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, whether there has been a significant or adverse change in the business climate that could affect the value of an asset and/or significant or adverse changes in cash flow projections or earnings forecasts. These assessments require management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates about projected cash flows, discount rates and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, we continue to believe the goodwill at each of our reporting units is not impaired. Overview of Current Business Environment The market s transition from a historically low interest rate environment to a rising interest rate environment disrupted certain sectors of the lending market, with the most acute impacts felt initially in the consumer lending sector (e.g., residential mortgages, auto lending, and consumer credit). Although the commercial real estate debt and property sales markets began the year strong, volatility in long-term interest 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 rates disrupted certain segments of the commercial real estate lending environment during the second half of 2022, particularly during the fourth quarter. Despite this volatility, our total transaction volumes only decreased 7 from 2021, with the largest decreases in our debt brokerage (13 and HUD originations (52 ). The decrease in total transaction volumes was partially offset by an increase in our GSE lending (5 and multifamily property sales (2 ). Beginning in May 2022, the Federal Reserve s stance on inflation became more aggressive with seven consecutive increases in the Federal Funds Rate totaling 4.25 , which brought the rate to a target range of 4.50 to 4.75 as of January 2023. The Federal Reserve continues to signal that it anticipates additional increases in the target range and will continue the reduction of its holdings in Treasury securities and Agency mortgage-backed securities Agency MBS until the inflation rate returns to the Federal Reserve s long-term target. Both of these actions by the Federal Reserve have resulted in a significant increase in medium to long-term mortgage interest rates, which form the basis of most of our lending. As the Federal Reserve continues to combat inflation by increasing interest rates, we expect commercial real estate debt and property sales transaction activity to slow down from peaks earlier in the year 2022. Certain products were impacted more than others, with debt brokerage executions in non-multifamily assets classes being impacted the most, as banks and life insurance companies continued to pull back and potentially increase capital reserves in the short-term. However, we anticipate Agency lending volumes to remain steady going into 2023 as the Agencies provide liquidity in countercyclical markets. When the broader capital markets tighten, the Agencies historically step in to provide liquidity to the multifamily borrowing community as they did throughout 2020 and the second half of 2021, and as one of the largest providers of capital to the multifamily sector, we are well positioned. As interest rates increased rapidly over the last several months, and liquidity in the capital markets tightened, we have experienced declines in credit spreads to offset a portion of the interest rate increases. Although our lending activity with the Agencies is expected to remain stable going into 2023, the servicing fees on new loans and associated profitability of those executions is expected to remain at relatively lower than historical levels, consistent with the second half of 2022. We are a market-leading originator with the Agencies, and we believe our market leadership positions us well to continue gaining market share and remain a significant lender with the Agencies for the foreseeable future. Despite significant market volatility caused by geopolitical risks, high inflation rate, rapidly rising interest rates, multifamily property fundamentals remain healthy. According to RealPage, a provider of commercial real estate data and analytics, vacancies have risen from their March 2022 lows to 5.0 as of December 2022 and are expected to increase in the coming months; however, national vacancy rates still remain below historical averages. Additionally, rent collections remain strong at pre-pandemic levels and increased year-over-year, despite inflationary pressures and high rent growth over the past two years. Also, the national unemployment rate continues to fall, reaching a pre-pandemic low of 3.5 as of December 2022. We believe the unemployment rate is an important determinant of future multifamily property performance. The FHFA establishes loan origination caps for both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac each year. In November 2022, the FHFA established Fannie Mae s and Freddie Mac s 2023 loan origination caps at 75 billion each for all multifamily business, a 4 decrease from the 2022 caps. During 2022, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had multifamily origination volumes of 69.2 billion and 72.8 billion, respectively, down 0.3 and up 3.7 , respectively, from 2021. The decline in the GSEs origination volumes was primarily driven by the volatile and uncertain macroeconomic conditions in 2022. The decrease to the GSEs lending caps in 2023 is not expected to have a material impact on the competitiveness of either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, as they continue to have sufficient capital to meet market demand. Our multifamily property sales volumes grew slightly during the year as we had strong volumes during the first half of 2022 as (i) the multifamily acquisitions market was very active during the first half of the year, and (ii) we expanded the number of property sales brokers and the geographical reach of our property sales platform. The strong volumes in the first half were offset by slowdowns in volumes during the second half of 2022, due to the macroeconomic conditions discussed above. Long term, we believe the market fundamentals will continue to be positive for multifamily property sales. Over the last several years, household formation and a dearth of supply of entry-level single-family homes led to strong demand for rental housing in many geographic areas. Consequently, the fundamentals of the multifamily property sales market were strong prior to the pandemic, and, when combined with high occupancy and retention rates and rising real-estate prices, it is our expectation that market demand for multifamily property sales will remain strong as this asset class remains an attractive investment option. Our debt brokerage platform had lower volumes in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a substantial decrease in the transaction volume in the second half of the year because of the volatile interest rate environment that in turn drove a pullback of liquidity from banks, life insurance companies, and securitization markets. As the interest rate environment begins to stabilize, we expect liquidity to slowly return to the market. As noted above, our debt financing operations with HUD declined during 2022. HUD loan volumes accounted for 2.6 total debt financing volumes in 2022 compared to 4.8 in 2021. The decline in HUD debt financing volumes as a percentage of our total debt financing volumes was driven by lower aggregate HUD lending volumes industry-wide, as the increasing interest-rate environment discussed above more acutely impacted the HUD product given the longer lead times associated with HUD executions. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our originations with the Agencies are our most profitable executions as they provide significant non-cash gains from MSRs that turn into significant cash revenue streams from future servicing fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, servicing fees were up 8 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the 7.4 billion increase in the servicing portfolio unpaid principal balance UPB ). A decline in our Agency originations would negatively impact our financial results, as our non-cash revenues would decrease disproportionately with debt financing volume and future servicing fee revenue would be constrained or decline. We entered into the Interim Program JV to both increase the overall capital available to transitional multifamily properties and to dramatically expand our capacity to originate Interim Program loans. The demand for transitional lending has brought increased competition from lenders, specifically banks, mortgage real estate investment trusts, and life insurance companies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated 86.3 million of Interim Program JV loans, compared to 860.0 million of originations in 2021. The volatile macroeconomic conditions led us to reduce our lending activity on transitional assets. We expect our lending volumes for transitional assets to remain low until economic conditions normalize. Except for one loan that defaulted in early 2019, the loans in our portfolio and in the Interim Program JV continue to perform as agreed. Our subsidiary, Alliant, which provides alternative investment management services focused on the affordable housing sector through LIHTC syndication, joint venture development, and community preservation fund management remains the 6 th largest LIHTC syndicator despite the economic challenges mentioned above. We continue to approach the affordable housing space with a combined LIHTC syndication and affordable housing service offering that we believe will generate significant financing, property sales, and syndication opportunities. Additionally, as part of FHFA s 2023 loan origination caps of 150 billion announced in November 2022, at least 50 of the GSEs multifamily business is required to be targeted towards affordable housing. We expect these initiatives will create additional growth opportunities for both Alliant and our debt financing and property sales teams focused on affordable housing. Factors That May Impact Our Operating Results We believe that our results are affected by a number of factors, including the items discussed below. Performance of Multifamily and Other Commercial Real Estate Related Markets. Our business is dependent on the general demand for, and value of, commercial real estate and related services, particularly multifamily, which are sensitive to long-term mortgage interest rates and other macroeconomic conditions and the continued existence of the GSEs. Demand for multifamily and other commercial real estate generally increases during stronger economic environments, resulting in increased property values, transaction volumes, and loan origination volumes. During weaker economic environments, multifamily and other commercial real estate may experience higher property vacancies, lower demand and reduced values. These conditions can result in lower property transaction volumes and loan originations, as well as an increased level of servicer advances and losses from our Fannie Mae DUS risk-sharing obligations and our interim lending program. The Level of Losses from Fannie Mae Risk-Sharing Obligations. Under the Fannie Mae DUS program, we share risk of loss on most loans we sell to Fannie Mae. In the majority of cases, we absorb the first 5 of any losses on the loan s unpaid principal balance at the time of loss settlement, and above 5 we share a percentage of the loss with Fannie Mae, with our maximum loss generally capped at 20 of the loan s unpaid principal balance on the origination date. As a result, a rise in defaults could have a material adverse effect on us. The Price of Loans in the Secondary Market. Our profitability is determined in part by the price we are paid for the loans we originate. A component of our origination related revenues is the premium we recognize on the sale of a loan. Stronger investor demand typically results in larger premiums while weaker demand results in little to no premium. Market for Servicing Commercial Real Estate Loans. Servicing fee rates for new loans are set at the time we enter into a loan sale commitment based on origination fees, competition, prepayment rates, and any risk-sharing obligations we undertake. Changes in servicing fee rates impact the value of our MSRs and future servicing revenues, which could impact our profit margins and operating results immediately and over time. The Overall Loan Origination Mix. The loan product mix we originate can significantly impact our overall operating results. For example, an increase in loan origination volume for our two highest-margin products, Fannie Mae and HUD loans, without a change in total loan origination volume would increase our overall profitability, while a decrease in the loan origination volume of these two products without a change in total loan origination volume would decrease our overall profitability, all else equal. The Affordable Housing Market. The profitability of our LIHTC operations is impacted by the demand for and the financial performance of the affordable housing market and the continued existence of income tax credits for these properties. For example, 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 we earn syndication fees based on new funds we are able to syndicate for investors and asset management fees based on performance of the underlying LIHTC properties and dispositions of these properties. Strong demand for LIHTC properties typically results in opportunities for syndication of LIHTC funds and high prices for dispositions. 
 Revenues Loan Origination and Debt Brokerage Fees, net. Loan origination fee revenue is recognized when we record a derivative asset upon the simultaneous commitments to originate a loan with a borrower and sell to an investor or when a loan that we broker closes with the institutional lender. The commitment asset related to the loan origination fee is recognized at fair value, which reflects the fair value of the contractual loan origination related fees and any sale premiums, net of co-broker fees. Also included in revenues from loan origination activities are changes to the fair value of loan commitments, forward sale commitments, and loans held for sale that occur during their respective holding periods. Upon sale of the loans, no gains or losses are recognized as these loans are recorded at fair value during their holding periods. Brokered loans tend to have lower origination fees because they often require less time to execute, there is more competition for brokerage assignments, and because the borrower will also have to pay an origination fee to the institutional lender. Premiums received on the sale of a loan result when a loan is sold to an investor for more than its face value. There are various reasons investors may pay a premium when purchasing a loan. For example, the fixed rate on the loan may be higher than the rate of return required by an investor or the characteristics of a particular loan may be desirable to an investor. We do not receive premiums on brokered loans. Fair Value of Expected Net Cash Flows from Servicing, net. Revenue related to expected net cash flows from servicing is recognized at the loan commitment date, similar to the loan origination fees, as described above. The derivative asset is recognized at fair value, which reflects the estimated fair value of the expected net cash flows associated with the servicing of the loan, reduced by the estimated fair value of any guaranty obligations to be assumed. MSRs and guaranty obligations are recognized as assets and liabilities, respectively, upon the sale of the loans. MSRs are recorded at fair value upon loan sale. The fair value is based on estimates of expected net cash flows associated with the servicing rights. The estimated net cash flows are discounted at a rate that reflects the credit and liquidity risk of the MSR over the estimated life of the loan. The Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates section above and NOTE 2 of the consolidated financial statements provide additional details of the accounting for these revenues. Servicing Fees. We service nearly all loans we originate and some loans we broker. We earn servicing fees for performing certain loan servicing functions such as processing loan, tax, and insurance payments and managing escrow balances. Servicing generally also includes asset management functions, such as monitoring the physical condition of the property, analyzing the financial condition and liquidity of the borrower, and performing loss mitigation activities as directed by the Agencies. Our servicing fees on loans we originate provide a stable revenue stream. They are based on contractual terms, are earned over the life of the loan, and are generally not subject to significant prepayment risk. Our Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac servicing agreements provide for prepayment fees in the event of a voluntary prepayment. Accordingly, we currently do not hedge our servicing portfolio for prepayment risk. Any prepayment fees received are included in Other revenues . HUD has the right to terminate our current servicing engagements for cause. In addition to termination for cause, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may terminate our servicing engagements without cause by paying a termination fee. Institutional investors typically may terminate our servicing engagements for brokered loans at any time with or without cause, without paying a termination fee. Property sales broker fees. We earn property broker sales fee revenue when our investment sales team completes the sale of a multifamily investment property or land real estate. The amount of the property sales brokers fees we earn is based upon a percentage of the final sale price of the investment sold. Investment management fees. We manage invested capital from third-party investors through an investment fund structure. The capital placed into the investment fund is utilized to make investments in multifamily investment opportunities, primarily as equity in market-rate or LIHTC generating multifamily properties. We earn an investment management or asset management fee based on a contractual percentage of the invested capital. For market-rate investments, we earn and collect the investment management fees through the returns of the investment funds. For LIHTC investments, we collect the asset management fees AMF through the combination of current payments and asset dispositions. NOTE 2 of the consolidated financial statements provides additional details of the accounting for AMF revenues. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Net Warehouse Interest Income We earn warehouse interest income net of warehouse interest expense. Warehouse interest income is the interest earned from loans held for sale and loans held for investment. Generally, a substantial portion of our loans is financed with matched borrowings under one of our warehouse facilities. The remaining portion of loans not funded with matched borrowings is financed with our own cash. Occasionally, we also fully fund a small number of loans held for sale or loans held for investment with our own cash. Warehouse interest expense is incurred on borrowings used to fund loans solely while they are held for sale or for investment. Warehouse interest income and expense are earned or incurred on loans held for sale after a loan is closed and before a loan is sold. Warehouse interest income and expense are earned or incurred on loans held for investment after a loan is closed and before a loan is repaid. Escrow Earnings and Other Interest Income. We earn fee income on property-level escrow deposits in our servicing portfolio, generally based on a fixed or variable placement fee negotiated with the financial institutions that hold the escrow deposits. Escrow earnings reflect the placement fees net of interest paid to the borrower, if required. Also included with escrow earnings and other interest income are interest earnings from our cash and cash equivalents and interest income earned on our pledged securities. Other Revenues. Other revenues are comprised of fees for processing loan assumptions, prepayment fee income, application fees, property sales broker fees, appraisal revenues, income from equity-method investments, asset management fees, certain revenues from LIHTC operations, and other miscellaneous revenues related to our operations. Costs and Expenses Personnel. Personnel expense includes the cost of employee compensation and benefits, which include fixed and discretionary amounts tied to company and individual performance, commissions, severance expense, signing and retention bonuses, and share-based compensation. Amortization and Depreciation. Amortization and depreciation is principally comprised of amortization of our MSRs, net of amortization of our guaranty obligations. The MSRs are amortized using the interest method over the period that servicing income is expected to be received. We amortize the guaranty obligations evenly over their expected lives. When the loan underlying an MSR prepays, we write off the remaining unamortized balance, net of any related guaranty obligation, and record the write off to Amortization and depreciation . Similarly, when the loan underlying an MSR defaults, we write the MSR off to Amortization and depreciation . We depreciate property, plant, and equipment ratably over their estimated useful lives. Amortization and depreciation also includes the amortization of intangible assets, principally related to the amortization, asset management fee contracts, research subscription contracts, intellectual property, and other intangible assets recognized in connection with acquisitions. For the years presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income, the amortization of intangible assets relates primarily to intangible assets associated with our acquisitions in 2021 and 2022. Provision (Benefit) for Credit Losses. The provision (benefit) for credit losses consists of two components: the provision associated with our risk-sharing loans and the provision associated with our loans held for investment. The provision (benefit) for credit losses associated with risk-sharing loans is estimated on a collective basis when a loan is sold to Fannie Mae and is based on our current expected credit losses on the current portfolio from loan sale to maturity. The provision (benefit) for credit losses associated with our loans held for investment is estimated similar to our risk-sharing loans at origination and is based on our current expected credit losses. For both our risk-sharing loans and loans held for investment, when a loan is probable of default, the loan is taken out of the collective evaluation and individually evaluated for credit losses. Our estimates of property fair value are based on appraisals, broker opinions of value, or net operating income and market capitalization rates, whichever we believe is the best estimate of the net disposition value. The Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates section above and NOTE 2 of the consolidated financial statements provides additional details of the accounting for this expense. Interest Expense on Corporate Debt. Interest expense on corporate debt includes interest expense incurred and amortization of debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs related to our term loan facility. Other Operating Expenses. Other operating expenses include sub-servicing costs, facilities costs, travel and entertainment costs, marketing costs, professional fees, losses on debt extinguishment, accretion and revaluation of contingent consideration liabilities, corporate insurance premiums, and other administrative expenses. Income Tax Expense. The Company is a C-corporation subject to federal, state, and international corporate tax. Our estimated combined statutory federal, state, and international tax rate was 26.1 , 25.7 , and 25.2 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Except for the effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Reform ), our combined statutory tax rate has historically not varied significantly as the only material difference in the calculation of the combined statutory tax rate from year to year is the apportionment of our taxable income amongst the various states where we are subject to taxation since our foreign operations are (i) immaterial and (ii) taxed 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 at a rate similar to our blended federal and state tax rate. Absent additional significant legislative changes to statutory tax rates (particularly the federal tax rate), we expect low deviation from the 2022 combined statutory tax rate for future years. However, we do expect some variability in the effective tax rate going forward due to excess tax benefits recognized and limitations on the deductibility of certain book expenses as a result of Tax Reform, primarily related to executive compensation. Excess tax benefits recognized in 2022, 2021, and 2020 reduced income tax expense by 6.1 million, 8.6 million, and 7.3 million, respectively. The changes in the excess tax benefits over the past three years is largely due to changes in the number of shares vested and the stock price at which the shares vested . Consolidated Results of Operations The following is a discussion of the comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The financial results are not necessarily indicative of future results. Our annual results have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future, reflecting the interest-rate environment, the volume of transactions, business acquisitions, regulatory actions, and general economic conditions. Discussions of our results of operations and comparisons between 2021 and 2020 can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. SUPPLEMENTAL OPERATING DATA CONSOLIDATED 

For the year ended December 31, (dollars in thousands; except per share data) 2022 2021 Transaction Volume: Total Debt Financing Volume 43,605,984 48,911,120 Property Sales Volume 19,732,654 19,254,697 Total Transaction Volume 63,338,638 68,165,817 Key Performance Metrics: Operating margin 21 28 Return on equity 13 21 Walker Dunlop net income 213,820 265,762 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 325,095 309,278 Diluted EPS 6.36 8.15 Key Expense Metrics (as a percentage of total revenues): Personnel expenses 48 48 Other operating expenses 10 8 

As of December 31, Managed Portfolio: 2022 2021 Total Servicing Portfolio 123,133,855 115,700,564 Assets under management 16,748,449 16,437,865 Total Managed Portfolio 139,882,304 132,138,429 

 (1) This is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information on adjusted EBITDA, refer to the section below titled Non-GAAP Financial Measure. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 The following table presents a period-to-period comparison of our financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. FINANCIAL RESULTS 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 CONSOLIDATED 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net 348,007 446,014 (98,007) (22) Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net 191,760 287,145 (95,385) (33) Servicing fees 300,191 278,466 21,725 8 Property sales broker fees 120,582 119,981 601 1 Investment management fees 71,931 25,637 46,294 181 Net warehouse interest income 15,777 22,108 (6,331) (29) Escrow earnings and other interest income 52,830 8,150 44,680 548 Other revenues 157,675 71,677 85,998 120 Total revenues 1,258,753 1,259,178 (425) - Expenses Personnel 607,366 603,487 3,879 1 Amortization and depreciation 235,031 210,284 24,747 12 Provision (benefit) for credit losses (11,978) (13,287) 1,309 (10) Interest expense on corporate debt 34,233 7,981 26,252 329 Other operating expenses 129,136 98,655 30,481 31 Total expenses 993,788 907,120 86,668 10 Income from operations 264,965 352,058 (87,093) (25) Income tax expense 56,034 86,428 (30,394) (35) Net income before noncontrolling interests 208,931 265,630 (56,699) (21) Less: net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests (4,889) (132) (4,757) 3,604 Walker Dunlop net income 213,820 265,762 (51,942) (20) Overview Revenues decreased slightly as increases in servicing fees, investment management fees, escrow earnings and other interest income, and other revenues, were offset by decreases in loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net origination fees and the fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net MSR income ). Servicing fees increased largely from an increase in the average servicing portfolio outstanding. Investment management fees increased due to the addition of investment management fees from our LIHTC operations acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Escrow earnings and other interest income increased largely as a result of higher escrow earnings rates due to rising interest rates. Other revenues increased primarily as a result of a one-time gain from the revaluation of our previously held equity-method investment in Apprise Apprise revaluation gain in connection with the GeoPhy acquisition, and increases in (i) other revenues from our LIHTC operations, (ii) research subscription fees, and (iii) gains from equity-method investments, partially offset by a decline in prepayment fees. Origination fees and MSR income decreased primarily as a result of a decline in the earnings rate from our debt financing volumes due to market volatility and rising interest rates over the second half of the year and a decrease in Agency debt financing volume. The increase in expenses was due to increases in all expense categories, primarily in amortization and depreciation, interest expense on corporate debt, and other operating expenses. Amortization and depreciation expense increased primarily due to an increase in the average MSR balance and an increase in intangible asset amortization resulting from acquisitions in 2021 and 2022. Interest expense on corporate debt increased due to the increase in the size of the debt outstanding, including the assumption of Alliant s note payable in the fourth quarter of 2021, and the rising interest rate environment in 2022. Other operating expenses increased largely as a result of (i) the overall growth of the Company s operations over the past year including expenses from acquired subsidiaries and (ii) an increase in travel and entertainment costs compared to 2021 when our travel and entertainment expenses were depressed due to the on-going effects of the pandemic. These substantial increases were partially offset by a benefit for the revaluation of contingent consideration liabilities. Income Tax Expense. The decrease in income tax expense relates to a decrease in income from operations and the tax impacts of the 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 39.6 million Apprise revaluation gain. The gain is an unrealized, non-taxable gain. Accordingly, no income tax expense was recorded for this gain. Based on our blended statutory rate, the benefit to our income tax expense was 10.3 million. A discussion of the financial results for our segments is included further below. Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, we use adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. The presentation of adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. When analyzing our operating performance, readers should use adjusted EBITDA in addition to, and not as an alternative for, net income. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before income taxes, interest expense on our term loan facility, and amortization and depreciation, adjusted for provision for credit losses net of write-offs, share-based incentive compensation charges, and the fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Furthermore, adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow for our management s discretionary use, as it does not reflect certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. The amounts shown for adjusted EBITDA may also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and non-cash charges that are used to determine compliance with financial covenants. We use adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the operating performance of our business, for comparison with forecasts and strategic plans, and for benchmarking performance externally against competitors. We believe that this non-GAAP measure, when read in conjunction with our GAAP financials, provides useful information to investors by offering: the ability to make more meaningful period-to-period comparisons of our ongoing operating results; the ability to better identify trends in our underlying business and perform related trend analyses; and a better understanding of how management plans and measures our underlying business. 
 We believe that adjusted EBITDA has limitations in that it does not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and that adjusted EBITDA should only be used to evaluate our results of operations in conjunction with net income. Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to net income as follows: ADJUSTED FINANCIAL METRIC RECONCILIATION TO GAAP CONSOLIDATED 

For the year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Reconciliation of Walker Dunlop Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA Walker Dunlop Net Income 213,820 265,762 Income tax expense 56,034 86,428 Interest expense on corporate debt 34,233 7,981 Amortization and depreciation 235,031 210,284 Provision (benefit) for credit losses (11,978) (13,287) Net write-offs (4,631) Share-based compensation expense 33,987 36,582 Gain from revaluation of previously held equity-method investment (39,641) Write-off of unamortized issuance costs from corporate debt retirement 2,673 Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net (191,760) (287,145) Adjusted EBITDA 325,095 309,278 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 The following table presents a period-to-period comparison of the components of our adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: ADJUSTED EBITDA 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 CONSOLIDATED 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net 348,007 446,014 (98,007) (22) Servicing fees 300,191 278,466 21,725 8 Property sales broker fees 120,582 119,981 601 1 Investment management fees 71,931 25,637 46,294 181 Net warehouse interest income 15,777 22,108 (6,331) (29) Escrow earnings and other interest income 52,830 8,150 44,680 548 Other revenues 122,923 71,809 51,114 71 Personnel (573,379) (566,905) (6,474) 1 Net write-offs (4,631) (4,631) N/A Other operating expenses (129,136) (95,982) (33,154) 35 Adjusted EBITDA 325,095 309,278 15,817 5 The decrease in origination fees was primarily related to decreases in both the earnings rate on our debt financing volumes and the overall debt financing volumes year over year. Servicing fees increased due to an increase in the average servicing portfolio. Investment management fees increased due to the addition of investment management fees from our LIHTC operations acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Net warehouse interest income decreased primarily due to decreases in the net spreads and average outstanding balances. Escrow earnings and other interest income increased primarily as a result of a higher escrow earnings rate due to rising interest rates. Other revenues increased primarily as a result of increases in: (i) other revenues from our LIHTC operations, (ii) research subscription fees (iii) gains from equity-method investments, partially offset by decreases in prepayment fees. The increase in personnel expense was primarily due to increased salaries and benefits expense due to an increase in average headcount, partially offset by a decrease in commission costs due to lower debt financing volumes and a decrease in accruals for other performance-based compensation due to the Company s performance. Net write-offs increased due to a loss settlement that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 with no comparable activity in 2021. Other operating expenses increased largely as a result of (i) the overall growth of the Company over the past year including expenses from acquired subsidiaries and (ii) an increase in travel and entertainment costs compared to 2021 when our travel and entertainment expenses were depressed due to the on-going effects of the pandemic. The increase in Other operating expenses was partially offset by a benefit for the revaluation of contingent consideration liabilities. Financial Condition Cash Flows from Operating Activities Our cash flows from operations are generated from loan sales, servicing fees, escrow earnings, net warehouse interest income, property sales broker fees, investment management fees, research subscription fees, investment banking advisory fees, and other income, net of loan origination and operating costs. Our cash flows from operations are impacted by the fees generated by our loan originations and property sales, the timing of loan closings, and the period of time loans are held for sale in the warehouse loan facility prior to delivery to the investor. Cash Flows from Investing Activities We usually lease facilities and equipment for our operations. Our cash flows from investing activities also include the funding and repayment of loans held for investment, contributions to and distributions from joint ventures, purchases of equity-method investments, and the purchase of available-for-sale AFS securities pledged to Fannie Mae. We opportunistically invest cash for acquisitions and MSR portfolio purchases. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities We use our warehouse loan facilities and, when necessary, our corporate cash to fund loan closings, both for loans held for sale and loans held for investments. We also use warehouse facilities to assist in funding investments in tax credit equity before transferring them to a tax credit fund. We believe that our current warehouse loan facilities are adequate to meet our loan origination and tax credit equity syndication needs. Historically, we used a combination of long-term debt and cash flows from operations to fund large acquisitions, repurchase shares, pay cash dividends, make long-term debt principal payments, and repay short-term borrowings on a regular basis. We issue stock primarily in connection with exercise of stock options (cash inflow) and for acquisitions (non-cash transactions). Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 The following table presents a period-to-period comparison of the significant components of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. SIGNIFICANT COMPONENTS OF CASH FLOWS 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 CONSOLIDATED 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 1,582,704 870,455 712,249 82 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (133,777) (377,551) 243,774 (65) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (1,583,824) (457,726) (1,126,098) 246 Total of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents at end of period ("Total cash") 258,283 393,180 (134,897) (34) Cash flows from (used in) operating activities Net receipt (use) of cash for loan origination activity 1,372,681 620,774 751,907 121 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, excluding loan origination activity 210,023 249,681 (39,658) (16) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities Purchases of pledged AFS securities (60,802) (31,750) (29,052) 92 Proceeds from the prepayment/sale of pledged AFS securities 14,040 45,301 (31,261) (69) Purchase of equity-method investments (26,099) (33,446) 7,347 (22) Acquisitions, net of cash received (114,163) (420,555) 306,392 (73) Capital expenditures (21,995) (9,208) (12,787) 139 Net payoff of (investment in) loans held for investment 67,709 91,760 (24,051) (26) Net distributions from (investments in) joint ventures 7,533 (19,653) 27,186 138 Cash flows from (used in) financing activities Borrowings (repayments) of warehouse notes payable, net (1,370,705) (635,912) (734,793) 116 Borrowings of interim warehouse notes payable 36,459 266,575 (230,116) (86) Repayments of interim warehouse notes payable (63,858) (227,999) 164,141 (72) Borrowings (repayments) of notes payable (36,629) 303,727 (340,356) (112) Payment of contingent consideration (21,191) (21,191) N/A Repurchase of common stock (42,369) (18,872) (23,497) 125 Borrowings (repayments) of secured borrowings (73,312) 73,312 (100) Cash dividends paid (80,145) (64,453) (15,692) 24 The change in cash flows from operating activities was driven primarily by loans originated and sold. Such loans are held for short periods of time, generally less than 60 days, and impact cash flows presented as of a point in time. The increase in cash flows received in loan origination activities is primarily attributable to sales of loans held for sale outpacing originations by 1.4 billion in 2022 compared to 620.8 million in 2021. Excluding cash used for the origination and sale of loans, cash flows provided by operations were 210.0 million in 2022, down from 249.7 million in 2021. The decrease is primarily the result of a (i) 56.7 million decrease in net income before noncontrolling interest, (ii) a 39.6 million increase in a non-cash adjustment for the Apprise revaluation gain in 2022 with no comparable activity in 2021, and (iii) 58.5 million decrease in adjustments for other operating activities, partially offset by a 120.1 million change in non-cash adjustments for MSRs and amortization and depreciation. The significant decrease in Total cash over the past year is largely attributable to acquisition activity coupled with a decrease in cash provided by operating activities, excluding loan origination activity. The decrease in cash used in investing activities in 2022 from 2021 was due to (i) a decrease in cash used in acquisitions in 2022 compared 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 to 2021, (ii) a decrease in the purchase of equity-method investments as capital calls for capital commitments decreased year over year, and (iii) a change from net investments in joint ventures to net distributions from joint ventures, partially offset by (i) an increase in the net purchase of pledged AFS securities, as we reinvested prepayments from the prior year, (ii) an increase in capital expenditures due to the build out of our new corporate headquarters, and (iii) a decrease in the net payoff of loans held for investment. Cash used in acquisitions decreased, as in 2021, we had four acquisitions, including the Alliant acquisition, the largest acquisition in Company history, compared to two acquisitions, including GeoPhy, and a large payment for working capital adjustments for the Alliant acquisition in 2022. Our distributions from joint ventures outpaced our investments as our joint ventures originated fewer loans in 2022. Net payoff of loans held for investment decreased, as there were fewer payoffs and originations in 2022 than in 2021. The increase in cash used in financing activities was attributable to (i) an increase in net warehouse repayments, (ii) a change to net repayments from net borrowings of interim warehouse notes payable, (iii) a change from net borrowings to net repayments of notes payable, (iv) an increase in the payment of contingent consideration as the Company made payments in 2022 for certain acquired entities in prior years, (v) an increase in repurchases of common stock, and (vi) an increase in dividends paid, partially offset by a decrease in repayments of secured borrowings. The increase in the net repayments of warehouse notes payable was due to the aforementioned increase in cash received for loan origination activity. The change to net cash repayments from net borrowings of interim warehouse notes payable was primarily due to an increase in net repayments of interim loans as we had fewer originations in 2022. The change from net borrowings to net repayments of notes payable was due to the refinancing and increase of our Term Loan in December 2021 with no comparable activity in 2022 and due to the required quarterly paydowns of a note payable at our subsidiary, Alliant. The increase in cash paid for repurchases of common stock was related to significant vesting events in our various share-based compensation plans and the 11.1 million repurchase of common stock through our 2022 stock repurchase program compared to no repurchases under the 2021 stock repurchase program. Cash dividends paid increased largely as a result of the increase in our dividend to 0.60 per share in 2022 compared to 0.50 per share in 2021 Segment Results The Company is managed based on our three reportable segments: (i) Capital Markets, (ii) Servicing Asset Management, and (iii) Corporate. The segment results below are intended to present each of the reportable segments on a stand-alone basis. Capital Markets Our Capital Markets segment provides a comprehensive range of commercial real estate finance products to our customers, including Agency lending, debt brokerage, property sales, and appraisal and valuation services. The Company s long-established relationships with the Agencies and institutional investors enable our Capital Markets segment to offer a broad range of loan products and services to the Company s customers, including first mortgage, second trust, supplemental, construction, mezzanine, preferred equity, and small-balance loans. This segment also provides property sales services to owners and developers of multifamily properties and commercial real estate and multifamily property appraisals for various investors. The Capital Markets segment also provides real estate-related investment banking and advisory services, including housing market research. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 SUPPLEMENTAL OPERATING DATA CAPITAL MARKETS 

For the year ended December 31, (in thousands; except per share data) 2022 2021 Transaction Volume: Components of Debt Financing Volume Fannie Mae 9,950,152 9,301,865 Freddie Mac 6,320,201 6,154,828 Ginnie Mae HUD 1,118,014 2,340,699 Brokered (1) 25,878,519 29,670,226 Total Debt Financing Volume 43,266,886 47,467,618 Property sales volume 19,732,654 19,254,697 Total Transaction Volume 62,999,540 66,722,315 Key Performance Metrics: Net income 156,078 262,194 Adjusted EBITDA (2) 36,201 84,626 Operating margin 28 39 Key Revenue Metrics (as a percentage of debt financing volume): Origination fees 0.80 0.93 MSR income 0.44 0.60 MSR income, as a percentage of Agency debt financing volume 1.10 1.61 

 (1) Brokered transactions for life insurance companies, commercial banks, and other capital sources. (2) This is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information on adjusted EBITDA, refer to the section below titled Non-GAAP Financial Measure . FINANCIAL RESULTS 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 CAPITAL MARKETS 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net 345,779 440,044 (94,265) (21) Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net 191,760 287,145 (95,385) (33) Property sales broker fees 120,582 119,981 601 1 Net warehouse interest income, loans held for sale 9,667 14,396 (4,729) (33) Other revenues 41,046 20,458 20,588 101 Total revenues 708,834 882,024 (173,190) (20) Expenses Personnel 485,958 500,052 (14,094) (3) Amortization and depreciation 3,084 2,877 207 7 Interest expense on corporate debt 8,647 5,078 3,569 70 Other operating expenses 11,817 26,420 (14,603) (55) Total expenses 509,506 534,427 (24,921) (5) Income from operations 199,328 347,597 (148,269) (43) Income tax expense 42,153 85,333 (43,180) (51) Net income before noncontrolling interests 157,175 262,264 (105,089) (40) Less: net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 1,097 70 1,027 1,467 Net income 156,078 262,194 (106,116) (40) 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Revenues Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net and Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net. The following tables provide additional information that helps explain changes in origination fees and MSR income period over period: 

For the year ended December 31, Debt Financing Volume by Product Type 2022 2021 Fannie Mae 23 20 Freddie Mac 15 13 Ginnie Mae - HUD 3 5 Brokered 59 62 

For the year ended December 31, Percentage Mortgage Banking Details (basis points) 2022 2021 Change Change Origination Fee Rate (1) 80 93 (13) (14) Agency MSR Rate (2) 110 161 (51) (32) 

 (1) Origination fees as a percentage of total debt financing volume. (2) MSR Income as a percentage of Agency debt financing volume. The decrease in origination fees was the result of a 13-basis-point decrease in our origination fee rate and a 9 decrease in overall debt financing volume. The decline in the origination fee rate was driven by a combination of a decline in in our HUD debt financing volumes and a decline in the margins we earn on our debt financing products, particularly with our Fannie Mae volume. Our Fannie Mae volume in 2022 included a 1.9 billion portfolio of loans that had a relatively lower origination fee rate that is typical for transactions of that size. We had no such portfolio transactions in 2021. The decrease in MSR income was attributable to the 32 decrease in our Agency MSR Rate, coupled with a substantial decrease in our HUD debt financing volumes. The weighted-average servicing fees on new Fannie Mae debt financing volume declined 38 due to tightening of servicing fees due to large interest rate increases during 2022. Our Fannie Mae and HUD products are our most profitable products. See the Overview of Current Business Environment section above for a detailed discussion of the factors driving the changes in debt financing volumes. Net Warehouse Interest Income, Loans Held for Sale. The decrease was the result of decreases in the average balance outstanding and in the net spread between the rate on the originated loans and the interest costs associated with the warehouse facility as shown below. The decrease in the average balance was related to the overall decrease in our debt financing volume year over year, particularly our HUD originations. The decrease in the net spreads shown below was a result of the rapidly rising interest rate environment. 

For the year ended December 31, Percentage Net Warehouse Interest Income Details - LHFS (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Average LHFS Outstanding Balance 1,326,690 1,634,999 (308,309) (19) LHFS Net Spread (basis points) 73 88 (15) (17) Other Revenues. The increase was due to an increase in our research subscription revenues and appraisal revenues, partially offset by a decrease in miscellaneous revenues. Research subscription fees increased 13.1 million year over year primarily due to the acquisition of Zelman early in the third quarter of 2021. 2022 included a full year of revenue from research services compared to less than half a year in 2021. Appraisal revenues increased due to the consolidation of Apprise in the first quarter of 2022, resulting in 8.3 million of appraisal revenue recognized during 2022. The appraisal revenue was accounted for as income from equity method investments prior to the consolidation of Apprise. Expenses Personnel. The decrease was primarily the result of a 51.7 million decrease in debt financing commission costs as a result of the decrease in debt financing activity and the related origination fees, partially offset by a 26.3 million increase in salaries and benefits and an 8.9 million increase in other compensation costs. These increases in salaries and benefits and other compensation costs were due to higher 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 average headcount resulting from (a) acquisitions and hiring initiatives and (b) the GeoPhy acquisition and corresponding consolidation of Apprise. Interest expense on corporate debt. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in the interest rate on our corporate debt as the lockout on the cap of our floating interest rate expired. Other Operating Expenses. The decrease stemmed from an 18.0 million benefit for the revaluation of contingent consideration liabilities allocated to the Capital Markets segment, partially offset by increases in travel and entertainment costs of 5.8 million as our bankers and brokers attended more in person meetings compared to 2021 when the effects of the pandemic were still depressing business travel. Income Tax Expense . Income tax expense is determined at a consolidated corporate level and allocated to each segment proportionally based on each segment s income from operations, except for significant, one-time tax activities, which are allocated entirely to the segment impacted by the tax activity. Non-GAAP Financial Measure A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA for our Capital Markets segment is presented below. Our segment level adjusted EBITDA represents the segment portion of consolidated adjusted EBITDA. A detailed description and reconciliation of consolidated adjusted EBITDA is provided above in our Consolidated Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measure. CM adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to net income as follows: ADJUSTED FINANCIAL MEASURE RECONCILIATION TO GAAP CAPITAL MARKETS 

For the year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA Net Income 156,078 262,194 Income tax expense 42,153 85,333 Interest expense on corporate debt 8,647 5,078 Amortization and depreciation 3,084 2,877 Share-based compensation expense 17,999 16,289 MSR Income (191,760) (287,145) Adjusted EBITDA 36,201 84,626 The following tables present period-to-period comparisons of the components of CM adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. ADJUSTED EBITDA 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 CAPITAL MARKETS 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Origination fees 345,779 440,044 (94,265) (21) Property sales broker fees 120,582 119,981 601 1 Net warehouse interest income, loans held for sale 9,667 14,396 (4,729) (33) Other revenues 39,949 20,388 19,561 96 Personnel (467,959) (483,763) 15,804 (3) Other operating expenses (11,817) (26,420) 14,603 (55) Adjusted EBITDA 36,201 84,626 (48,425) (57) Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net decreased due to a decrease in our origination fee rate and a decrease in our overall debt financing volume. Net warehouse interest income decreased due to decreases in the net spread and average outstanding balance. The decrease in personnel expense was primarily due to decreased commission costs due to the decrease in origination fees, partially offset by growth in salaries and benefits costs resulting from an increase in the average headcount from acquisitions and hiring initiatives. Other operating expenses 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 decreased primarily due to a contingent consideration revaluation gain in 2022, partially offset by growth in the segment s operations and increases in travel and entertainment costs as our bankers and brokers attended more in person meetings in 2022. Servicing Asset Management The Servicing Asset Management segment s activities include: (i) servicing and asset-managing the portfolio of loans the Company (a) originates and sells to the Agencies, (b) brokers to certain life insurance companies, and (c) originates through its principal lending and investing activities, and (ii) managing third-party capital invested in tax credit equity funds focused on the affordable housing sector and other commercial real estate. SUPPLEMENTAL OPERATING DATA SERVICING ASSET MANAGEMENT 

(in thousands; except per share data) As of December 31, Managed Portfolio: 2022 2021 Components of Servicing Portfolio Fannie Mae 59,226,168 53,401,457 Freddie Mac 37,819,256 37,138,836 Ginnie Mae - HUD 9,868,453 9,889,289 Brokered (1) 16,013,143 15,035,439 Principal Lending and Investing (2) 206,835 235,543 Total Servicing Portfolio 123,133,855 115,700,564 Assets under management 16,748,449 16,437,865 Total Managed Portfolio 139,882,304 132,138,429 

For the year ended December 31, Key Volume and Performance Metrics: 2022 2021 Principal Lending and Investing debt financing volume (3) 339,098 1,443,502 Net income 139,691 105,142 Adjusted EBITDA (4) 410,429 333,292 Operating margin 33 37 

As of December 31, Key Servicing Portfolio Metrics: 2022 2021 Custodial escrow account balance (in billions) 2.7 3.7 Weighted-average servicing fee rate (basis points) 24.5 24.9 Weighted-average remaining servicing portfolio term (years) 8.8 9.2 

As of December 31, Components of assets under management (in thousands) 2022 2021 LIHTC 14,499,642 14,266,339 Investment funds 1,355,999 1,323,330 Interim Program JV Managed Loans (5) 892,808 848,196 Total assets under management 16,748,449 16,437,865 

 (1) Brokered loans serviced primarily for life insurance companies. (2) Consists of interim loans not managed for the Interim Program JV. (3) For the year ended December 31, 2022, comprised solely of WDIP separate account originations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, includes 86.3 million from the Interim Program JV, 117.1 million from the Interim Loan Program and 135.7 million from WDIP separate accounts. For the year ended December 31, 2021, includes 860.0 million from the Interim Program JV, 537.1 million from the Interim Loan Program, and 46.4 million from WDIP separate accounts. (4) This is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information on adjusted EBITDA, refer to the section below titled Non-GAAP Financial Measure . (5) Comprised only of Interim Program JV managed loans. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 FINANCIAL RESULTS 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 SERVICNG ASSET MANAGEMENT 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net 2,228 5,970 (3,742) (63) Servicing fees 300,191 278,466 21,725 8 Investment management fees 71,931 25,637 46,294 181 Net warehouse interest income, loans held for investment 6,110 7,712 (1,602) (21) Escrow earnings and other interest income 51,010 7,776 43,234 556 Other revenues 75,960 52,916 23,044 44 Total revenues 507,430 378,477 128,953 34 Expenses Personnel 69,970 36,412 33,558 92 Amortization and depreciation 225,515 203,118 22,397 11 Provision (benefit) for credit losses (11,978) (13,287) 1,309 (10) Interest expense on corporate debt 23,621 1,749 21,872 1,251 Other operating expenses 30,738 11,401 19,337 170 Total expenses 337,866 239,393 98,473 41 Income from operations 169,564 139,084 30,480 22 Income tax expense 35,859 34,144 1,715 5 Income before noncontrolling interests 133,705 104,940 28,765 27 Less: net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests (5,986) (202) (5,784) 2,863 Net income 139,691 105,142 34,549 33 Revenues Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net. The decrease was due to a 77 decrease in our principal lending and investing debt financing volumes. Debt financing volume for this segment includes loans made on transitional multifamily properties on our balance sheet or through the Interim Program JV. Due to the challenging macroeconomic conditions, we scaled back our lending on transitional assets in 2022. Servicing Fees. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the average servicing portfolio period over period as shown below, primarily due to a 5.8 billion net increase in Fannie Mae serviced loans and a 977.7 million net increase in brokered loans serviced over the past year, coupled with the increase in the servicing portfolio s average servicing fee rate as shown below. The increase in the average servicing fee rate is the result of the relatively large volume of Fannie Mae debt financing volume over the past year, resulting in Fannie Mae loans composing a higher percentage of the overall portfolio. Fannie Mae loans have the highest servicing fees of all our products. 

For the year ended December 31, Percentage Servicing Fees Details (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Average Servicing Portfolio 118,887,131 111,577,130 7,310,001 7 Average Servicing Fee (basis points) 24.8 24.5 0.3 1 Investment Management Fees. The increase was primarily driven by the addition of investment management fees from our LIHTC operations due to our acquisition of Alliant late in the fourth quarter of 2021, which added an incremental 47.4 million of investment management fees from 2021. Escrow earnings and other interest income. The increase was driven primarily by an increase in our escrow earnings of 37.7 million, coupled with an increase in interest income from pledged securities, cash balances, and other investments. The earnings rate on escrow balances and other interest-earning assets increased significantly as a result of rising interest rates over the past year, partially offset by a reduction in the average balance of escrows outstanding. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Other Revenues. The increase was primarily due to a 35.9 million increase in other revenues from our LIHTC operations, partially offset by a 13.7 million decrease in prepayment fees. The increase in other revenues from LIHTC operations was driven by our subsidiary Alliant, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease in prepayment fees was due to a substantial decrease in the volume of loans that prepaid year over year due to the higher interest rate environment and the amount of prepayment fees earned on that volume. Expenses Personnel. The increase was primarily the result of increases in salaries and benefits of 24.0 million and bonus accruals by 8.7 million. Salaries and benefits and bonus accruals increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to growth in headcount as a result of the Alliant acquisition that occurred late in the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by a decrease in the accrual rate due to the Company s performance in 2022. Amortization and Depreciation. The increase was primarily attributed to loan origination activity and the resulting growth in the average MSR balance and due to an increase in intangible asset amortization. Over the past 12 months, we have added 110.3 million of MSRs, net of disposals. Due to the Alliant acquisition in December 2021, we added 170.8 million in intangible assets to SAM, resulting in an increase in amortization expense of 12.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest expense on corporate debt. The increase was primarily driven by (i) an increase in the portion of corporate debt related to SAM, (ii) the assumption of a securitized debt instrument late in the fourth quarter of 2021 in connection with the Alliant acquisition, and (iii) an increase in the interest rate on our corporate debt as the lockout on the cap of our floating rate expired. The increase in corporate debt related to SAM was due to the 300.0 million of additional debt incurred to acquire Alliant. The increase in the interest rate was driven by rapidly rising interest rates during 2022. Other Operating Expenses. The increase primarily stemmed from relatively small increases in various expense types. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase was primarily due to a 16.7 million increase in other operating costs and a 2.3 million increase in professional fees. The increases in other operating costs and professional fees were primarily due to additional operating expenses at Alliant, which was acquired late in the fourth quarter of 2021, and a 4.5 million expense for the revaluation of contingent consideration liabilities in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to the performance of Alliant. Income Tax Expense . Income tax expense is determined at a consolidated corporate level and allocated to each segment proportionally based on each segment s income from operations, except for significant, one-time tax activities, which are allocated entirely to the segment impacted by the tax activity. Non-GAAP Financial Measure A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA for our Servicing Asset Management segment is presented below. Our segment level adjusted EBITDA represents the segment portion of consolidated adjusted EBITDA. A detailed description and reconciliation of consolidated adjusted EBITDA is provided above in our Consolidated Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measure. SAM adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to net income as follows: ADJUSTED FINANCIAL MEASURE RECONCILIATION TO GAAP SERVICING ASSET MANAGEMENT 

For the year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA Net Income 139,691 105,142 Income tax expense 35,859 34,144 Interest expense on corporate debt 23,621 1,749 Amortization and depreciation 225,515 203,118 Provision (benefit) for credit losses (11,978) (13,287) Net write-offs (4,631) Share-based compensation expense 2,352 2,426 Adjusted EBITDA 410,429 333,292 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables present period-to-period comparisons of the components of SAM adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. ADJUSTED EBITDA 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 SERVICING ASSET MANAGEMENT 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net 2,228 5,970 (3,742) (63) Servicing fees 300,191 278,466 21,725 8 Investment management fees 71,931 25,637 46,294 181 Net warehouse interest income, loans held for investment 6,110 7,712 (1,602) (21) Escrow earnings and other interest income 51,010 7,776 43,234 556 Other revenues 81,946 53,118 28,828 54 Personnel (67,618) (33,986) (33,632) 99 Net write-offs (4,631) (4,631) N/A Other operating expenses (30,738) (11,401) (19,337) 170 Adjusted EBITDA 410,429 333,292 77,137 23 Origination fees decreased primarily due to a decrease in our principal lending and investing origination volume. Servicing fees increased due to growth in the average servicing portfolio period over period as a result of loan originations and an increase in the average servicing fee rate. Investment management fees increased due to the addition of our LIHTC operations from our acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2021. Escrow earnings and other interest income increased primarily due to the rise in the escrow earnings rate. Other revenues increased primarily due to the addition of other revenues from our LIHTC operations, partially offset by a decrease in prepayment fees. Net write-offs increased due to a loss settlement that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 with no comparable activity in 2021. Personnel and other operating expenses increased due to growth in headcount and operations from the aforementioned acquisition. Additionally, other operating expenses increased due to a contingent consideration revaluation expense in 2022. Corporate The Corporate segment consists primarily of the Company s treasury operations and other corporate-level activities. Our treasury activities include monitoring and managing liquidity and funding requirements, including corporate debt. Other corporate-level activities include equity-method investments, accounting, information technology, legal, human resources, marketing, internal audit, and various other corporate groups support functions ). We do not allocate costs from these support functions to its other segments in presenting segment operating results. We do allocate interest expense and income tax expense. Corporate debt and the related interest expense are allocated first based on specific acquisitions where debt was directly used to fund the acquisition, such as the acquisition of Alliant, and then based on the remaining segment assets. Income tax expense is allocated proportionally based on income from operations at each segment, except for significant, one-time tax activities, which are allocated entirely to the segment impacted by the tax activity. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 FINANCIAL RESULTS 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 CORPORATE 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues Other interest income 1,820 374 1,446 387 Other revenues 40,669 (1,697) 42,366 (2,497) Total revenues 42,489 (1,323) 43,812 (3,312) Expenses Personnel 51,438 67,023 (15,585) (23) Amortization and depreciation 6,432 4,289 2,143 50 Interest expense on corporate debt 1,965 1,154 811 70 Other operating expenses 86,581 60,834 25,747 42 Total expenses 146,416 133,300 13,116 10 Income from operations (103,927) (134,623) 30,696 (23) Income tax expense (benefit) (21,978) (33,049) 11,071 (33) Net income (81,949) (101,574) 19,625 (19) Adjusted EBITDA (121,535) (108,640) (12,895) 12 Revenues Other Revenues. The increase was primarily due to the 39.6 million Apprise revaluation gain, which was recognized in the first quarter of 2022. As part of our acquisition of GeoPhy, we acquired its 50 interest in Apprise. The revaluation of our existing 50 ownership interest with a carrying value of 18.9 million to a fair value of 58.5 million resulted in a 39.6 million gain. The remaining increase was primarily due to a 6.1 million increase in income from our other equity-method investments, mostly related to the first quarter of 2022. Partially offsetting the increase in Other revenues was a 2.7 million decrease in investment income from the Company s deferred compensation plan. Expenses Personnel. The decrease was primarily the result of (i) a 16.1 million decrease to the accrual for subjective bonuses, (ii) a 4.2 million decrease in stock compensation expense related to the Company s performance share plan, and (iii) a 2.7 million decrease in compensation expense related to the Company s deferred compensation plan, partially offset by a 6.8 million increase in salaries and benefits due to an increase in the average headcount. The decreases related to (i) and (ii) were due to the Company s performance in 2022. The majority of the decrease came from a reduction in senior management compensation due to the Company s performance in 2022. Other Operating Expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase was primarily driven by: (i) a 16.4 million increase in office expenses related to the growth of the Company and acquired offices, (ii) a 6.3 million increase in professional fees largely related to our acquisitions, (iii) a 2.2 million increase in travel and entertainment costs attributable to the growth of the Company and depressed travel and entertainment costs in 2021 due to the pandemic, and (iv) a 2.1 million increase in marketing costs related to the diversification of the Company, especially in support of acquired businesses and new business initiatives. Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense is determined at a consolidated corporate level and allocated to each segment proportionally based on each segment s income from operations, except for significant, one-time tax activities, which are allocated entirely to the segment impacted by the tax activity. Non-GAAP Financial Measure A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA for our Corporate segment is presented below. Our segment level adjusted EBITDA represents the segment portion of consolidated adjusted EBITDA. A detailed description and reconciliation of consolidated adjusted EBITDA is provided above in our Consolidated Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measure. Corporate adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to net income as follows: 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 ADJUSTED FINANCIAL MEASURE RECONCILIATION TO GAAP CORPORATE 

For the year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA Net Income (81,949) (101,574) Income tax expense (benefit) (21,978) (33,049) Interest expense on corporate debt 1,965 1,154 Amortization and depreciation 6,432 4,289 Share-based compensation expense 13,636 17,867 Gain from revaluation of previously held equity-method investment (39,641) Write-off of unamortized issuance costs from corporate debt retirement 2,673 Adjusted EBITDA (121,535) (108,640) The following tables present period-to-period comparisons of the components of Corporate adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. ADJUSTED EBITDA 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 CORPORATE 

For the year ended December 31, Dollar Percentage (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Other interest income 1,820 374 1,446 387 Other revenues 1,028 (1,697) 2,725 (161) Personnel (37,802) (49,156) 11,354 (23) Other operating expenses (86,581) (58,161) (28,420) 49 Adjusted EBITDA (121,535) (108,640) (12,895) 12 The increase in other revenue was primarily due to an increase in income from our other equity-method investments, partially offset by a decrease in investment income from the Company s deferred compensation plan. The decrease in personnel expense was primarily due to the decreases in accruals for subjective bonuses, stock compensation expense related to the Company s performance share plan, and expenses related to the Company s deferred compensation plan, partially offset by increased salaries and benefits resulting from an increase in average headcount. Other operating expenses increased as a result of the overall growth of the Company over the past year and from increased office costs from our acquisitions. Liquidity and Capital Resources Uses of Liquidity, Cash and Cash Equivalents Our significant recurring cash flow requirements consist of liquidity to (i) fund loans held for sale; (ii) fund loans held for investment under the Interim Loan Program; (iii) pay cash dividends; (iv) fund our portion of the equity necessary for the operations of the Interim Program JV, and other equity-method investments; (v) fund investments in properties to be syndicated to LIHTC investment funds that we will asset-manage; (vi) make payments related to earnouts from acquisitions, (vii) meet working capital needs to support our day-to-day operations, including debt service payments, joint venture development partnership contributions, servicing advances and payments for salaries, commissions, and income taxes, and (viii) meet working capital to satisfy collateral requirements for our Fannie Mae DUS risk-sharing obligations and to meet the operational liquidity requirements of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, Ginnie Mae, and our warehouse facility lenders. Fannie Mae has established benchmark standards for capital adequacy and reserves the right to terminate our servicing authority for all or some of the portfolio if, at any time, it determines that our financial condition is not adequate to support our obligations under the DUS agreement. We are required to maintain acceptable net worth as defined in the standards, and we satisfied the requirements as of December 31, 2022. The net worth requirement is derived primarily from unpaid balances on Fannie Mae loans and the level of risk-sharing. As of December 31, 2022, the net worth requirement was 285.6 million, and our net worth was 692.8 million, as measured at our wholly owned operating subsidiary, Walker Dunlop, LLC. As of December 31, 2022, we were required to maintain at least 56.9 million of liquid 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 assets to meet our operational liquidity requirements for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, Ginnie Mae and our warehouse facility lenders. As of December 31, 2022, we had operational liquidity of 170.8 million, as measured at our wholly owned operating subsidiary, Walker Dunlop, LLC. We paid a cash dividend of 0.60 per share each quarter of 2022, which is 20 higher than the quarterly dividend paid in each quarter of 2021. On February 20, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.63 per share for the first quarter of 2023. The dividend will be paid on March 23, 2023 to all holders of record of our restricted and unrestricted common stock as of March 8, 2023. Over the past three years, we have returned 227.1 million to investors through the repurchase of 568 thousand shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs for a cost of 37.2 million and cash dividend payments of 189.9 million. Additionally, we have invested 648.3 million in acquisitions, 300.0 million of which was financed by an increase in our Term Loan (as defined below). On occasion, we may use cash to fully fund some loans held for investment or loans held for sale instead of using our warehouse lines. As of December 31, 2022, we did not fully fund any such loans. We continually seek opportunities to complete additional acquisitions if we believe the economics are favorable. In February 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program that permitted the repurchase of up to 75.0 million of shares of our common stock over a 12-month period beginning February 13, 2022. Through December 31, 2022 we repurchased 109 thousand shares under the 2022 stock repurchase program and had 63.9 million of remaining capacity under that program. In February 2023, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program that permits the repurchase of up to 75.0 million shares of our common stock over a 12-month period beginning February 23, 2023. We have contractual obligations to make future cash payments on lease agreements on our various offices of 79.6 million as of December 31, 2022. NOTE 14 in the consolidated financial statements contains additional details related to future lease payments. We have contractual obligations to repay short-term and long-term debt. The total principal balance for such debt is 1.2 billion as of December 31, 2022, of which 538.1 million will be repaid with the proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale and the repayments of loans held for investment. NOTE 6 in the consolidated financial statements contains additional details related to these future debt payments. The expected interest associated with these debt payments is 52.0 million in 2023, 40.2 million in 2024, 37.9 million in 2025, 37.5 million in 2026, and 37.1 million in 2027. The interest for long-term debt is based on a variable rate. Such interest is calculated based on the effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022. The amounts above do not include any payments related to the Alliant note payable since it was repaid in January 2023. Historically, our cash flows from operations and warehouse facilities have been sufficient to enable us to meet our short-term liquidity needs and other funding requirements. We believe that cash flows from operations will continue to be sufficient for us to meet our current obligations for the foreseeable future. Restricted Cash and Pledged Securities Restricted cash consists primarily of good faith deposits held on behalf of borrowers between the time we enter into a loan commitment with the borrower and the investor purchases the loan and cash held in collection accounts to be used to fund the repayment of the Alliant note payable. We are generally required to share the risk of any losses associated with loans sold under the Fannie Mae DUS program, our only off-balance sheet arrangement. We are required to secure this obligation by assigning collateral to Fannie Mae. We meet this obligation by assigning pledged securities to Fannie Mae. The amount of collateral required by Fannie Mae is a formulaic calculation at the loan level and considers the balance of the loan, the risk level of the loan, the age of the loan, and the level of risk-sharing. Fannie Mae requires collateral for Tier 2 loans of 75 basis points, which is funded over a 48-month period that begins upon delivery of the loan to Fannie Mae. Collateral held in the form of money market funds holding U.S. Treasuries is discounted 5 , and Agency MBS are discounted 4 for purposes of calculating compliance with the collateral requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we held substantially all of our restricted liquidity in Agency MBS in the aggregate amount of 142.6 million. Additionally, the majority of the loans for which we have risk-sharing are Tier 2 loans. We fund any growth in our Fannie Mae required operational liquidity and collateral requirements from our working capital. We are in compliance with the December 31, 2022 collateral requirements as outlined above. As of December 31, 2022, reserve requirements for the December 31, 2022 DUS loan portfolio will require us to fund 79.6 million in additional restricted liquidity over the next 48 months, assuming no further principal paydowns, prepayments, or defaults within our at-risk portfolio. Fannie Mae has assessed the DUS Capital Standards in the past and may make changes to these standards in the future. We generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to meet these capital standards and do not expect any future changes to have a material impact on our future operations; however, any future changes to collateral requirements may adversely impact our available cash. Under the provisions of the DUS agreement, we must also maintain a certain level of liquid assets referred to as the operational and unrestricted portions of the required reserves each year. We satisfied these requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Sources of Liquidity: Warehouse Facilities and Notes Payable Warehouse Facilities We utilize a combination of warehouse facilities and notes payable to provide funding for our operations. We utilize warehouse facilities to fund our Agency Lending, Interim Loan Program, and a small portion of our LIHTC operations. Our ability to originate Agency mortgage loans and loans held for investment depends upon our ability to secure and maintain these types of financing agreements on acceptable terms. For a detailed description of the terms of each warehouse agreement including the affirmative and negative covenants, refer to Warehouse Facilities in NOTE 6 of the consolidated financial statements. Notes Payable We have a senior secured credit agreement (the Credit Agreement that provides for a 600 million term loan (the Term Loan that bears interest at Adjusted Term SOFR SOFR plus 225 basis points with a floor of 50 basis points and has a stated maturity date of December 16, 2028 (or, if earlier, the date of acceleration of the Term Loan pursuant to the term of the Credit Agreement). At any time, we may also elect to request one or more incremental term loan commitments not to exceed the lesser of 230 million and 100 of trailing four-quarter Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, provided that total indebtedness would not cause the leverage ratio to exceed 3.00 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan was 594.0 million, and the effective interest rate was 6.55 . The note payable and the warehouse facilities are senior obligations of the Company. We were in compliance with all covenants related to the Credit Agreement. For a detailed description of the terms of the Credit Agreement, refer to Notes Payable Term Loan Note Payable in NOTE 6 of the consolidated financial statements. There have been no changes to the Credit Agreement in 2022. We have a note payable through our wholly-owned subsidiary Alliant, which had an outstanding balance of 114.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.75 . The note had a stated maturity of January 15, 2035 and required quarterly payments of principal, interest, and other required priority items shortly after the beginning of each quarter. On January 12, 2023, we entered into a lender joinder agreement and amendment to the Credit Agreement that provided for an incremental term loan Incremental Term Loan with a principal amount of 200.0 million, and modified the ratio thresholds related to mandatory prepayments, and allow for incurrence of additional types of indebtedness. The Incremental Term Loan was issued at a 2.0 discount and contains similar repayment terms as the Term Loan. We used approximately 115.9 million of the proceeds to fully pay off the Alliant note payable, accrued interest, and other related fees. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Credit Quality and Allowance for Risk-Sharing Obligations The following table sets forth certain information useful in evaluating our credit performance. 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Key Credit Metrics Risk-sharing servicing portfolio: Fannie Mae Full Risk 50,046,219 45,581,476 Fannie Mae Modified Risk 9,172,626 7,807,853 Freddie Mac Modified Risk 23,615 33,195 Total risk-sharing servicing portfolio 59,242,460 53,422,524 Non-risk-sharing servicing portfolio: Fannie Mae No Risk 7,323 12,127 Freddie Mac No Risk 37,795,641 37,105,641 GNMA - HUD No Risk 9,868,453 9,889,289 Brokered 16,013,143 15,035,438 Total non-risk-sharing servicing portfolio 63,684,560 62,042,495 Total loans serviced for others 122,927,020 115,465,019 Interim loans (full risk) servicing portfolio 206,835 235,543 Total servicing portfolio unpaid principal balance 123,133,855 115,700,562 Interim Program JV Managed Loans (1) 892,808 848,196 At risk servicing portfolio (2) 54,232,979 49,573,263 Maximum exposure to at risk portfolio (3) 10,993,596 10,056,584 Defaulted loans 36,983 78,659 Defaulted loans as a percentage of the at-risk portfolio 0.07 0.16 Allowance for risk-sharing as a percentage of the at-risk portfolio 0.08 0.13 Allowance for risk-sharing as a percentage of maximum exposure 0.40 0.62 

 (1) This balance consists entirely of Interim Program JV managed loans. We indirectly share in a portion of the risk of loss associated with Interim Program JV managed loans through our 15 equity ownership in the Interim Program JV. We have no exposure to risk of loss for the loans serviced directly for the Interim Program JV partner. The balance of this line is included as a component of assets under management in the Supplemental Operating Data table above. (2) At-risk servicing portfolio is defined as the balance of Fannie Mae DUS loans subject to the risk-sharing formula described below, as well as a small number of Freddie Mac loans on which we share in the risk of loss. Use of the at-risk portfolio provides for comparability of the full risk-sharing and modified risk-sharing loans because the provision and allowance for risk-sharing obligations are based on the at-risk balances of the associated loans. Accordingly, we have presented the key statistics as a percentage of the at-risk portfolio. For example, a 15 million loan with 50 risk-sharing has the same potential risk exposure as a 7.5 million loan with full DUS risk sharing. Accordingly, if the 15 million loan with 50 risk-sharing were to default, we would view the overall loss as a percentage of the at-risk balance, or 7.5 million, to ensure comparability between all risk-sharing obligations. To date, substantially all of the risk-sharing obligations that we have settled have been from full risk-sharing loans. (3) Represents the maximum loss we would incur under our risk-sharing obligations if all of the loans we service, for which we retain some risk of loss, were to default and all of the collateral underlying these loans was determined to be without value at the time of settlement. The maximum exposure is not representative of the actual loss we would incur. Fannie Mae DUS risk-sharing obligations are based on a tiered formula and represent substantially all of our risk-sharing activities. The risk-sharing tiers and the amount of the risk-sharing obligations we absorb under full risk-sharing are provided below. Except as described in the following paragraph, the maximum amount of risk-sharing obligations we absorb at the time of default is generally 20 of the origination unpaid principal balance UPB of the loan. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Risk-Sharing Losses Percentage Absorbed by Us First 5 of UPB at the time of loss settlement 100 Next 20 of UPB at the time of loss settlement 25 Losses above 25 of UPB at the time of loss settlement 10 Maximum loss 20 of origination UPB Fannie Mae can double or triple our risk-sharing obligation if the loan does not meet specific underwriting criteria or if a loan defaults within 12 months of its sale to Fannie Mae. We may request modified risk-sharing at the time of origination, which reduces our potential risk-sharing obligation from the levels described above. We use several techniques to manage our risk exposure under the Fannie Mae DUS risk-sharing program. These techniques include maintaining a strong underwriting and approval process, evaluating and modifying our underwriting criteria given the underlying multifamily housing market fundamentals, limiting our geographic market and borrower exposures, and electing the modified risk-sharing option under the Fannie Mae DUS program. The Business section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains a discussion of the risk-sharing caps we have with Fannie Mae. We regularly monitor the credit quality of all loans for which we have a risk-sharing obligation. Loans with indicators of underperforming credit are placed on a watch list, assigned a numerical risk rating based on our assessment of the relative credit weakness, and subjected to additional evaluation or loss mitigation. Indicators of underperforming credit include poor financial performance, poor physical condition, poor management, and delinquency. A specific reserve is recorded when it is probable that a risk-sharing loan will foreclose or has foreclosed, and a reserve for estimated credit losses and a guaranty obligation are recorded for all other risk-sharing loans. The calculated CECL reserve for the Company s 54.0 billion at-risk Fannie Mae servicing portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was 39.7 million compared to 52.3 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in the CECL reserve was principally related to a reduction in our historical loss factor and the forecast-period loss rate used for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, two at-risk loans with an aggregate UPB of 37.0 million were in default compared to three loans with an aggregate UPB of 78.7 million as of December 31, 2021. The collateral-based reserve on defaulted loans was 4.4 million and 10.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We had a benefit for risk-sharing obligations of 13.9 million and 12.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the ten-year period from January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2022, we recognized net write-offs of risk-sharing obligations of 22.0 million, or an average of less than two basis points annually of the average at risk Fannie Mae portfolio balance. We have never been required to repurchase a loan. New/Recent Accounting Pronouncements NOTE 2 in the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of Part IV in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains a description of the accounting pronouncements that the Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued and that have the potential to impact us but have not yet been adopted by us. There were no other accounting pronouncements issued during 2022 that have the potential to impact our consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Ris k Interest Rate Risk For loans held for sale to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and HUD, we are not currently exposed to unhedged interest rate risk during the loan commitment, closing, and delivery processes. The sale or placement of each loan to an investor is negotiated prior to closing on the loan with the borrower, and the sale or placement is typically effectuated within 60 days of closing. The coupon rate for the loan is set at the same time we establish the interest rate with the investor. Some of our assets and liabilities are subject to changes in interest rates. Earnings from escrows generally track the effective Federal Funds Rate EFFR ). The EFFR was 433 basis points and seven basis points as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table shows the impact on our annual escrow earnings due to a 100-basis point increase and decrease in EFFR based on our escrow balances 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 outstanding at each period end. A portion of these changes in earnings as a result of a 100-basis point increase in the EFFR would be delayed several months due to the negotiated nature of some of our escrow arrangements. 

As of December 31, Change in annual escrow earnings due to: (in thousands) 2022 2021 100 basis point increase in EFFR 26,933 37,249 100 basis point decrease in EFFR (1) (26,933) (3,662) The borrowing cost of our warehouse facilities used to fund loans held for sale, loans held for investment, and investments in tax credit equity is based on LIBOR or SOFR. The base SOFR was 430 basis points as of December 31, 2022. 30-day LIBOR as of December 31, 2021 was 10 basis points. The interest income on our loans held for investment is based on LIBOR or SOFR. The LIBOR or SOFR reset date for loans held for investment is the same date as the LIBOR or SOFR reset date for the corresponding warehouse facility. The following table shows the impact on our annual net warehouse interest income due to a 100-basis point increase and decrease in LIBOR or SOFR, based on our warehouse borrowings outstanding at each period end. The changes shown below do not reflect an increase or decrease in the interest rate earned on our loans held for sale. 

As of December 31, Change in annual net warehouse interest income due to: (in thousands) 2022 2021 100 basis point increase in SOFR or 30-day LIBOR (3,986) (16,062) 100 basis point decrease in SOFR or 30-day LIBOR (2) 3,986 573 Our Term Loan bears interest at SOFR plus 225 basis points with a SOFR floor of 50 basis points as of December 31, 2022. The following table shows the impact on our annual earnings due to a 100-basis point increase and decrease in SOFR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, based on our current and previous notes payable balance outstanding at each period end. The Alliant note payable is fixed-rate debt; therefore, there is no impact to our earnings related to this debt when interest rates change. 

As of December 31, Change in annual income from operations due to: (in thousands) 2022 2021 100 basis point increase in SOFR or 30-day LIBOR (5,940) (3,300) 100 basis point decrease in SOFR or 30-day LIBOR (2) 5,940 

 (1) The decrease as of December 31, 2021 is limited to EFFR in cases where the 100 basis point decrease resulted in a negative effective interest rate. (2) The decrease as of December 31, 2021 is limited to 30-day LIBOR or SOFR as of December 31, 2021, as they were less than 100 basis points, or the interest rate floor, if applicable. Market Value Risk The fair value of our MSRs is subject to market-value risk. A 100-basis point increase or decrease in the weighted average discount rate would decrease or increase, respectively, the fair value of our MSRs by approximately 43.4 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 38.4 million as of December 31, 2021. Our Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac servicing engagements provide for prepayment fees in the event of a voluntary prepayment prior to the expiration of the prepayment protection period. Our servicing contracts with institutional investors and HUD do not require them to provide us with prepayment fees. As of December 31, 2022, 90 of the servicing fees are protected from the risk of prepayment through prepayment provisions compared to 89 as of December 31, 2021; given this significant level of prepayment protection, we do not hedge our servicing portfolio for prepayment risk. London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR Transition In the first quarter of 2021, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, the regulator for the administration of LIBOR, announced specific dates for its intention to stop publishing LIBOR rates, including the 30-day LIBOR (our primary reference rate) which is scheduled for June 30, 2023. It is expected that legacy LIBOR-based loans will transition to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR on or before June 30, 2023. With respect to the loans we underwrite and service, we have been working closely with the GSEs on this matter through our participation on subcommittees and advisory councils. We continue to monitor our LIBOR exposure, review legal contracts and assess fallback language impacts, engage with our clients and other stakeholders, and monitor developments associated with LIBOR alternatives. We have also updated our debt agreements with warehouse facility providers to include fallback language governing the transition and have already transitioned our Term Loan and all but one of our warehouse facilities to SOFR. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The consolidated financial statements of Walker Dunlop, Inc. and subsidiaries and the notes related to the foregoing financial statements, together with the independent registered public accounting firm s report thereon, listed in Item 15, are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosur e. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedure s. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their audit report which is included herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We have integrated and continue to enhance the accounting processes and internal control over financial reporting for Alliant and its affiliates into our internal control over financial reporting environment. Item 9B. Other Information . None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance The information required by this item regarding directors, executive officers, corporate governance and our code of ethics is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2023 (the Proxy Statement under the captions BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE and EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Executive Officer Biographies. The information required by this item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 of 1934, as amended, is hereby incorporated by reference, if applicable, to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement under the caption VOTING SECURITIES OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. The information required by this Item 10 with respect to the availability of our code of ethics is provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Available Information. Item 11. Executive Compensation . The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement under the captions COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Compensation Committee Report and COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . The information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and securities authorized for issuance under our employee share-based compensation plans required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement under the captions VOTING SECURITIES OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT and COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Equity Compensation Plan Information. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference to material appearing in the Proxy Statement under the captions CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS and BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Information Director Independence. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement under the caption AUDIT-RELATED MATTERS. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The following documents are filed as part of this report: (a) Financial Statements 
 Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (b) Exhibits 

2.1 Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2010, by and among Mallory Walker, Howard W. Smith, William M. Walker, Taylor Walker, Richard C. Warner, Donna Mighty, Michael Yavinsky, Edward B. Hermes, Deborah A. Wilson and Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168535) filed on December 1, 2010) 2.2 Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2010, by and between Column Guaranteed LLC and Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168535) filed on December 1, 2010) 2.3 Amendment No. 1 to Contribution Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2010, by and between Column Guaranteed LLC and Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168535) filed on December 13, 2010) 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 2.4 Purchase Agreement, dated June 7, 2012, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., Walker Dunlop, LLC, CW Financial Services LLC and CWCapital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 15, 2012) 2.5 Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., WDAAC, LLC, Alliant Company, LLC, Alliant Capital, Ltd., Alliant Fund Asset Holdings, LLC, Alliant Asset Management Company, LLC, Alliant Strategic Investments II, LLC, ADC Communities, LLC, ADC Communities II, LLC, AFAH Finance, LLC, Alliant Fund Acquisitions, LLC, Vista Ridge 1, LLC, Alliant, Inc., Alliant ADC, Inc., Palm Drive Associates, LLC, and Shawn Horwitz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021) 2.6 Share Purchase Agreement dated February 4, 2022 by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., WD-GTE, LLC, GeoPhy B.V. GeoPhy ), the several persons and entities constituting the holders of all of GeoPhy s issued and outstanding shares of capital stock, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, as representative of the Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168535) filed on December 1, 2010) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023) 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168535) filed on September 30, 2010) 4.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Mallory Walker, Taylor Walker, William M. Walker, Howard W. Smith, III, Richard C. Warner, Donna Mighty, Michael Yavinsky, Ted Hermes, Deborah A. Wilson and Column Guaranteed LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2010) 4.3 Stockholders Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among William M. Walker, Mallory Walker, Column Guaranteed LLC and Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2010) 4.4 Piggy Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 7, 2012, by and among Column Guaranteed, LLC, William M. Walker, Mallory Walker, Howard W. Smith, III, Deborah A. Wilson, Richard C. Warner, CW Financial Services LLC and Walker Dunlop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012) 4.5 Voting Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2012, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., Walker Dunlop, LLC, Mallory Walker, William M. Walker, Richard Warner, Deborah Wilson, Richard M. Lucas, Howard W. Smith, III and CW Financial Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex C of the Company s proxy statement filed on July 26, 2012) 4.6 Voting Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2012, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., Walker Dunlop, LLC, Column Guaranteed, LLC and CW Financial Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex D of the Company s proxy statement filed on July 26, 2012) 4.7 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 10.1 Formation Agreement, dated January 30, 2009, by and among Green Park Financial Limited Partnership, Walker Dunlop, Inc., Column Guaranteed LLC and Walker Dunlop, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168535) filed on August 4, 2010) 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and William M. Walker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 10.3 Employment Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Howard W. Smith, III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 10.4 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 4, 2022, by and between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Stephen P. Theobald (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022) 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Richard M. Lucas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Paula A. Pryor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 10.7 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 4, 2022, by and between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Gregory A. Florkowski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022) 10.8 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2012) 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 10.9 Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 10.10 Amendment to the Walker Dunlop, Inc. Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2020) 10.11 Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Matching Program, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 10.12 Form of Restricted Common Stock Award Agreement (Employee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012) 10.13 Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Employee) (2010 Equity Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2015) 10.14 Form of Restricted Common Stock Award Agreement (Director) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012) 10.15 Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Director) (2010 Equity Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2015) 10.16 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012) 10.17 Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement Under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019) 10.18 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012) 10.19 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement (Matching Program) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012) 10.20 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Matching Program) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012) 10.21 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement (Purchase Plan, as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2015) 10.22 Form of Amendment to Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement (Purchase Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2015) 10.23 Walker Dunlop, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-204722) filed June 4, 2015) 10.24 Amendment No. 1 to Walker Dunlop, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016) 10.25 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019) 10.26 Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement Under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019) 10.27 

Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-204722) filed June 4, 2015) 

 10.28 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-204722) filed June 4, 2015) 10.29 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-204722) filed June 4, 2015) 10.30 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Matching Program) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-204722) filed June 4, 2015) 10.31 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Agreement (Matching Program) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-204722) filed June 4, 2015) 10.32 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Transfer Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019) 10.33 Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Plan, as amended and restated effective May 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017) 10.34 Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Matching Program, as amended and restated effective May 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017) 10.35 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement (Purchase Plan, as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017) 10.36 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement (Matching Program) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017) 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 10.37 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Matching Program) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017) 10.38 Walker Dunlop, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016) 10.39 Walker Dunlop, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors Election Form (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016) 10.40 Walker Dunlop, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016) 10.41 Walker Dunlop, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 27, 2020) 10.42 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.43 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.44 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021) 10.45 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement with Over-Performance Stock Units under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021) 10.46 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.47 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.48 Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Matching Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.49 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Matching Program) under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.50 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Agreement (Management Deferred Stock Unit Purchase Matching Program) under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.51 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Transfer Agreement under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-238259) filed May 14, 2020) 10.52 Indemnification Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and William M. Walker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010) 10.53 Indemnification Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Howard W. Smith, III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010) 10.54 Indemnification Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and John Rice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010) 10.55 Indemnification Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Richard M. Lucas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010) 10.56 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 4, 2022, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Gregory A. Florkowski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022) 10.57 Indemnification Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Alan J. Bowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010) 10.58 Indemnification Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Dana L. Schmaltz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010) 10.59 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Paula A. Pryor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 10.60 Indemnification Agreement, dated March 3, 2013, between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Stephen P. Theobald (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2013) 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 10.61 Indemnification Agreement, dated November 2, 2012, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Michael D. Malone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012) 10.62 Indemnification Agreement, dated February 28, 2017, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Michael J. Warren (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017) 10.63 Indemnification Agreement, dated March 6, 2019, by and between Walked Dunlop, Inc. and Ellen D. Levy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019) 10.64 Indemnification Agreement, dated March 3, 2021, by and between Walked Dunlop, Inc. and Donna C. Wells (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021) 10.65 Performance Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013) 10.66 Walker Dunlop, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2019) 10.67 Form of Trust Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2019) 10.68 Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2017, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2017) 10.69 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2017, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2017) 10.70 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2018, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2018) 10.71 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2019) 10.72 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2019, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2019) 10.73 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2020, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2020) 10.74 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2020, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2020) 10.75 Seventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2020, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2020) 10.76 Eighth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2020, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2020) 10.77 Ninth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2021) 10.78 Tenth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2021) 10.79 Eleventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2022) 10.80 Twelfth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2022, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2022) 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 10.81 Second Amended and Restated Guaranty and Suretyship Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2017, by Walker Dunlop, Inc. in favor of PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2017) 10.82 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2019, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020) 10.83 Guaranty, dated as of August 26, 2019, by Walker Dunlop, Inc. in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020) 10.84 Side Letter, dated as of August 26, 2019, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020) 10.85 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020) 10.86 First Amendment to Side Letter, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020) 10.87 Amendment No. 2 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021) 10.88 Amendment No. 3 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021) 10.89 Amendment No. 4 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2022, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2022) 10.90 Amendment No. 5 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2022, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2023) 10.91 Amended and Restated Letter, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021) 10.92 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Letter, dated as of September 15, 2022, by and among Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2022) 10.93 Closing Side Letter, dated as of September 4, 2012, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., CW Financial Services LLC and CWCapital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012) 10.94 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2012, by and between Walker Dunlop, Inc. and CW Financial Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012) 10.95 Closing Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2012, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., CW Financial Services LLC and CWCapital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012) 10.96 Transfer and Joinder Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2012, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., CW Financial Services LLC and Galaxy Acquisition LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012) 10.97 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., as borrower, the lenders referred to therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as sole lead arranger and bookrunner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021) 10.98 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among Walker Dunlop, Inc., as borrower, certain subsidiaries of Walker Dunlop, Inc., as subsidiary guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021) 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 10.99 Lender Joinder Agreement and Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 12, 2023, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among the Company, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, as administrative agent and an Incremental Term B Lender, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2023). 21 List of Subsidiaries of Walker Dunlop, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 23 Consent of KPMG LLP (Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm) 31.1 Certification of Walker Dunlop, Inc.'s Chief Executive Offer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 31.2 Certification of Walker Dunlop, Inc.'s Chief Financial Offer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 32 Certification of Walker Dunlop, Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained an Exhibit 101) 

 : Denotes a management contract or compensation plan, contract or arrangement. : Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish copies of any such schedules (or similar attachments) to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. : Filed herewith. : Furnished herewith. Information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K furnished herewith shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE S Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Walker Dunlop, Inc. 

By: /s/ William M. Walker William M. Walker Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 23, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ William M. Walker Chairman and Chief Executive February 23, 2023 William M. Walker Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Howard W. Smith, III President and Director February 23, 2023 Howard W. Smith, III /s/ Ellen D. Levy Director February 23, 2023 Ellen D. Levy /s/ Michael D. Malone Director February 23, 2023 Michael D. Malone /s/ John Rice Director February 23, 2023 John Rice /s/ Dana L. Schmaltz Director February 23, 2023 Dana L. Schmaltz /s/ Michael J. Warren Director February 23, 2023 Michael J. Warren /s/ Donna C. Wells Director February 23, 2023 Donna C. Wells /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial February 23, 2023 Gregory A. Florkowski Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

62 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTENTS PAGE Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements of Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-8 F-9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-11 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors Walker Dunlop, Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Walker Dunlop, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Initial Valuation of Mortgage Servicing Rights As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net presented on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income amounted to 192 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. At the loan commitment date, the fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing (the initial fair value of servicing rights) is recognized as a derivative asset on the consolidated balance sheets and reclassified as capitalized mortgage servicing rights at the loan sale date. The measurement of the fair value of servicing rights requires certain assumptions, including the estimated life of the loan, discount rate, escrow earnings rate and servicing cost. The estimated net cash flows are discounted at a rate that reflects the credit and liquidity risk over the estimated life of the underlying loan (DCF method). The estimated life of the loan includes consideration of the prepayment provisions. The estimated earnings rate on escrow accounts associated with servicing the loan increases estimated future cash flows, and the estimated future cost to service the loan decreases estimated future cash flows. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the assessment of the initial fair value of servicing rights as a critical audit matter. The assessment involved significant measurement and valuation uncertainty requiring complex auditor judgment. It also required specialized skills and knowledge because of the level of judgment and limited publicly available transactional and market participant data. Our assessment encompassed the evaluation of the significant assumptions used in estimating the net cash flows for determining the initial fair value of servicing rights, which included the discount rate and escrow earnings rate. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the initial fair value of servicing rights, including controls over the: (1) identification and determination of the significant assumptions (discount rate and escrow earnings rate) used in estimating the net cash flows, and (2) preparation and measurement of the fair value of servicing rights for each loan. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the significant assumptions (discount rate and escrow earnings rate). The evaluation of these assumptions included comparing them against ranges that were developed using industry market survey data for comparable entities and loans. We performed sensitivity analyses over the significant assumptions to assess their impact on the Company s determination of the initial fair value of servicing rights. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. February 23, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Walker Dunlop, Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Walker Dunlop, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP McLean, Virginia February 23, 2023 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiarie s Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Pledged securities, at fair value Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for investment, net Mortgage servicing rights Goodwill Other intangible assets Receivables, net Committed investments in tax credit equity Other assets Total assets Liabilities Warehouse notes payable Notes payable Allowance for risk-sharing obligations Deferred tax liabilities, net Commitments to fund investments in tax credit equity Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock (authorized shares; issued) Common stock par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021) Additional paid-in capital ("APIC") Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Commitments and contingencies (NOTES 2 and 9) Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (In thousands, except per share data) For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net Servicing fees Property sales broker fees Investment management fees Net warehouse interest income Escrow earnings and other interest income Other revenues Total revenues Expenses Personnel Amortization and depreciation Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Interest expense on corporate debt Other operating expenses Total expenses Income from operations Income tax expense Net income before noncontrolling interests Less: net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Walker Dunlop net income Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on pledged available-for-sale securities, net of taxes ) Walker Dunlop comprehensive income Basic earnings per share (NOTE 11) Diluted earnings per share (NOTE 11) Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (in thousands) 

Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Retained Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount APIC AOCI Earnings Interests Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 Cumulative-effect adjustment for adoption of ASU 2016-02, net of tax ) ) Walker Dunlop net income Net loss from noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Stock-based compensation - equity classified Issuance of common stock in connection with equity compensation plans Repurchase and retirement of common stock (NOTE 11) ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends paid per common share) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Walker Dunlop net income Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Stock-based compensation - equity classified Issuance of common stock in connection with equity compensation plans Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Repurchase and retirement of common stock (NOTE 11) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests from acquisition Cash dividends paid per common share) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Walker Dunlop net income Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation - equity classified Issuance of common stock in connection with equity compensation plans Repurchase and retirement of common stock (NOTE 11) ) ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders ) ) Cash dividends paid per common share) ) ) Other activity (NOTE 11) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income before noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Gains attributable to the fair value of future servicing rights, net of guaranty obligation ) ) ) Change in the fair value of premiums and origination fees (NOTE 2) ) Amortization and depreciation Stock compensation-equity and liability classified Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Deferred tax expense Fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities ) Cash paid to settle risk-sharing obligations ) Gain from revaluation of previously held equity-method investment ) Originations of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from transfers of loans held for sale Other operating activities, net Changes in: Receivables, net ) ) Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of equity-method investments ) ) ) Purchases of pledged available-for-sale ("AFS") securities ) ) ) Proceeds from prepayment and sale of pledged AFS securities Investments in joint ventures ) ) ) Distributions from joint ventures Acquisitions, net of cash received ) ) ) Originations of loans held for investment ) ) ) Principal collected on loans held for investment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings (repayments) of warehouse notes payable, net ) ) Borrowings of interim warehouse notes payable Repayments of interim warehouse notes payable ) ) ) Repayments of notes payable ) ) ) Borrowings of notes payable Repayment of secured borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents (NOTE 2) ) 
 F-8 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (CONTINUED) (In thousands) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of period Total of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid to third parties for interest Cash paid for income taxes For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Activity: Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of common stock to settle compensation liabilities Issuance of common stock to settle contingent consideration liabilities (NOTE 7) Net increase (decrease) in total equity due to consolidations of tax credit entities (NOTE 11) Net increase (decrease) in total assets due to consolidations of tax credit entities (NOTE 11) Net increase (decrease) in total liabilities due to consolidations of tax credit entities (NOTE 11) Forgiveness of receivables related to acquisitions (NOTE 7) Additions of contingent consideration liabilities from acquisitions (NOTE 7) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-9 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, between and for the year ended December 31, 2020, and varied based on loan type. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 based upon the expiration or reduction of the prepayment provisions prior to the stated maturity date. The Company s model for MSRs assumes no prepayment while the prepayment provisions have not expired and full prepayment of the loan at or near the point where the prepayment provisions have expired. The Company s historical experience is that the prepayment provisions typically do not provide a significant deterrent to a borrower s paying off the loan within six to of the expiration of the prepayment provisions. Escrow Earnings The estimated earnings rate on escrow accounts associated with the servicing of the loans for the life of the MSR is added to the estimated future cash flows. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of capitalized MSRs at loan sale are based on internal models and are compared to assumptions used by other market participants periodically. When such comparisons indicate that these assumptions have changed significantly, the Company adjusts its assumptions accordingly. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company adjusted the escrow earnings rate assumption twice based on changes observed from other market participants. Additionally, the Company made adjustments to the discount rates in 2021 and escrow earnings rate in 2021 and 2022 based on observations from other market participants and economic conditions. Subsequent to the initial measurement date, MSRs are amortized using the interest method over the period that servicing income is expected to be received and presented as a component of Amortization and depreciation in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The individual loan-level MSR is written off through a charge to Amortization and depreciation when a loan prepays, defaults, or is probable of default. The Company evaluates all MSRs for impairment quarterly. The predominant risk characteristic affecting the MSRs is prepayment risk, and we do not believe there is sufficient variation within the portfolio to warrant stratification. Therefore, we assess MSR impairment at the portfolio level. The Company engages a third party to assist in determining an estimated fair value of our existing and outstanding MSRs on at least a semi-annual basis. ; each of these various loan terms has a different runoff rate. The Company uses its historical runoff rate for each of the different loan term pools as a proxy for the expected runoff rate. The Company believes that borrower behavior and macroeconomic conditions will not deviate significantly from historical performance over the 
 F-11 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 for its reasonable and supportable forecast period (the forecast period ). The Company uses a forecast of unemployment rates, historically a highly correlated indicator for multifamily occupancy rates, and general economic forecasts from third parties to assess what macroeconomic and multifamily market conditions are expected to be like over the coming year. The Company then associates the forecasted conditions with a similar historical period over the past ten years, which could be one or several years, and uses the Company s average loss rate for that historical period as a basis for the loss rate used for the forecast period. The Company reverts to the historical loss rate over a period on a straight-line basis. For all remaining years until maturity, the Company uses the historical loss rate as described above to estimate losses. The average loss rate from a historical period used for the forecast period may be adjusted as necessary if the forecasted macroeconomic and industry conditions differ materially from the historical period. Identification of Collateral-Based Reserves for Defaulted Loans The Company monitors the performance of each risk-sharing loan for events or conditions which may signal a potential default. The Company s process for identifying which risk-sharing loans may be probable of default consists of an assessment of several qualitative and quantitative factors, including payment status, property financial performance, local real estate market conditions, loan-to-value ratio, debt-service-coverage ratio DSCR ), property condition, and financial strength of the borrower or key principal(s). In instances where payment under the guaranty on a specific loan is determined to be probable (as the loan is probable of foreclosure or has foreclosed), the Company separately measures the expected loss through an assessment of the underlying fair value of the asset, disposition costs, and the risk-sharing percentage (the collateral-based reserve through a charge to the provision for risk-sharing obligations, which is a component of Provision (benefit) for credit losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. These loans are removed from the WARM calculation described above, and the associated loan-specific mortgage servicing right and guaranty obligation are written off. The expected loss on the risk-sharing obligation is dependent on the fair value of the underlying property as the loans are collateral dependent. Historically, initial recognition of a 
 F-12 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 delinquent. The amount of the collateral-based reserve considers historical loss experience, adverse situations affecting individual loans, the estimated disposition value of the underlying collateral, and the level of risk sharing. The estimate of property fair value at initial recognition of the collateral-based reserve is based on appraisals, broker opinions of value, or net operating income and market capitalization rates, depending on the facts and circumstances associated with the loan and underlying collateral. The Company regularly monitors the collateral-based reserves on all applicable loans and updates loss estimates as current information is received. The settlement with Fannie Mae is based on the actual sales price of the property and selling and property preservation costs and considers the Fannie Mae loss-sharing requirements. The maximum amount of the loss the Company absorbs at the time of default is generally of the origination UPB of the loan. ) Provision (benefit) for risk-sharing obligations ) ) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) reporting units, each of which is a component of either the Capital Markets segment or the Servicing Asset Management segment. The Company performs its impairment testing annually as of October 1 for each reporting unit for which goodwill has been allocated. The Company s October 1, 2022 impairment test consisted of a qualitative assessment of each reporting unit as there were no indicators of a change in fair value; therefore, the Company concluded that the determination of the fair value of any reporting unit was unnecessary. As seen in NOTE 7, there was a reduction to the contingent consideration related to the Company s Valuation Advisory reporting unit (included in the Company s Capital Markets reportable segment). The Company concluded that this reduction in the contingent consideration was not an indicator that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value because the change in the earnout was the result of the timing of the projected cash flows and operating results earnout metrics ). The contingent consideration is eligible to be earned over a period. At acquisition, a high amount of the earnout metrics was projected to be achieved over the earn-out period. Due to the macroeconomic conditions present during 2022, the Company s projections for the earnout metrics were reduced for the earnout period and increased for periods beyond the earnout period. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. from the date that a mortgage loan is funded. The Company elects to measure all originated loans at fair value, unless the Company documents at the time the loan is originated that it will measure the specific loan at the lower of cost or fair value for the life of the loan. Electing to use fair value allows a better offset of the change in fair value of the loan and the change in fair value of the derivative instruments used as economic hedges. During the period prior to its sale, interest income on a loan held for sale is calculated in accordance with the terms of the individual loan. There were loans held for sale that were valued at the lower of cost or fair value or on a non-accrual status at December 31, 2022 and 2021. period based solely on continued employment. Restricted stock awards for non-employee directors fully vest after . Awards issued to the Company's production personnel sometimes vest over a period greater than . The Company offers a performance share plan PSP principally for the Company s executives and certain other members of senior management. The performance period for each PSP is three full calendar years beginning on January 1 of the grant year. Participants in the PSP receive restricted stock units RSUs on the grant date for the PSP in an amount equal to achievement of all performance targets at a maximum level. If the performance targets are met at the end of the performance period and the participant remains employed by the Company, the participant fully vests in the RSUs, which immediately convert to unrestricted shares of common stock. If the performance targets are not met at the maximum level, the participant generally forfeits a portion of the RSUs. Generally, if the participant is no longer employed by the Company, the participant forfeits all of the RSUs. The performance targets for all the PSPs issued by the Company are based on meeting diluted earnings per share, return on equity, and total revenues goals. The Company records compensation expense for the PSP based on the grant-date fair value in an amount proportionate to the service time rendered by the participant and the expected achievement level of the goals. Compensation expense for restricted shares is adjusted for actual forfeitures and is recognized on a straight-line basis, for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award were in substance multiple awards, over the requisite service period of the award. Share-based compensation is recognized within the income statement as Personnel , the same expense line as the cash compensation paid to the respective employees. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 and are all interest-only, multifamily loans with similar risk characteristics and no geographic concentration. The loans are carried at their unpaid principal balances, adjusted for net unamortized loan fees and costs, and net of any allowance for loan losses. As of December 31, 2022, Loans held for investment, net consisted of loans with an aggregate million of unpaid principal balance less million of net unamortized deferred fees and costs and million of allowance for loan losses. As of December 31, 2021, Loans held for investment, net consisted of loans with an aggregate million of unpaid principal balance less million of net unamortized deferred fees and costs and million of allowance for loan losses. As of December, 31 2020, the Company had a portfolio of participating interest in loans held for investment accounted as a secured borrowing that was paid off in 2021, with the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the loans of million presented as a component of Loans held for investment, net and the secured borrowing of million presented within Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company assesses the credit quality of loans held for investment in the same manner as it does for the loans in the Fannie Mae at-risk portfolio as described above and records an allowance for these loans as necessary. The allowance for loan losses is estimated collectively for loans with similar characteristics. The collective allowance is based on the same methodology that the Company uses to estimate its allowance for risk-sharing obligations under the CECL standard for at-risk Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing DUS loans (with the exception of a reversion period) because the nature of the underlying collateral is the same, and the loans have similar characteristics, except they are significantly shorter in maturity. The reasonable and supportable forecast period used for the CECL allowance for loans held for investment is one year. loan held for investment with an unpaid principal balance of million was delinquent and on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company had million and million in collateral-based reserves for this loan as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and has not recorded any interest related to this loan since it went on non-accrual status. All other loans were current as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amortized cost basis of loans that were current as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million, million and million of the loans that were current were originated in 2022, 2021, and 2019, respectively. loans originated in 2020 were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Prior to 2019, the Company had not experienced any delinquencies related to loans held for investment. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Restricted cash Pledged cash and cash equivalents (NOTE 9) Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents million and million for the years December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Included in Net warehouse interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 2020 are the following components: Warehouse interest expense - loans held for sale ) ) ) Net warehouse interest income - loans held for sale Warehouse interest income - loans held for investment Warehouse interest expense - loans held for investment ) ) ) Net warehouse interest income - loans held for investment 
 F-16 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 - years to meet the qualifications for the tax credit benefit. Cash distributions are made from the low-income housing project to the LIHTC fund. These distributions are subject to significant uncertainty as to the amount and timing as they are dependent upon the availability of cash for distribution, operating performance, and liquidity of the low-income housing project investments. Due to this significant uncertainty, the Company considers the contractual AMF to be variable consideration, substantially all of which is constrained. The Company estimates the amount of consideration not subject to the constraint at each quarterly reporting period. The amount of AMF revenue recognized each period is based on an assessment of the projected cash collections expected over the next twelve months. This projection is based on historical distributions and other considerations. The Company recognized asset management fees of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The asset management fees for the year ended December 31, 2021, were immaterial as the acquisition of Alliant occurred in December 2021. The AMF receivable was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The asset management fee receivable is included in Receivables, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the AMF revenue is included within Investment management fees in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The following table presents information about the Company s contracts with customers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net Property sales broker fees Property sales broker fees Investment management fees Investment management fees Application fees, appraisal revenues, subscription revenues, other revenues from LIHTC operations, and other revenues Other revenues Total revenues derived from contracts with customers 
 F-17 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. from the date that a mortgage loan is funded. There is no material residual counterparty risk with respect to the Company's funding commitments as each potential borrower must make a non-refundable good faith deposit when the funding commitment is executed. The counterparty to the forward sale is Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or a broker-dealer that has been determined to be a credit-worthy counterparty by us and our warehouse lenders. There is a risk that the purchase price agreed to by the investor will be reduced in the event of a late delivery. The risk for non-delivery of a loan primarily results from the risk that a borrower does not close on the funding commitment in a timely manner. This risk is generally mitigated by the non-refundable good faith deposit. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 billion and billion, respectively. The Company uses a discounted static cash flow valuation approach, and the key economic assumption is the discount rate. See the following sensitivities related to the discount rate: The impact of a -basis point increase in the discount rate as of December 31, 2022 would be a decrease in the fair value of million to the MSRs outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The impact of a -basis point increase in the discount rate as of December 31, 2022 would be a decrease in the fair value of million to the MSRs outstanding as of December 31, 2022. These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. These estimates do not include interplay among assumptions and are estimated as a portfolio rather than individual assets. Activity related to capitalized MSRs (net of accumulated amortization) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: Additions, following the sale of loan Amortization ) ) Pre-payments and write-offs ) ) Ending balance The following table summarizes the gross value, accumulated amortization, and net carrying value of the Company s MSRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying value The expected amortization of MSRs held in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 is shown in the table below. Actual amortization may vary from these estimates. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total The Company recorded write-offs of MSRs related to loans that were repaid prior to the expected maturity and loans that defaulted. These write-offs are included as a component of the MSR roll forward shown above and as a component of Amortization and depreciation in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Prepayment fees totaling million, million, and million were earned for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and are included as a component of Other revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Escrow earnings totaling million, million, and million were earned for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and are 
 F-19 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 years. Provision (benefit) for risk-sharing obligations ) ) Write-offs ) Ending balance 
 F-20 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 N/A Reversion-period loss rate in basis points N/A Historical loss rate in basis points N/A At-risk Fannie Mae servicing portfolio UPB in billions N/A CECL allowance (in millions) N/A Provision (benefit) for risk-sharing obligations in millions ) ) ) ) 2021 CECL Calculation Details and Provision Impact Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Total Forecast-period loss rate in basis points N/A Reversion-period loss rate in basis points N/A Historical loss rate in basis points N/A At-risk Fannie Mae servicing portfolio UPB in billions N/A CECL allowance (in millions) N/A Provision (benefit) for risk-sharing obligations in millions ) ) ) 2020 CECL Calculation Details and Provision Impact Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Total Forecast-period loss rate in basis points N/A Reversion-period loss rate in basis points N/A Historical loss rate in basis points N/A At-risk Fannie Mae servicing portfolio UPB in billions N/A CECL allowance (in millions) N/A Provision (benefit) for risk-sharing obligations in millions The weighted-average remaining life of the at-risk Fannie Mae servicing portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was years compared to years as of December 31, 2021. loans had aggregate collateral-based reserves of million as of December 31, 2022 compared to loans that had an aggregate collateral-based reserves of million as of December 31, 2021. Activity related to the guaranty obligation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: Additions, following the sale of loan Amortization and write-offs ) ) Ending balance As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the maximum quantifiable contingent liability associated with the Company s guarantees under the Fannie Mae DUS agreement was billion and billion, respectively. This maximum quantifiable contingent liability relates to the at-risk loans serviced for Fannie Mae at the specific point in time indicated. The maximum quantifiable contingent liability is not representative of the actual loss the Company would incur. The Company would be liable for this amount only if all of the loans it services for Fannie Mae, for which the Company retains some risk of loss, were to default and all of the collateral underlying these loans were determined to be without value at the time of settlement. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to billion as of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, custodial escrow accounts relating to loans serviced by the Company totaled billion and billion, respectively. These amounts are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as such amounts are not Company assets; however, the Company is entitled to placement fees on these escrow balances, presented within Escrow earnings and other interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Certain cash deposits at other financial institutions exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. The Company places these deposits with financial institutions that meet the requirements of the Agencies and where it believes the risk of loss to be minimal. billion with certain national banks and a billion uncommitted facility with Fannie Mae (collectively, the Agency Warehouse Facilities ). In support of these Agency Warehouse Facilities, the Company pledged substantially all of its loans held for sale under the Company's approved programs. The Company s ability to originate mortgage loans for sale depends upon its ability to secure and maintain these types of short-term financings on acceptable terms. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had warehouse lines of credit in the amount of billion with certain national banks to assist in funding loans held for investment under the Interim Loan Program Interim Warehouse Facilities ). The Company had pledged substantially all of its loans held for investment against these Interim Warehouse Facilities. The Company s ability to originate loans held for investment depends upon market conditions, and its ability to secure and maintain these types of short-term financings on acceptable terms. The interest rate for all our warehouse facilities is based on either an Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). The maximum amount and outstanding borrowings under Warehouse notes payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follow: SOFR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #2 SOFR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #3 SOFR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #4 SOFR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #5 SOFR plus Total National Bank Agency Warehouse Facilities Fannie Mae repurchase agreement, uncommitted line and open maturity Total Agency Warehouse Facilities Interim Warehouse Facility #1 SOFR plus Interim Warehouse Facility #2 SOFR plus to Interim Warehouse Facility #3 30-day LIBOR plus to Interim Warehouse Facility #4 SOFR plus Total National Bank Interim Warehouse Facilities Tax Credit Equity Warehouse Facility Daily SOFR plus Debt issuance costs ) Total warehouse facilities 
 F-22 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 SOFR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #2 30-day LIBOR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #3 30-day LIBOR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #4 30-day LIBOR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #5 SOFR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #6 30-day LIBOR plus Agency Warehouse Facility #7 30-day LIBOR plus Total National Bank Agency Warehouse Facilities Fannie Mae repurchase agreement, uncommitted line and open maturity Total Agency Warehouse Facilities Interim Warehouse Facility #1 30-day LIBOR plus Interim Warehouse Facility #2 30-day LIBOR plus to Interim Warehouse Facility #3 30-day LIBOR plus to Interim Warehouse Facility #4 30-day LIBOR plus Total National Bank Interim Warehouse Facilities Tax Credit Equity Warehouse Facility Daily LIBOR plus Debt issuance costs ) Total warehouse facilities 

 (1) Interest rate presented does not include the effect of interest rate floors. Interest expense under the warehouse notes payable for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 aggregated to million, million, and million, respectively. Included in interest expense in 2022, 2021, and 2020 are the amortization of facility fees totaling million, million, and million, respectively. The warehouse notes payable are subject to various financial covenants, and the Company was in compliance with all such covenants at December 31, 2022. Agency Warehouse Facilities The following section provides a summary of the key terms related to each of the Agency Warehouse Facilities. During 2022, the Company allowed two Agency warehouse facilities to mature according to their terms. The Company believes that the remaining committed and uncommitted credit facilities from national banks and the uncommitted credit facility from Fannie Mae provide the Company with sufficient borrowing capacity to conduct its Agency lending operations. Agency Warehouse Facility #1: The Company has a warehousing credit and security agreement with a national bank for a million committed warehouse line that is scheduled to mature on . The agreement provides the Company with the ability to fund Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, and FHA loans. Advances are made at of the loan balance and borrowings under this line bear interest at SOFR plus basis points. The agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that are binding on the Company s operating subsidiary, Walker Dunlop, LLC (which are in some cases subject to exceptions), including, but not limited to, restrictions on its ability to assume, guarantee, or become contingently liable for the obligation of another person, to undertake certain fundamental changes such as reorganizations, mergers, amendments to the Company s certificate of formation or operating agreement, liquidations, dissolutions or dispositions or acquisitions of assets or businesses, to cease to be directly or indirectly wholly owned by the Company, to pay any subordinated debt in advance of its stated maturity or to take any action that would cause Walker Dunlop, LLC to lose all or any part of its status as an eligible lender, seller, servicer or issuer or any license or approval required for it to engage in the business of originating, acquiring, or servicing mortgage loans. During 2022, the Company executed amendments to the agreement that decreased the committed borrowing capacity from million to million, at the Company s request, added million of uncommitted borrowing capacity, updated one of the financial covenants, and extended the maturity date. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million committed warehouse line that is scheduled to mature on . The committed warehouse facility provides the Company with the ability to fund Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, and FHA loans. Advances are made at of the loan balance, and borrowings under this line bear interest at SOFR plus basis points. In addition to the committed borrowing capacity, the agreement provides million of uncommitted borrowing capacity that bears interest at the same rate as the committed facility. During 2022, the Company executed amendments to the warehouse agreement that extended the maturity date and transitioned the interest rate from 30-day LIBOR plus basis points to SOFR plus basis points. Agency Warehouse Facility #3: The Company has a million committed warehouse credit and security agreement with a national bank that is scheduled to mature on . The committed warehouse facility provides the Company with the ability to fund Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD and FHA loans. Advances are made at of the loan balance, and the borrowings under the warehouse agreement bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus basis points. In addition to the committed borrowing capacity, the agreement provides million of uncommitted borrowing capacity that bears interest at the same rate as the committed facility. During 2022, the Company executed amendments to the warehouse agreement related to this facility that extended the maturity date, transitioned the interest rate from 30-day LIBOR plus basis points to SOFR plus basis points with an SOFR floor of basis points, and updated one of the financial covenants. Agency Warehouse Facility #4: The Company has a million committed warehouse credit and security agreement with a national bank that is scheduled to mature on . The committed warehouse facility provides the Company with the ability to fund Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, and FHA loans and has a sublimit of million to fund defaulted HUD and FHA loans. Advances are made at of the loan balance, and the borrowings under the warehouse agreement bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus basis points. During 2022, the Company executed an amendment that extended the maturity date, increased the total borrowing capacity to million from million, and transitioned the interest rate from 30-day LIBOR plus basis points to SOFR plus basis points. Agency Warehouse Facility #5: The Company has a master repurchase agreement with a national bank for a billion uncommitted advance credit facility that is scheduled to mature on . The facility provides the Company with the ability to fund Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, and FHA loans. Advances are made at of the loan balance, and the borrowings under the repurchase agreement bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus basis points. During 2022, the Company executed amendments to extend the maturity and updated one of the financial covenants. Uncommitted Agency Warehouse Facility: The Company has a billion uncommitted facility with Fannie Mae under its ASAP funding program. After approval of certain loan documents, Fannie Mae will fund loans after closing, and the advances are used to repay the primary warehouse line. Fannie Mae will advance of the loan balance. There is no expiration date for this facility. The uncommitted facility has no specific negative or financial covenants. Interim Warehouse Facilities The following section provides a summary of the key terms related to each of the Interim Warehouse Facilities. Interim Warehouse Facility #1 : The Company has a million committed warehouse line agreement that is scheduled to mature on . The facility provides the Company with the ability to fund first mortgage loans on multifamily real estate properties for periods of up to , using available cash in combination with advances under the facility. Borrowings under the facility are full recourse to the Company and bear interest at SOFR plus basis points. Repayments under the credit agreement are interest-only, with principal repayments made upon the earlier of the refinancing of an underlying mortgage or the maturity of an advance under the credit agreement. During 2022, the Company executed amendments to the agreement that extended the maturity date, transitioned the interest rate from 30-day LIBOR plus basis points to SOFR plus basis points, and updated one of the financial covenants. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million committed warehouse line agreement that is scheduled to mature on . The agreement provides the Company with the ability to fund first mortgage loans on multifamily real estate properties for periods of up to , using available cash in combination with advances under the facility. Borrowings under the facility are full recourse to the Company. All borrowings bear interest at SOFR plus to basis points the spread ). The spread varies according to the type of asset the borrowing finances. The lender retains a first priority security interest in all mortgages funded by such advances on a cross-collateralized basis. Repayments under the credit agreement are interest-only, with principal repayments made upon the earlier of the refinancing of an underlying mortgage or the maturity of an advance under the credit agreement. During 2022, the Company executed an amendment that extended the maturity date to and transitioned the interest rate from 30-day LIBOR plus to basis points to SOFR plus to basis points, with a SOFR floor of basis points. Interim Warehouse Facility #3 : The Company has a million repurchase agreement with a national bank that is scheduled to mature on . The agreement provides the Company with the ability to fund first mortgage loans on multifamily real estate properties for periods of up to , using available cash in combination with advances under the facility. Borrowings under the facility are full recourse to the Company. The borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a rate of 30-day LIBOR plus to basis points. The spread varies according to the type of asset the borrowing finances. Repayments under the credit agreement are interest-only, with principal repayments made upon the earlier of the refinancing of an underlying mortgage or the maturity of an advance under the credit agreement. During 2022, the Company executed an amendment that extended the maturity date. Interim Warehouse Facility #4 : The Company has a million warehouse loan and security agreement with a national bank that funds specific loan. The agreement provides for a maturity date to coincide with the earlier of the maturity date for the underlying loan or the stated maturity date of . Borrowings under the facility are full recourse and bear interest at SOFR plus basis points, with a floor of basis points. Repayments under the credit agreement are interest-only, with principal repayments made upon the earlier of the refinancing of an underlying mortgage or the maturity of an advance under the credit agreement. During 2022, the Company executed an amendment that extended the stated maturity date to and transitioned the interest rate from 30-day LIBOR plus basis points to SOFR plus basis points with an SOFR floor of basis points. The Company believes that the interim credit facilities from national banks and its corporate cash provide it with sufficient borrowing capacity to conduct its Interim Loan Program lending operations. Both the Agency Warehouse Facilities and Interim Warehouse Facilities require compliance with certain financial covenants, which are measured for the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, which include but are not limited to minimum tangible net worth requirements, minimum liquidity requirements, minimum servicing portfolio UPB requirements, debt service coverage ratios, and other customary financial covenants. The agreements contains customary events of default, which are in some cases subject to certain exceptions, thresholds, notice requirements, and grace periods. The warehouse agreements contain cross-default provisions, such that if a default occurs under any of the Company s warehouse agreements, generally the lenders under the other warehouse agreements could also declare a default. The Company is in compliance with all of its Agency and Interim warehouse facility covenants. Tax Credit Equity Warehouse Facility: The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Alliant Capital, Ltd. Alliant ), has a warehouse line of credit with a national bank that is used to fund the Company s Committed investments in tax credit equity before transferring them to a tax credit fund. The warehouse facility is a revolving commitment that is expected to renew at maturity. In October 2022, the Company, through Alliant, replaced the previous Tax Credit Equity Warehouse Facility with a new warehouse facility. The facility is scheduled to mature on and is guaranteed by the Company. The facility provides Alliant with up to million in committed borrowing capacity to fund investments in affordable housing limited partnerships that also secure the borrowings. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at SOFR plus basis points, with a SOFR floor of basis points. In conjunction with the 
 F-25 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million term loan (the Term Loan ). The Term loan was issued at a discount, has a stated maturity date of (or, if earlier, the date of acceleration of the Term Loan pursuant to the term of the Term Loan Agreement) , and bears interest at SOFR plus basis points with a SOFR floor of basis points. At any time, the Company may also elect to request or more incremental term loan commitments not to exceed million and of trailing four-quarter Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , provided that the total indebtedness would not cause the leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to exceed to 1.00. On January 12, 2023, the Company entered into a lender joinder agreement and amendment to the Credit Agreement that provided for an increment term loan Incremental Term Loan with a principal amount of million, modified the ratio thresholds related to mandatory prepayments, and included a provision that allows additional types of indebtedness. The Incremental Term Loan was issued at a discount and contains similar repayment terms as the Term Loan. The Company used approximately million of the proceeds to pay off the Alliant note payable, accrued interest, and other fees. The Company is obligated to make principal payments on the Incremental Term Loan in consecutive quarterly installments equal to of the aggregate original principal amount of the Incremental Term Loan on the last business day of each March, June, September, and December that commences on June 30, 2023. The Company is obligated to make principal payments on the Term Loan in consecutive quarterly installments equal to of the aggregate original principal amount of the term loan on the last business day of each of March, June, September, and December that commenced on March 31, 2022. The term loan also requires certain other prepayments in certain circumstances pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement. The remaining unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan and Incremental Term Loan is required to be paid in full on December 16, 2028 (or, if earlier, the date of acceleration of the term loan pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement) and will be in an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding principal of the Term Loan and Incremental Term Loan on such date (together with all accrued interest thereon). The obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Walker Dunlop Multifamily, Inc., Walker Dunlop, LLC, Walker Dunlop Capital, LLC, W D BE, Inc., and Walker Dunlop Investment Sales, LLC, each of which is a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (together with the Company, the Loan Parties ), pursuant to the Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement entered into on December 16, 2021 among the Loan Parties and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement ). Subject to certain exceptions and qualifications contained in the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to cause any newly created or acquired subsidiary, unless such subsidiary has been designated as an Excluded Subsidiary (as defined in the Credit Agreement) by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, to guarantee the obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement and become a party to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. The Company may designate a newly created or acquired subsidiary as an Excluded Subsidiary, so long as certain conditions and requirements provided for in the Credit Agreement are met. The Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that are binding on the Loan Parties, including, but not limited to, restrictions (subject to specified exceptions and qualifications) on the ability of the Loan Parties to incur indebtedness, to create liens on their property, to make investments, to merge, consolidate or enter into any similar combination, or enter into any asset disposition of all or substantially all assets, or liquidate, wind-up or dissolve, to make asset dispositions, to declare or pay dividends or make related distributions, to enter into certain transactions with affiliates, to enter into any negative pledges or other restrictive agreements, and to engage in any business other than the business of the Loan Parties as of the date of the Credit Agreement and business activities reasonably related or ancillary thereto, or to amend certain material contracts. The Credit Agreement contains only financial covenant, which requires the Company to maintain a minimum asset coverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement), tested quarterly. The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default (which are, in some cases, subject to certain exceptions, thresholds, notice requirements and grace periods), including, but not limited to, non-payment of principal or interest or other amounts, misrepresentations, failure 
 F-26 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million as of December 31, 2022. On January 12, 2023, the Company repaid the Alliant note payable with proceeds from the Incremental Term loan as noted above. The following table shows the components of the note payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Interest rate varies - see above for further details; Unamortized debt discount ) ) Quarterly principal payments of million and million, respectively Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Carrying balance Alliant Note Payable Unpaid principal balance Fixed-rate Fair value adjustment (1) Carrying balance Total Notes Payable Carrying Balance 

 (1) Fair value adjustment related to the acquisition of Alliant. The scheduled maturities, as of December 31, 2022, for the aggregate of the warehouse notes payable and the notes payable are shown below. The warehouse notes payable obligations are incurred in support of the related loans held for sale, loans held for investment, and investment in affordable housing limited partnerships. Amounts advanced under the warehouse notes payable for loans held for sale are included in the subsequent year as the amounts are usually drawn and repaid within . The amounts below related to the Term Loan note payable include only the quarterly and final principal payments required by the related credit agreement (i.e., the non-contingent payments) and do not include any principal payments that are contingent upon Company cash flow, as defined in the Credit Agreement (i.e., the contingent payments). The amounts below do not include any payments related to the Alliant note payable since it was repaid in January 2023. The maturities below are in thousands. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total All of the debt instruments, including the warehouse facilities, are senior obligations of the Company. All warehouse notes payable balances associated with loans held for sale and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were or are expected to be repaid in 2023. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Additions from acquisitions Measurement-period adjustments Impairment Ending balance The additions to goodwill from acquisitions during 2022 shown in the table above during the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to acquisitions. On February 28, 2022, the Company acquired of the equity interests of GeoPhy B.V. GeoPhy ), a Netherlands-based commercial real-estate technology company. As part of the acquisition, the Company also obtained GeoPhy s interest in the Company s appraisal joint venture, Apprise. The Company now owns of Apprise and consolidates its balances and its operating results post acquisition. Prior to the acquisition, the Company accounted for its investment in Apprise under the equity method. The fair value of the consideration was million and consisted of million of cash, million of forgiveness of a receivable the Company had with the joint venture (non-cash activity not reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows), and million of contingent consideration. GeoPhy s data analytics and technology development capabilities are expected to accelerate the growth of the Company s lending, brokerage, and appraisal operations, and allow the Company to meet its goal of billion of annual small-balance lending volume and appraisal revenue of million by 2025 as part of the Company s overall growth targets. A significant portion of the value associated with the GeoPhy acquisition was related to the assembled workforce with its combined expertise in information technology, data science, and commercial real estate. The Company believes that the combination of GeoPhy s personnel, appraisal technology platform, and the future development of technology to accelerate growth in the origination of small-balance commercial loans, along with Walker Dunlop s financial resources will (i) drive a significant increase in the identification and retention of borrowers in the small-balance segment of the multifamily market that will allow the Company to dramatically scale its small-balance lending volumes and (ii) continue to drive significant growth in appraisal revenues over the next several years. GeoPhy s financial results since the acquisition and pro-forma information as if the acquisition occurred January 1, 2021 are immaterial. The contingent consideration noted above is contingent on achieving certain Apprise revenue and productivity milestones and small-balance loan volume and revenue milestones over a period. The maximum earnout included as part of the GeoPhy acquisition is million. The Company estimated that million, or of the maximum earnout, was achievable based on management forecasts. The discounted balance of million is of the maximum earnout amount. The Company estimated the fair value of this contingent consideration using a Monte Carlo simulation. The weighted average cost of capital WACC used for the valuation of the contingent consideration was for the Apprise portion of the earnout and for the small-balance portion of the earnout. The WACC reflects the additional risk inherent in the Apprise performance estimates as it is still in the startup stage of its development. The estimated achievable earnout amount was discounted using a forward curve for a Company-specific subordinated debt rating. The calculation of goodwill of million included the fair value of the consideration transferred of million and the acquisition-date fair value of the Company s previously held equity-method investment in Apprise of million. The book value of the Company s equity-method investment in Apprise prior to the acquisition date was million, resulting in a million gain from remeasuring to fair value Apprise revaluation gain ). The gain is included as a component of Other revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company used a discounted cash flow model to estimate the acquisition-date fair value of Apprise, with the discount rate and management s forecast of future revenues and cash flows as the most-significant inputs for the estimate. The discount rate used was , and a control premium was not included in the estimate. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million, deferred tax assets of million, and deferred tax liabilities of million. The technology intangible assets will be amortized over a 10-year period. Immaterial other liabilities were assumed. The Company expects the portion of the goodwill associated with the contingent consideration to be tax deductible, with the tax-deductible amount of goodwill related to this contingent consideration to be determined once the cash payments to settle the contingent consideration are made. The financial results since the GeoPhy acquisition were immaterial. The revenues and earnings of Walker Dunlop for the year ended December 31, 2022 as if the GeoPhy acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2021 would not be materially different from the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The second acquisition occurred during the third quarter of 2022 for consideration of million of cash and million of contingent consideration and resulted in million of goodwill. The Company allocated the goodwill from this acquisition to a reporting unit of the Company s Capital Markets reportable segment. The Company expects all of the goodwill from this acquisition to be tax deductible, with the tax-deductible amount of goodwill related to the contingent consideration to be determined once the cash payments to settle the contingent consideration are made. The financial results since the acquisition and pro-forma financial information as if the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2021 are immaterial. The measurement-period adjustments above primarily relate to the GeoPhy acquisition and the Company s acquisition of Alliant, an acquisition completed in December 2021, as more fully described in the Company s 2021 Form 10-K. The Alliant measurement-period adjustments consist of million additional purchase price consideration related to the settlement of working capital adjustments and immaterial other adjustments as a result of the Company obtaining additional information. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company settled working capital adjustments related to the GeoPhy acquisition, resulting in a million reduction in purchase price consideration. The settlement of the cash owed to the Company from GeoPhy for working capital adjustments will be a reduction of the cash paid to settle the contingent consideration achieved in the future. The Company made other immaterial adjustments as a result of the Company obtaining additional information, including adjustments to the initial contingent consideration liability recognized. The Company has completed the purchase accounting for the Alliant and GeoPhy acquisitions as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in NOTE 13 below, in the first quarter of 2022, the Company began disclosing reportable segments. The following table shows goodwill by reportable segments as of December 31, 2022. As the Company did not have segment reporting as of December 31, 2021, all of the goodwill balance was allocated to the Company s reportable segment as of December 31, 2021. Servicing Asset Management Corporate Ending balance Other Intangible Assets The Company s other intangibles assets consist primarily of acquired customer contracts and technology intellectual property intangibles. Activity related to other intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: Additions from acquisitions Amortization ) ) Ending balance 
 F-29 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The following table summarizes the gross value, accumulated amortization, and net carrying value of the Company s other intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying value The expected amortization of other intangible assets shown in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 is shown in the table below. Actual amortization may vary from these estimates. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining life of all the other intangible assets was years. A summary of the Company s contingent consideration, which is included in Other liabilities , as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: Additions Accretion Fair value adjustments ) Payments ) ) Ending balance The contingent consideration liabilities presented in the table above relate to (i) acquisitions of debt brokerage and investment sales brokerage companies completed over the past several years, (ii) the purchase of noncontrolling interests in 2020 that was fully earned as of December 31, 2021 and paid in 2022, (iii) the Alliant acquisition, and (iv) the GeoPhy acquisition. The contingent consideration for each of the acquisitions may be earned over various lengths of time after each acquisition, with a maximum earnout period of , provided certain revenue targets and other metrics have been met. The last of the earn-out periods related to the contingent consideration ends in the third quarter of 2027. In each case, the Company estimated the initial and December 31, 2022 fair values of the contingent consideration using a Monte Carlo simulation. During 2022, the Company made fair value adjustments on two of its contingent consideration liabilities using updated information, including the probability of achievement and discount rate. The Company s estimate of the fair values resulted in a decrease in the fair value of one of the Company s contingent consideration liabilities that was partially offset by an increase in the fair value of another of the Company s contingent consideration liabilities. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 acquisitions in 2022 is non-cash, and thus not reflected in the amount of cash consideration paid on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. In addition, million of the payments settling contingent consideration liabilities included in the table above for the year ended December 31, 2022 were from the issuance of the Company s common stock, a non-cash transaction. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Pledged securities Derivative assets Total Liabilities Derivative liabilities Contingent consideration liabilities Total December 31, 2021 Assets Loans held for sale Pledged securities Derivative assets Total Liabilities Derivative liabilities Contingent consideration liabilities Total There were transfers between any of the levels within the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Derivative instruments (Level 3) are outstanding for short periods of time (generally less than ). A roll forward of derivative instruments is presented below for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Settlements ) ) Realized gains recorded in earnings (1) Unrealized gains (losses) recorded in earnings (1) Ending balance 

 (1) Realized and unrealized gains from derivatives are recognized in Loan origination and debt brokerage fees, net and Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The following table presents information about significant unobservable inputs used in the recurring measurement of the fair value of the Company s Level 3 assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022: Discounted cash flow Counterparty credit risk Derivative liabilities Discounted cash flow Counterparty credit risk Contingent consideration liabilities Monte Carlo Simulation (2) Probability of earn-out achievement - 

 (1) Significant changes in this input may lead to significant changes in the fair value measurements. (2) Valuation techniques used include probability-weighted achievement analysis and Monte Carlo simulation. (3) Contingent consideration weighted based on maximum gross earnout amount. The carrying amounts and the fair values of the Company's financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are presented below: Restricted cash Pledged securities Loans held for sale Loans held for investment, net Derivative assets (1) Total financial assets Financial Liabilities: Derivative liabilities (2) Contingent consideration liabilities (2) Warehouse notes payable Notes payable Total financial liabilities 

 (1) Included as a component of Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (2) Included as a component of Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following methods and assumptions were used for recurring fair value measurements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments (Level 1). Pledged Securities Consist of cash, highly liquid investments in money market accounts invested in government securities, and investments in Agency debt securities. The investments of the money market funds typically have maturities of 90 days or less and are valued using quoted market prices from recent trades. The fair value of the Agency debt securities incorporates the contractual cash flows of the security discounted at market-rate, risk-adjusted yields. Loans Held for Sale Consist of originated loans that are generally transferred or sold within from the date that a mortgage loan is funded and are valued using discounted cash flow models that incorporate observable prices from market participants. Contingent Consideration Liability Consists of the estimated fair values of expected future earnout payments related to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022. The earn-out liabilities are valued using a probability-weighted achievement analysis or Monte Carlo simulation 
 F-33 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 ) Forward sale contracts ) Loans held for sale ) Total ) December 31, 2021 Rate lock commitments ) ) Forward sale contracts ) Loans held for sale ) Total ) basis points, which is funded over a 48-month period that begins upon delivery of the loan to Fannie Mae. Pledged securities held in the form of money market funds holding U.S. Treasuries are discounted , and Agency MBS are discounted for purposes of calculating compliance with the restricted liquidity requirements. As seen below, the Company held substantially all of its pledged securities in Agency MBS as of December 31, 2022. The majority of the loans for which the Company has risk sharing are Tier 2 loans. The Company is in compliance with the December 31, 2022 collateral requirements as outlined above. As of December 31, 2022, reserve requirements for the December 31, 2022 DUS loan portfolio will require the Company to fund million in additional restricted liquidity over the next 48-months , assuming no further principal paydowns, prepayments, or defaults within the at-risk portfolio. Fannie Mae has in the past reassessed the DUS Capital Standards and may make changes to these standards in the future. The Company generates sufficient cash flow from its operations to meet these capital standards and does not expect any future changes to have a material impact on its future operations; however, any future increases to collateral requirements may adversely impact the Company s available cash. Fannie Mae has established benchmark standards for capital adequacy and reserves the right to terminate the Company's servicing authority for all or some of the portfolio if at any time it determines that the Company's financial condition is not adequate to support its obligations under the DUS agreement. The Company is required to maintain acceptable net worth as defined in the agreement, and the Company satisfied the requirements as of December 31, 2022. The net worth requirement is derived primarily from unpaid balances on Fannie Mae loans and the level of risk sharing. As of December 31, 2022, the net worth requirement was million, and the Company's net worth was million, as measured at our wholly owned operating subsidiary, Walker Dunlop, LLC. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was required to maintain at least million of liquid assets to meet operational liquidity requirements for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, and Ginnie 
 F-35 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million, as measured at our wholly owned operating subsidiary, Walker Dunlop, LLC. Pledged Securities Pledged securities, at fair value consisted of the following balances as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019: Money market funds Total pledged cash and cash equivalents Agency MBS Total pledged securities, at fair value The information in the preceding table is presented to reconcile beginning and ending cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as more fully discussed in NOTE 2. The following table provides additional information related to the AFS Agency MBS as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Amortized cost Total gains for securities with net gains in AOCI Total losses for securities with net losses in AOCI ) ) Fair value of securities with unrealized losses of the pledged securities with a fair value of million, an amortized cost of million, and a net unrealized loss of million have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12-months. All securities that have been in a continuous loss position are Agency debt securities that carry a guarantee of the contractual payments. The Company concluded that an allowance for credit losses will not be recognized, as the Company does not intend to sell the securities, and as they carry the guarantee of payment from the Agencies. The following table provides contractual maturity information related to Agency MBS. The money market funds invest in short-term Federal Government and Agency debt securities and have no stated maturity date. After five years through ten years After ten years Total million shares of stock authorized for issuance to directors, officers, and employees under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (and predecessor plans). As of December 31, 2022, million shares remain available for grant under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (and predecessor plans), the Company granted stock options to executive officers in the past and restricted shares to executive officers, employees, and non-employee directors during 2022, 2021, and 2020, all without cost to the grantee. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted million RSUs to the executive officers and certain other employees connection with PSPs performance awards ). For each of the years ended 2021 and 2020, the Company granted million RSUs to the executive officers 
 F-36 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 performance goals related to the 2019 PSP were met at varying levels. Accordingly, million shares related to the 2019 PSP vested in the first quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that the performance targets related to the 2020 PSP, 2021 PSP, and 2022 PSP were probable of achievement at varying levels. The following table summarizes stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: Stock options PSP "RSUs" Total stock compensation expense Excess tax benefit recognized The amounts attributable to restricted shares in the table above include both equity-classified awards granted in restricted shares and liability-classified awards to be granted in restricted shares. The excess tax benefits recognized above reduced income tax expense. The following table summarizes restricted share activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 The fair value of restricted share awards granted during 2022 was estimated using the closing price on the date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair values of restricted shares granted in 2021 and 2020 were per share and per share, respectively. The fair values of the restricted shares that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost for outstanding restricted shares was million. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average period over which this unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized is years. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Cancelled ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 The fair value of performance awards granted during 2022 was estimated using the closing price on the date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair values of performance awards granted in 2021 and 2020 were per share and per share, respectively. The fair value of the performance awards that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million and million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost for outstanding performance awards was million. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average period over which this unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized is years. The unrecognized compensation cost is based on the achievement levels that are probable as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes stock options activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 The total intrinsic value of the stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. We received cash from the exercise of options for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Less: dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities Net income applicable to common stockholders Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Basic EPS Calculation of diluted EPS Net income applicable to common stockholders Add: reallocation of dividends and undistributed earnings based on assumed conversion Net income allocated to common stockholders Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Add: weighted-average diluted non-participating securities Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding Diluted EPS The assumed proceeds used for calculating the dilutive impact of restricted stock awards under the treasury method includes the unrecognized compensation costs associated with the awards. For the year ended December 31, 2022, thousand average restricted shares were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS under the treasury-stock method. An immaterial number of average outstanding options to purchase common stock and average restricted shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share under the treasury method for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (the exercise price of the options or the grant date market price of the restricted shares was greater than the average market price of the Company s shares during the periods presented). Under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (and predecessor plans), subject to the Company s approval, grantees have the option of electing to satisfy tax withholding obligations at the time of vesting or exercise by allowing the Company to withhold and purchase the shares of stock otherwise issuable to the grantee. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company repurchased and retired thousand, thousand, and thousand restricted shares at a weighted average market price of , , and , upon grantee vesting, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased and retired thousand and thousand restricted share units at a weighted average market price of and , respectively. Stock Repurchase Programs In February 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program that permits the repurchase of up to million of the Company s common stock over a 12-month period beginning on February 23, 2023. In February 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to million of its common stock over a 12-month period beginning on February 13, 2022. In 2022, the Company repurchased thousand shares of its common stock under the 2022 share repurchase program at a weighted-average price of per share and immediately retired the shares, reducing stockholders equity by million. The Company had million of authorized share repurchase capacity remaining under the 2022 share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. In 2021, the Company did t repurchase any shares of its common stock under the share repurchase program. In 2020, the Company repurchased thousand shares of its common stock under a share repurchase program at a weighted average price of per share and immediately retired the shares, reducing stockholders equity by million. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 per share for the first quarter of 2023. The dividend will be paid on to all holders of record of our restricted and unrestricted common stock as of March 8, 2023. The Term Loan contains direct restrictions to the amount of dividends the Company may pay, and the warehouse debt facilities and agreements with the Agencies contain minimum equity, liquidity, and other capital requirements that indirectly restrict the amount of dividends the Company may pay . The Company does not believe that these restrictions currently limit the amount of dividends the Company can pay for the foreseeable future. Other Equity-Related Transactions The following non-cash transactions did not impact the amount of cash paid on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. During 2022, the operating agreement of of the Company s tax-credit-related joint ventures changed. The Company reconsidered its consolidation conclusion based on these changes and concluded that the joint ventures should be consolidated, resulting in a million increase in APIC and million of noncontrolling interests consolidated as shown on the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022. The consolidation also resulted in a million increase in Receivables, net , a million reduction in Other assets , and a million increase in Other liabilities. The Company did not issue any Company stock in connection with acquisitions during 2022. The Company issued million of Company stock in connection with acquisitions in 2021, a non-cash transaction. Additionally, in 2021, million of stock was issued to employees for which we had an accrued liability prior to the issuance of the award. Upon issuance, the accrued liability was reclassed to APIC, a non-cash transaction. In 2020, the Company purchased the noncontrolling interests held by members of WDIS for an aggregate consideration of million, which consisted of million in cash, a million reduction in receivables (a non-cash transaction), million in Company stock (a non-cash transaction), and million of contingent consideration (a non-cash transaction). The million aggregate purchase price resulted in reductions to APIC of million for the excess of the purchase price over the noncontrolling interest balance. As a result of the transactions, the Company recorded Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests only for the first quarter of 2020 on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally, the Company issued million of Company stock in connection with acquisitions in 2020, a non-cash transaction. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 State International Total current expense Deferred Federal State International ) Total deferred expense Total income tax expense Under the provisions of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the deductibility of executive compensation is limited to 1 million per year for each named executive officer NEO ). Based on the information available as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company believed that it is more likely than not a significant portion of NEO stock-based compensation book expense will exceed the 1 million limitation in future years when the shares vest, resulting in no tax deductibility for the book expense associated with these compensation agreements and no deferred tax assets. Additionally, for each of the years presented above, significant portions of NEO compensation were above the 1 million limitation, resulting in no tax deductibility for amounts above the 1 million limitation. As discussed in NOTE 7, the Company recognized the Apprise revaluation gain in connection with its acquisition of GeoPhy. The gain is an unrealized, non-taxable gain, resulting in the reduction to income tax expense by the amount shown in the table below. The following table presents a reconciliation of the statutory federal tax expense to the income tax expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income: Statutory state income tax expense, net of federal tax benefit Excess tax benefits, net of federal tax impact ) ) ) Tax benefit of Apprise revaluation gain ) Other Income tax expense 
 F-41 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) Credit losses Total deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities Mark-to-market of derivatives and loans held for sale ) ) Mortgage servicing rights related ) ) Acquisition related (1) ) ) Depreciation ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) 

 (1) Acquisition-related deferred tax liabilities consist of book-to-tax differences associated with basis step ups related to the amortization of goodwill recorded from acquisitions and book-to-tax differences in intangible asset amortization. The Company believes it is more likely than not that it will generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to realize the deferred tax assets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an immaterial amount of deferred tax assets that are not included as a component of deferred tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized deferred tax assets of million in conjunction with the acquisition of solar income tax credits and other activity, which are not included as a component of deferred tax expense. Tax Uncertainties The Company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all periods open to examination by tax authorities based on the latest available information. Where the Company believes it is more likely than not that a tax position will not be sustained, management records its best estimate of the resulting tax liability, including interest and penalties, in the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, based on all known facts and circumstances and current tax law, management believes that there are no material tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will materially increase or decrease over the next 12 months, producing, individually or in the aggregate, a material effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. reportable segments. The reportable segments are determined based on the product or service provided and reflect the manner in which management is currently evaluating the Company s financial information. (i) Capital Markets CM CM provides a comprehensive range of commercial real estate finance products to our customers, including Agency lending, debt brokerage, property sales, and appraisal and valuation services. The Company s long-established relationships with the Agencies and institutional investors enable CM to offer a broad range of loan products and services to the Company s customers, including first mortgage, second trust, supplemental, construction, mezzanine, preferred equity, and small-balance loans. CM provides property sales services to owners and developers of multifamily properties and commercial real estate and multifamily property appraisals for various investors. CM also provides real estate-related investment banking and advisory services, including housing market research. 
 
 F-42 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net Servicing fees Property sales broker fees Investment management fees Net warehouse interest income Escrow earnings and other interest income Other revenues Total revenues Expenses Personnel Amortization and depreciation Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Interest expense on corporate debt Other operating expenses Total expenses Income from operations ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income before noncontrolling interests ) Less: net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) Walker Dunlop net income ) Total assets 
 F-44 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net Servicing fees Property sales broker fees Investment management fees Net warehouse interest income Escrow earnings and other interest income Other revenues ) Total revenues ) Expenses Personnel Amortization and depreciation Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Interest expense on corporate debt Other operating expenses Total expenses Income from operations ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income before noncontrolling interests ) Less: net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) Walker Dunlop net income ) Total assets 
 F-45 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fair value of expected net cash flows from servicing, net Servicing fees Property sales broker fees Investment management fees Net warehouse interest income Escrow earnings and other interest income Other revenues ) Total revenues ) Expenses Personnel Amortization and depreciation Provision (benefit) for credit losses Interest expense on corporate debt Other operating expenses Total expenses Income from operations ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income before noncontrolling interests ) Less: net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) Walker Dunlop net income ) Total assets Concentrations The Company is one of the leading commercial real estate services and finance companies in the United States, with a primary focus on multifamily lending. The Company originates a range of multifamily and other commercial real estate loans that are sold to the Agencies or placed with institutional investors. The Company also services nearly all of the loans it sells to the Agencies and some of the loans that it places with institutional investors. The majority of the Company s operations involve the delivery and servicing of loan products for its customers through its Capital Markets and Servicing Asset Management reportable segments, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no one borrower/key principal accounted for more than and , respectively, of our total risk-sharing loan portfolio. An analysis of the product concentrations and geographic dispersion that impact the Company s servicing revenue is shown in the following tables. This information is based on the distribution of the loans serviced for others. The principal balance of the loans serviced for others, by product, as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 follows: 
 F-46 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Freddie Mac Ginnie Mae-HUD Other Total The percentage of unpaid principal balance of the loans serviced for others as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 by geographical area is shown in the following table. No other state accounted for more than of the unpaid principal balance and related servicing revenues in any of the years presented. The Company does not have any servicing operations outside of the United States. Texas Florida Georgia All other states Total Lease Liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating Lease Expenses Single lease costs Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations 
 F-47 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are presented below (in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total Derivative assets Right of use asset Property and equipment, net Prepaid expenses All other Total The following table is a summary of the major components of other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Derivative liabilities Lease liability Guaranty obligation, net Accrued expenses All other Total Assumption and application fees Housing market research subscription revenue (1) Syndication and other LIHTC revenue (2) Apprise revaluation gain (3) All other Total 

 (1) Housing market research subscription revenue generated from Zelman which was acquired in July 2021. (2) Syndication and other LIHTC revenue generated from Alliant which was acquired in December 2021. (3) One-time non-cash remeasurement gain of Apprise in 2022 from the GeoPhy acquisition (as discussed in NOTE 7). 
 F-48 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The following table is a summary of the major components of other operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Travel and entertainment Rent (1) Marketing and preferred broker Office and software expenses All other Total 

 (1) Includes single lease cost and other related expenses (common-area maintenance and other miscellaneous charges). 
 F-49 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 of the Company s joint ventures were amended, resulting in the Company gaining the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the joint ventures; previously, the Company only held rights to receive the significant economic benefits of the joint ventures. The Company reassessed its consolidation conclusions and determined that it was the primary beneficiary, and as a result, consolidated the joint ventures as of March 31, 2022. When the Company develops affordable housing projects for capital appreciation, the Company actively manages the joint venture and generally has an insignificant ownership percentage compared to third-party investors. The Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance but does not have exposure to the economic losses or benefits that could be significant to the VIE; therefore, the Company determined it is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE and recognizes an equity-method investment included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In certain circumstances, the Company may hold a significant ownership percentage and have exposure to significant economic losses or benefits of the VIE. When this occurs, the Company determines it has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the exposure to the economic losses or benefits that could be significant to the VIE. The table below presents the assets and liabilities of the Company s consolidated joint development VIEs included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Restricted cash Receivables, net Other Assets Total assets of consolidated VIEs Liabilities: Other liabilities Total liabilities of consolidated VIEs 
 F-50 

Table of Contents Walker Dunlop, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Other assets: Equity-method investments Total interests in nonconsolidated VIEs Liabilities Commitments to fund investments in tax credit equity Total commitments to fund nonconsolidated VIEs Maximum exposure to losses (1)(2) 

 (1) Prior to the Alliant acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company did not have an interest in any VIEs. (2) Maximum exposure determined as Total interests in nonconsolidated VIEs . The maximum exposure for the Company s investments in tax credit equity is limited to the carrying value of its investment, as there are no funding obligations or other commitments related to the nonconsolidated VIEs other than the amounts presented in the table above. (3) Based on historical experience and the underlying expected cash flows from the underlying investment, the maximum exposure of loss is not representative of the actual loss, if any, that the Company may incur. million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the related interest income was immaterial for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The balance of these receivables is included as Receivables, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-51 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 wd-20221231xex4d7.htm
 EX-4.7

Exhibit 4.7 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Walker Dunlop, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company, we, us or our ), currently has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share common stock ). The following summary includes a brief description of the common stock as well as certain related information. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of our Articles of Amendment and Restatement (our Charter and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), copies of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the applicable provisions of Maryland law. General Our Charter provides that we may issue up to two hundred million (200,000,000) shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and fifty million (50,000,000) shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share preferred stock ). Our Charter authorizes our board of directors to amend our Charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of common stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series and to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of our common or preferred stock into other classes or series of shares of stock, without stockholder approval. No shares of our preferred stock are presently outstanding. Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. Shares of Common Stock Voting Rights of Common Stock Except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of shares of common stock, each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors, and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of shares of capital stock, the holders of such shares of common stock will possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast for, against or affirmatively withheld at a meeting at which a quorum is present, except that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders where there are more nominees for director than directors to be elected. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, consolidate, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a statutory share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless declared advisable by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. Our Charter provides that these actions may be taken if declared advisable by our board of directors and approved by the vote of stockholders holding a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except that the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors is required to amend provisions of our Charter relating to director removal. Maryland law also permits a corporation to transfer all or substantially all of its assets without the approval of its stockholders to an entity if all of the equity interests of that entity are owned, directly or indirectly, by the corporation. In addition, because operating assets may be held by a corporation s subsidiaries, as in our situation, these subsidiaries may be able to transfer all or substantially all of such assets without the approval of our stockholders. 

 Dividends, Distributions, Liquidation and Other Rights Subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of our stock, holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends on such shares of common stock if, as and when authorized by our board of directors, and declared by us out of assets legally available therefore. If we fail to pay dividends on any shares of our preferred stock, if any are then outstanding, generally we may not pay dividends on or repurchase shares of our common stock until such time as we have paid dividends on any outstanding shares of our preferred stock. Holders of shares of our common stock are also entitled to share ratably in the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after payment or establishment of reserves for all debts and liabilities of the Company and the preferential amounts owing with respect to any outstanding preferred shares. Holders of shares of common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights, have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities of the Company and generally have no appraisal rights, unless our board of directors determines prospectively that appraisal rights will apply to one or more transactions in which holders of our common stock would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. Holders of shares of our common stock have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. Power to Reclassify Our Unissued Shares of Stock Our Charter authorizes our board of directors to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of our common or preferred stock into other classes or series of shares of stock and to establish the number of shares in each class or series and to set the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption for each such class or series. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock that have priority over the shares of our common stock with respect to dividends, distributions and rights upon liquidation and with other terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders of shares of our common stock or otherwise might be in their best interest. No shares of our preferred stock are presently outstanding. Power to Increase or Decrease Authorized Shares of Stock and Issue Additional Shares of Common and Preferred Stock. We believe that the power of our board of directors to amend our Charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock, to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and thereafter to cause to issue such classified or reclassified shares of stock provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs that might arise. The additional classes or series of stock, as well as the additional shares of stock, will be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed, traded or quoted. Although our board of directors does not currently intend to do so, it could authorize us to issue a class or series that, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delays, defers or prevents a transaction or a change in control of the Company that might involve a premium price for holders of our shares of stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. Preferred Stock . Our Charter authorizes our board of directors to designate and issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Our board of directors may determine the relative rights, preferences and privileges of each class or series of preferred stock so issued, which may be more beneficial than the rights, preferences and privileges attributable to our common stock with respect to dividends, distributions, rights upon liquidation, and otherwise. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our Company that might involve a premium price for holders of shares of our common stock 

 or otherwise be in the best interests of the stockholders. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of shares of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of preferred stock. Certain Provisions of Maryland General Corporation Law and Our Charter and Bylaws Our Board of Directors Our Charter and Bylaws provide that the number of directors of our Company may be established, increased or decreased only by a majority of our entire board of directors, but may not be fewer than the minimum number required under the MGCL (which is one) nor more than 15. Our Charter provides that any vacancy, including a vacancy created by an increase in the number of directors, may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. Any individual elected to fill such vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. Each of our directors is elected by our stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies under the MGCL. Holders of shares of our common stock will have no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast for, against or affirmatively withheld at a meeting at which a quorum is present, except that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders where there are more nominees for director than directors to be elected. Our Bylaws provide that at least a majority of our directors must be independent, with independence being defined in the manner established by our board of directors and in a manner consistent with listing standards established by the NYSE. Removal of Directors Our Charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock to elect or remove one or more directors, a director may be removed only for cause (as defined in our Charter) and only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors and that our board of directors has the exclusive power to fill vacant directorships. This provision combined with the provision governing the filling of vacancies on our board of directors may preclude stockholders from removing incumbent directors and filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. Business Combinations Under the MGCL, certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in certain circumstances specified under the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and any interested stockholder, or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Maryland law defines an interested stockholder as: any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s voting stock; or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approve in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. In approving a transaction, however, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of the approval, with any terms and conditions determined by it. 

 After such five-year prohibition, any business combination between our Company and an interested stockholder must be recommended by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting shares of stock of the corporation; and two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares of stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or shares held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These supermajority approval requirements do not apply if, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by a corporation s board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Control Share Acquisitions The MGCL provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved at a special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power in the election of directors generally but excluding: (i) a person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (ii) an officer of the corporation or (iii) an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. Control shares are voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock previously acquired by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: one-tenth or more but less than one-third; one-third or more but less than a majority; or a majority or more of all voting power. 
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses and making an acquiring person statement as described in the MGCL), may compel our board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the control shares. If no request for a special meeting is made, we may present the question at any stockholders meeting. If voting rights of control shares are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror. If voting 

 rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. The control share acquisition statute does not apply (i) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if we are a party to the transaction or (ii) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Subtitle 8 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of the following five provisions: a classified board; a two-thirds stockholder vote requirement for removing a director; a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors; a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. 
 We have elected through a provision in our Charter to be subject to the provisions of Subtitle 8 relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors. Through provisions in our Charter and Bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (i) require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors for the removal of any director from the board, which removal will be allowed only for cause; (ii) vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, subject to limitations set forth in our Charter and Bylaws, and fill vacancies; and (iii) require, unless called by the chair of our board of directors, our president or chief executive officer or a majority of our directors then in office, the written request of stockholders entitled to cast no less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at such meeting to call a special meeting to consider and vote on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders. We have not elected to create a classified board. In the future, our board of directors may elect, without stockholder approval, to create a classified board or adopt one or more of the other provisions of Subtitle 8. Amendment of Our Charter and Bylaws and Approval of Extraordinary Actions Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a statutory share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless declared advisable by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, is set forth in the corporation s charter. Our Charter provides that these actions (other than certain amendments to the provisions of our Charter related to the removal of directors and indemnification of directors and officers) may be taken if declared advisable by a majority of our board of directors and approved by the vote of stockholders holding a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our board of directors has the power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our Bylaws and to make new bylaws. In addition, the stockholders may alter or repeal any provision of our Bylaws and adopt new bylaws if any such alteration, repeal or adoption is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

 Meetings of Stockholders Under our Bylaws, annual meetings of stockholders are to be held each year at a date and time as determined by our board of directors. Special meetings of stockholders may be called by a majority of the directors then in office, by the chair of our board of directors, our president or our chief executive officer. Additionally, subject to the provisions of our Bylaws, special meetings of the stockholders must be called by our secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. Only matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. Maryland law and our Bylaws provide that any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting by unanimous consent, if that consent sets forth that action and is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter. Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business Our Bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to our board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders at the annual meeting may be made only: pursuant to our notice of the meeting; by or at the direction of our board of directors; or by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record as of the record date set by our board of directors for the purposes of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, at the time of giving of the notice required by our Bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of directors or on the proposal of other business, as the case may be, and who has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in, and provided the information and certifications required by, our Bylaws. 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to our board of directors may be made only: pursuant to our notice of the meeting; by or at the direction of our board of directors; or provided that our board of directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record as of the record date set by our board of directors for the purposes of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, at the time of giving of the notice required by our Bylaws and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of directors or on the proposal of other business, as the case may be, and who has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in, and provided information and certificates required by, our Bylaws. 
 The purposes of requiring stockholders to give advance notice of nominations and other proposals is to afford our board of directors the opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of the other proposals and, to the extent considered necessary by our board of directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations regarding the nominations or other proposals. The advance notice procedures also permit a more orderly procedure for conducting our stockholder meetings. Our Bylaws may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or proposals for other action if the proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors to our board of directors or to approve its own proposal. 

 Anti-takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and Our Charter and Bylaws The business combination statute, control share acquisition statute, the provisions of our Charter on removal of directors and the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of our Company that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Indemnification and Limitation of Directors and Officers Liability The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our Charter contains such a provision that eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. The MGCL requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our Charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made or threatened to be made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or are threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that: the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (i) was committed in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 
 However, under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify a director or officer for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or if the director or officer was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. In addition, the MGCL permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of: a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation; and a written undertaking by the director or officer on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that he or she did not meet the standard of conduct. 
 Our Charter and Bylaws obligate us, to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to: any present or former director or officer against any claim or liability to which he or she may become subject by reason of his or her service in such capacity; and any individual who, while a director or officer of the Company and at the request of the Company, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner or trustee of another corporation, real estate 

investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, limited liability company or any other enterprise from and against any claim or liability to which such person may become subject or which such person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that provide for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Our charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any individual who served a predecessor of the Company in any of the capacities described above and any employee or agent of the company or a predecessor of the Company. Insofar as the foregoing provisions permit indemnification of directors, officers or persons controlling us for liability arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Exclusive Forum Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, any state court of competent jurisdiction in Maryland, or, if such state courts do not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, or any successor provision thereof, (b) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf, other than actions arising under federal securities laws, (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or bylaws, or (e) any other action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. None of the foregoing actions, claims, or proceedings may be brought in any court sitting outside the State of Maryland unless the Corporation consents in writing to such court. Further, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint, or any rule or regulation thereunder, provided, however, that if the foregoing provisions of this paragraph are, or the application of such provisions to any person or entity or any circumstance is, illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the sole and exclusive state court forum for any claim arising under the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder shall be the circuit courts of the State of Maryland. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21>
 3
 wd-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Company State of Incorporation or Registration Walker Dunlop Multifamily, Inc. Delaware Walker Dunlop, LLC Delaware W D BE, Inc. Delaware Walker Dunlop Capital, LLC Massachusetts W D Interim Lender LLC Delaware W D Interim Lender II LLC Delaware W D Interim Lender III, Inc. Delaware W D Interim Lender IV, LLC Delaware W D Interim Lender V, Inc. Delaware W D Interim Lender VI, LLC Delaware Walker Dunlop Investment Sales, LLC Delaware WDIS, Inc Delaware WDIS WA, LLC Delaware Walker Dunlop Investment Management, LLC Delaware Walker Dunlop Investment Partners, Inc. Delaware JCR Capital Investment Company, LLC Delaware WD Investors I LLC Delaware WD-G JV Investor, LLC Delaware WDIB-Investor, LLC Delaware WDIB, LLC d/b/a Zelman Associates Delaware Zelman Partners, LLC Delaware W D RPS HoldCo, LLC Delaware WD-ILP JV Investor, LLC Delaware WD-IC JV GP, LLC Delaware WD-IC JV Investor, LLC Delaware W D STCI, LLC Delaware WDAAC, LLC Delaware WDAGP, LLP Delaware WD-Alliant TCBI, LLC Delaware The Alliant Company, LLC Florida ADC Communities II, LLC California ADC Communities, LLC Florida Alliant Strategic Investments II, LLC Delaware Alliant Strategic Investments, LLC Florida ASI Member, LLC California Alliant Fund Acquisitions, LLC Florida Alliant Capital, Ltd. Florida Alliant Fund Asset Holdings, LLC Delaware Alliant Asset Management Company, LLC California AFAH Finance, LLC Delaware Alliant Credit Facility IV, LLC California WD-GTE, LLC Delaware 

WD-GeoPhy Holdco, LLC Delaware GeoPhy Inc. Delaware WD-GeoPhy CRE Valuation LLC d/b/a Apprise by Walker Dunlop Delaware GeoPhy BV Netherlands 
 The Registrant indirectly owns 75 of this entity through its 100 ownership of WDIB-Investor LLC. The Registrant indirectly owns 70 of this entity through its 100 ownership of WDAAC, LLC 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 wd-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

EXHIBIT 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-178878 and 333-184297) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-171205, 333-183635, 333-188533, 333-204722, 333-238259 and 333-250927) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Walker Dunlop, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ KPMG LLP McLean, Virginia February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 wd-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, William M. Walker, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Walker Dunlop, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ William M. Walker William M. Walker Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 wd-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Gregory A. Florkowski, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Walker Dunlop, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski Gregory A. Florkowski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 wd-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Walker Dunlop, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of Walker Dunlop, Inc., hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Walker Dunlop , Inc. 

Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ William M. Walker William M. Walker Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski Gregory A. Florkowski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 wd-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 wd-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 wd-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 wd-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 wd-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

