<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1299969_0001299969-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7024804</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131591</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1272081</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2128656</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1861422</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1521608</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001299969-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329164047
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001299969-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001299969
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				201164345
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32375
		FILM NUMBER:		23775733

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 RESTON METRO PLAZA, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-230-1985

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 RESTON METRO PLAZA, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Comstock Homebuilding Companies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040806

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001299969-23-000010.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 chci-20221231.htm
 10-K

chci-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023 was (Class A) and (Class B). 

Table of Contents 
 
 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I ..................................................................................................................................................................................... 
 1 
 Item 1. Business ........................................................................................................................................................... 
 1 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments ............................................................................................................................ 
 7 
 Item 2. Properties ......................................................................................................................................................... 
 7 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings ............................................................................................................................................ 
 7 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures .................................................................................................................................. 
 7 
 PART II 
 8 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities .......................................................................................................................................................... 
 8 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ]........................................................................................................................................................ 
 8 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .......................... 
 9 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ......................................................................... 
 15 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ............................................................................................... 
 16 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure ......................... 
 18 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures .................................................................................................................................. 
 18 
 Item 9B. Other Information ............................................................................................................................................ 
 18 
 PART III .................................................................................................................................................................................. 
 19 
 PART IV .................................................................................................................................................................................. 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules ................................................................................................... 
 20 
 Item 16. 10-K Summary ................................................................................................................................................. 
 SIGNATURES ........................................................................................................................................................................ 
 23 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the matters disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. These statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and can be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, may, likely, intend, expect, will, should, seeks or other words and terms of similar meaning used in conjunction with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. 
 The Company acknowledges the importance of communicating future expectations to investors, however there will always remain future events and circumstances that are unable to be accurately predicted or controlled. When considering forward-looking statements, investors should keep in mind the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations described, and consequently should place no undue reliance on any of these statements. There are several factors that may affect the accuracy of the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: general economic and market conditions, including inflation and interest rate levels; changes in the real estate markets; inherent risks in investment in real estate; the ability to attract and retain clients; the ability to compete in the markets in which the Company operates; regulatory actions; fluctuations in operating results; shortages and increased costs of labor or materials; adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; public health emergencies, including potential risks and uncertainties relating to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic; the ability to raise debt and equity capital and grow operations on a profitable basis; and continuing relationships with affiliates. The factors can apply both directly to the Company and generally to the real estate industry as a whole. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 As used herein, "Comstock", "CHCI", "the Company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms are referring to Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 Comstock is a leading real estate asset manager and developer of mixed-use and transit-oriented properties in the Washington, D.C. region. Since 1985, we have acquired, developed, operated, and sold millions of square feet of residential, commercial, and mixed-use properties. We benefit from our market-leading position in Northern Virginia's Dulles Corridor, one of the nation s fastest growing real estate markets that is undergoing an urban transformation thanks to the recently completed construction of a Metro commuter rail connecting Dulles International Airport and the surrounding areas to Washington, D.C. and beyond. 
 Our fee-based, asset-light, and substantially debt-free business model allows us to mitigate many of the risks that are typically associated with real estate development. We provide a broad suite of asset management, property management, development and construction management, and other real estate services to our asset-owning clients, composed primarily of institutional real estate investors, high net worth family offices, and governmental bodies with surplus real estate holdings. Our primary focus is the continued growth of our managed portfolio; however, the fundamental strength of our balance sheet permits us to also explore strategic investment opportunities, typically in the form of a minority capital co-investment in select stabilized assets that complement our existing portfolio. 
 We aspire to be among the most admired real estate asset managers, operators, and developers by creating extraordinary places, providing exceptional experiences, and generating excellent results for all stakeholders. Our commitment to this mission drives our ability to expand our managed portfolio of assets, grow revenue, and deliver value to our shareholders. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 CES Divestiture 
 On March 31, 2022, we completed the sale of Comstock Environmental Services, LLC ("CES"), a wholly owned subsidiary, to August Mack Environmental, Inc. ("August Mack"). This strategic divestiture was based on the continued growth and future prospects of our asset management business. Accordingly, we have reflected CES as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented, and unless otherwise noted, all amounts and disclosures relate solely to our continuing operations. (See Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 
 Series C Preferred Stock Redemption and 2022 Asset Management Agreement 
 On June 13, 2022, we completed two separate significant transactions to further deleverage our balance sheet and enhance our long-term revenue outlook and growth potential. The first one with CP Real Estate Services, LC CPRES ), an entity owned by Christopher Clemente, Comstock s Chief Executive Officer, redeemed all outstanding Series C preferred stock at a significant discount to carrying value. Secondly, we executed a new asset management agreement with Comstock Partners, LC ("CP"), an entity controlled by Mr. Clemente and wholly owned by Mr. Clemente and certain family members, which covers our Anchor Portfolio of assets (the "2022 AMA"). The 2022 AMA increased the base fees we collect, expanded the services that qualify for additional supplemental fees, extended the term through 2035, and most notably introduced a mark-to-market incentive fee based on the imputed profit of Anchor Portfolio assets, generally as each is stabilized and as further specified in the agreement. (See Notes 10 and 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 
 
 Our Services 
 Our experienced team of commercial real estate professionals provides a full range of real estate services related to the acquisition, development, and operation of real estate assets. The services we provide cover all aspects of real estate asset management, including acquisition and disposition management, leasing, design, placemaking, property management, origination and negotiation of debt and equity facilities, risk management, construction and development management, creation of investment opportunities, execution of core-plus, value-add, and opportunistic strategies, and various other property-specific services. 
 Our asset management services platform is anchored by the 2022 AMA, a long-term full-service asset management agreement with a Comstock affiliate that extends through 2035 and covers most of the properties we currently manage, including two of the largest transit-oriented, mixed-use developments in the Washington, D.C. area: Reston Station and Loudoun Station (see below for details). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 As a vertically integrated real estate services company, we self-perform all property management activity through three wholly owned operational subsidiaries: CHCI Commercial Management, LC CHCI Commercial CHCI Residential Management, LC CHCI Residential and ParkX Management, LC ParkX ). All 41 properties included in our managed portfolio have entered into property management agreements with our operational subsidiaries that provide for market-rate fees related to our services, including 10 commercial parking garages owned by unaffiliated parties and managed by ParkX. 
 
 Our Portfolio 
 The following table summarizes the 41 assets that are included in our managed portfolio: 
 
 Type # of Assets Size/Scale Leased Commercial 13 2.0 million sqft. 87 Residential 6 1.7 million sqft. / ~1,700 units 89 Parking 22 14,000 spaces Total 41 
 In addition, in our development pipeline we currently have 16 commercial assets that represent approximately 2.3 million square feet, approximately 3,100 residential units that represent approximately 3.2 million square feet, and 2 hotel assets that will include approximately 380 keys. At full build out, our managed portfolio of assets will total 57 properties representing nearly 10 million square feet. 
 Anchor Portfolio 
 Reston Station 
 Reston Station is one of the largest mixed-use, transit-oriented developments in the mid-Atlantic region. Located at the Wiehle-Reston East station on Metro s Silver Line, the Reston Station neighborhood spans the Dulles Toll Road and covers approximately 80 acres. The Reston Station neighborhood is being developed in phases and is composed of the following five districts: 
 Metro Plaza District 
 The Metro Plaza District is located adjacent to Wiehle Reston-East Metro Station and contains approximately 1.4 million square feet of mixed-use development, highlighted by three Trophy-Class office buildings and BLVD Reston, a luxury residential tower with 448 units. It is home to corporate and regional headquarters of Google, ICF Global, Spotify, Qualtrics, Rolls-Royce of North America, Neustar, and others. All buildings in the Metro Plaza District have ground floor retail, which has been leased to high-quality tenants, including Starbucks, CVS, Founding Farmers, Matchbox, Scissors Scotch, and others. 
 The Metro Plaza District also includes one of the largest underground commuter parking garages and bus transit facilities in the region. The 1.7 million square foot subterranean garage and transit facility is the subject of a public-private partnership between a Comstock affiliate and Fairfax County, Virginia. The Reston Station transit facility provides Metro commuters with an indoor bus transit depot designed to accommodate upwards of 110 buses per hour, 2,300 commuter parking spaces operated by Fairfax County, and approximately 2,750 additional parking spaces for retail, office, and commuter uses, a Tesla Super Charging Station and numerous other electric vehicle charging stations, secure bicycle parking and storage facilities, substantial storm water management vaults, and state-of-the-art water treatment systems. 
 Reston Row District 
 The Reston Row District is currently being developed on approximately 9 acres adjacent to the Metro Plaza District. This newest phase of the Reston Station development has entitlements in place allowing for approximately 1.5 million square feet of mixed-use development, including two Trophy-Class office buildings, more than 500 multifamily units, over 100,000 square feet of retail, and hotel uses. Marriott International has entered into a franchise agreement with a Comstock affiliate concerning the development and operation of Virginia's first JW Marriott Hotel and Condominium residential tower, containing approximately 250 hotel rooms, 100 JW Marriott-branded condominium residences, and 25,000 square feet of meeting space. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Commerce District 
 The Commerce District is located on approximately 16 acres adjacent to Wiehle Reston-East Metro Station, directly across the Dulles Toll Road from the Metro Plaza District. It has entitlements in place that allow for approximately 1.5 million square feet of new mixed-use development surrounding the four existing stabilized Class-A office buildings that represent a total of approximately 590,000 square feet. We are currently leasing and managing the four existing office buildings and one existing retail building while finalizing plans for the permitted new development. 
 Midline District 
 The Midline District, located directly across Wiehle Avenue from the Reston Row District and the Metro Plaza District, has entitlements in place that allow for approximately 1.2 million square feet of new mixed-use development on approximately 8 acres. We are currently updating the entitlements secured by the previous owner and plan to commence development and leasing operations after receiving the necessary permits for the new development. 
 West District 
 The West District currently consists of approximately 11 acres of land located adjacent to the Reston Row District and Metro Plaza District and includes a previously developed 90,000 square foot office building owned by one of our affiliates and an apartment building owned by a third party. In 2022, our affiliate acquired an existing 58,000 square foot office building on an adjacent parcel that is planned for demolition and will be incorporated into the West District's development plans, which are planned to commence after entitlements are secured. It is anticipated that entitlements will allow for five mixed-use buildings in the West District, including the aforementioned existing apartment building. 
 Loudoun Station 
 Loudoun Station, located in Ashburn, Virginia adjacent to Ashburn Station at the terminus of Metro s Silver Line, is Loudoun County s first and only Metro-connected development. With direct rail connectivity to Dulles International Airport, Reston, Tysons, and Washington, D.C., it represents the beginning of Loudoun County s transformation into a transit-connected community. Loudoun Station has more than 1.0 million square feet of mixed-use development completed and stabilized, including nearly 700 residential units, approximately 50,000 square feet of Class-A office space, and approximately 150,000 square feet of retail space, highlighted by an 11-screen AMC Cinema as well as multiple dining and entertainment venues. It is also home to a 1,500-space Metro commuter parking garage that is the subject of a public-private partnership between a Comstock affiliate and Loudoun County. At full build, the Loudoun Station development will cover nearly 50 acres. 
 Herndon Station 
 Herndon Station will include up to approximately 340,000 square feet of residential, retail and entertainment spaces, including a performing arts center, and an approximately 700-space commercial parking garage in the historic downtown portion of the Town of Herndon in western Fairfax County, Virginia. The project is the focus of a public-private partnership between a Comstock affiliate and the Town of Herndon and will include improvements to existing connections to the adjacent WO D trail, a popular pedestrian and bicycle route that stretches from Washington, D.C. to Loudoun County, Virginia. 
 Other Portfolio Assets 
 Investors X 
 On April 30, 2019, we entered into a Master Transfer agreement with CPRES, that provided for priority distribution of residual cash flow from its Class B membership interest in Comstock Investors X, L.C. ("Investors X"), an unconsolidated variable interest entity that owns Comstock s residual homebuilding operations. As of December 31, 2022, the residual cash flow primarily relates to anticipated proceeds from the sale of rezoned residential lots and returns of cash securing outstanding letters of credit and cash collateral posted for land development bonds covering work performed by subsidiaries owned by Investors X. The cash will be released to CHCI as bond release work associated with these projects is completed. 
 The Hartford Building 
 In December 2019, we entered into a joint venture with CP to acquire a stabilized Class-A office building immediately adjacent to Clarendon Station on Metro s Orange Line in Arlington County, Virginia s premier transit-oriented office market, the Rosslyn-Ballston Corridor. Built in 2003, the 211,000 square foot mixed-use Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED GOLD building is leased to multiple high-quality tenants. In February 2020, we arranged for DivcoWest, an unaffiliated entity, to purchase a majority ownership stake in the Hartford Building and secured a 87 million loan facility from MetLife. As part of the transaction, we entered into asset management and property management agreements to manage the property. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 BLVD Forty Four 
 In October 2021, we entered into a joint venture with CP to acquire a stabilized 15-story, luxury high-rise apartment building in Rockville, Maryland that was built in 2015, which we rebranded as BLVD Forty Four. Located one block from the Rockville Station on Metro's Red Line and in the heart of the I-270 Technology and Life Science Corridor, the 263-unit mixed use property includes approximately 16,000 square feet of retail and a commercial parking garage. In connection with the transaction, we received an acquisition fee and are entitled to receive investment related income and promote distributions in connection with our 5 equity interest in the asset. We also provide asset, residential, retail and parking property management services for the property in exchange for market rate fees. 
 BLVD Ansel 
 In March 2022, we entered into a joint venture with CP to acquire BLVD Ansel, a newly completed 18-story, luxury high-rise apartment building with 250 units located adjacent to the Rockville Metro Station and BLVD Forty Four in Rockville, Maryland. BLVD Ansel features approximately 20,000 square feet of retail space, 611 parking spaces, and expansive amenities including multiple private workspaces designed to meet the needs of remote-working residents. In connection with the transaction, we received an acquisition fee and are entitled to receive investment related income and promote distributions in connection with our 5 equity interest in the asset. We also provide residential, retail and parking property management services for the property in exchange for market rate fees. 
 
 Our Business Strategy 
 Comstock has been active in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area since 1985, having operated, developed, and acquired, and sold millions of square feet of real estate assets, including but not limited to, office buildings, residential developments, parking garages, and retail centers. We have also participated in multiple public-private partnership developments that have included large-scale public infrastructure improvements. 
 In early 2018, we transitioned our business strategy from the prior focus on the development and sale of residential homes to our current fee-based services model that concentrates on asset management of commercial and mixed-use real estate, primarily in the greater Washington, D.C. region. This shift took us from an approach that was capital-intensive and required significant on-balance sheet land inventory to one that is asset-light and debt-free, thereby substantially reducing the risk typically associated with the development and operation of real estate assets. 
 We believe that our extensive experience managing a large-scale, diverse portfolio of stabilized assets and assets in development provides us with the knowledge and tools required to execute our unique business strategy, which is primarily focused on: 
 Properties that generate stable, recurring cash flows 
 We primarily operate under long-term asset management agreements that provide a highly visible and reliable source of revenue and position us to grow as our Anchor Portfolio and other assets under management expand. Our Anchor Portfolio provides consistent revenue pursuant to the cost-plus fee structure foundation of the 2022 AMA, also providing multiple stable sources for performance-based incentive fees that may further drive incremental top-line growth. This key aspect of our business model has enabled us to generate positive financial results and earnings in every quarter since transforming to our current asset-light operating platform in 2019. 
 Mixed-use and transit-oriented assets in high-growth, high-potential areas 
 We focus on select transitioning sub-urban markets in the greater Washington D.C. metropolitan area. These sub-markets, which include the Dulles Corridor and the Rosslyn-Ballston Corridor in Northern Virginia and the I-270 Technology and Life Science Corridor in Montgomery County, Maryland, are experiencing increased demand resulting from a flight to quality, which we believe will continue to drive commercial tenants demand for the type of developments and amenity-rich buildings in our managed portfolio. We believe residential tenant demand will follow a similar trend, increasing the population willing to pay premium rents for high-quality residential units in neighborhoods that are transit-oriented. A significant portion of our portfolio of managed assets are located in these sought-after areas that also feature strong projected long-term economic growth, supported by attractive demographic attributes and superior transportation infrastructure. 
 Capitalizing on significant growth trends that drive market demand in Northern Virginia 
 Significant growth trends in demand for cybersecurity and other technology services in the government sector, as well as in the private sector, have generated substantial growth and attracted large technology companies, such as Microsoft, 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Google, and Amazon to the Dulles Corridor and the Rosslyn-Ballston Corridor in Northern Virginia. These areas are home to significant data infrastructure, capable of serving the growing needs of technology companies and the federal government. Specifically, with its vast network of high-capacity data centers, the Dulles Corridor in Loudoun County reportedly hosts upwards of 70 of the world s internet traffic and has become known as the Internet Capital of the World . We believe the continued growth and investment of these large technology companies will continue to benefit Northern Virginia s employment market, further driving demand for the assets we manage and the communities we are developing. 
 Leveraging our expertise to secure public-private partnership development opportunities 
 We have worked closely with our affiliates to secure public-private partnerships with multiple local governments (including Fairfax County, Loudoun County, and the Town of Herndon, Virginia) to develop and manage large-scale mixed-use, transit-oriented developments. Our knowledge and long track record of developing and managing first-in-class properties across the region positions Comstock as an attractive partner for government entities looking to improve infrastructure and enhance their surrounding communities. In addition, recent changes to the comprehensive land use plans of Fairfax County and Loudoun County that encourage high-density and mixed-use development proximate to the Silver Line Metro Stations may further result in compelling growth opportunities. 
 Actively growing our supplemental real estate services and exploring investment opportunities 
 We provide a variety of fee-based real estate services, such as capital markets, brokerage and title insurance. Providing these supplemental services serves as a catalyst for identifying additional strategic real estate investment opportunities. We seek out opportunities that can provide appropriate risk-adjusted returns and are suitable for co-investment, potentially with institutional investors that may lack the local expertise or operational infrastructure necessary to identify, acquire, and manage such assets. Our acquisition strategy is currently focused on value-add, core, and core-plus opportunities, as well as other opportunistic asset acquisitions. 
 
 Our Values Environment, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
 We are committed to pursuing environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and robust governance practices across all our operations. We recognize that development of real estate can have significant impact, positive or negative, for the surrounding community, the region, and the environment that we all share. We believe that companies developing real estate have a responsibility to maximize the positive impacts while taking steps to minimize negative impacts. Supporting and fostering these initiatives is instrumental in making our communities better places to live, work, and play while simultaneously bolstering asset value, reducing risk, and positively impacting all stakeholders. The following are highlights from our 2022 ESG Roadmap, the full version of which can be found in the Corporate Responsibility section of our website: 
 Environmental 
 We believe that environmentally sound business practices are critical to the long-term success of our business and the communities in which we operate. Our managed portfolio already includes multiple assets that are Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED and Energy Star certified, and multiple initiatives are underway to increase the percentage of LEED and Energy Star certified buildings in our managed portfolio. We continue to expand our capabilities around monitoring energy and utility consumption at all our properties, allowing us to better identify opportunities to maximize efficiency and sustainability through operational and capital improvements. 
 In 2022, we announced a partnership with DAVIS Construction on the introduction of CarbonCure, a sustainable concrete component, in the construction of Phase II of our Reston Station development (A/K/A Reston Row District). CarbonCure is clean technology that produces greener concrete by recycling carbon dioxide (CO 2 produced during the cement manufacturing process and injecting the recycled CO 2 into fresh concrete during mixing. Once injected, the CO 2 transforms into a mineral that improves the compressive strength of concrete and captures the recycled CO 2 emissions which are never re-released into the atmosphere. Every cubic yard of concrete produced with CarbonCure technology saves an average of 25 pounds of carbon from entering the atmosphere, which will save millions of pounds of CO 2 emissions from entering the atmosphere. Furthermore, we intend to engage our supply chain to incorporate sustainable designs, materials, and systems into all ongoing or future developments. 
 Our transit-oriented developments promote the use of mass transit, ride sharing, and alternate modes of transportation. We continue to expand the availability of electronic vehicle charging stations and bike racks at our properties to promote the reduction of congestion and our overall carbon footprint. In recognition of the positive impacts resulting from Reston Station s design, the development was awarded the designation of Best Workplaces for Commuters in 2020 and 2021 by the Best Workplaces for Commuters Organization created by the National Center for Transit Research at the Center for Urban Transportation Research. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Social (Human Capital) 
 We strive to create extraordinary places and provide exceptional experiences in places people live, work, and play. We recognize the vital importance of community engagement in achieving this goal, which is why philanthropic partnerships have always been a key focus. We host a variety of community events in the public spaces we develop, aimed at creating rich and meaningful experiences. We support local organizations through charitable events, including Boys Girls Club of Greater Washington, Habitat for Humanity, St. Jude Children s Research Hospital, multiple youth sports organizations and local schools, and others. We partner with Cornerstones, Reston s leading non-profit dedicated to helping underserved populations, to purchase winter coats for children and contribute meals to those in need. We encourage all employees to participate in charitable efforts in the community by providing paid leave to volunteer and numerous charitable contribution matching opportunities. 
 A key to our success is our ability to attract and retain a talented workforce that understands the numerous benefits of working in-office rather than remotely. We employ a diverse, multi-generational staff that consisted of 152 full-time and 18 part-time employees as of December 31, 2022. We promote collaboration, support, and innovation, providing all our employees the opportunity to achieve their professional and wellness goals. We continuously strive to diversify our workforce, provide equal access to opportunities to our people, and promote a working environment based on mutual trust, confidence, and respect. Our employees have access to a comprehensive suite of benefits, including, but not limited to: medical, dental, vision, and life insurance options; flexible and health savings accounts; 401k plan matching; and professional development reimbursement. We offer numerous wellness initiatives and training opportunities, including diversity training and a broad suite of e-learning courses. 
 We have continued to enforce certain protocols and procedures related to the COVID-19 pandemic as needed to ensure the safety, health, and comfort of our employees the communities that we manage. and we remain in compliance with all federal and local ordinances and guidelines. 
 Governance 
 Our employees, managers and officers conduct our business under the direction of our CEO and the oversight of our Board of Directors (the Board to enhance our long-term value for our stockholders. The core responsibility of our Board is to exercise its fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. In exercising this obligation, our Board and its individual committees perform several specific functions, including risk assessment, review and oversight. While management is responsible for the day-to-day management of risk, our Board retains oversight of risk management for our company, assisting management by providing guidance on strategic risks, financial risks, and operational risks. 
 We have established corporate governance guidelines and policies that promote Company values, including a code of conduct as well as a code of ethics. Our information security team deploys an array of cybersecurity capabilities to protect our various business systems and data. We continually invest in protecting against, monitoring, and mitigating risks across the enterprise. We had no material publicly reportable information security incidents in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Competition 
 The real estate asset management and services industry is highly competitive. We compete with other businesses in the asset management and real estate-related services businesses on the basis of price, location, experience, service and reputation. Many of these competitors are larger than us, operate on a national or global scale, and some have access to greater technical, marketing and financial resources. These competitors may benefit from lower costs of capital, greater business scale, enhanced operating efficiencies, and greater immunity to localized market downturns due to their broad geographic presence. We also face numerous competitors on a local and regional basis. Certain competitors may also possess greater access to capital, higher risk tolerance, lower return thresholds, or less regulatory restrictions, all which could allow them to consider a broader range of investments and to bid more aggressively for investment opportunities than we are willing to. 
 
 Technology and Intellectual Property 
 We utilize our technology infrastructure to facilitate the management of our client s assets and the marketing of our services. We use media and internet-based marketing platforms primarily in lieu of print advertisements. We believe that the prospective renters will continue to increase their reliance on information available on the internet to help guide their decisions. Accordingly, through our marketing efforts, we will continue to leverage this trend to lower per lease marketing costs while maximizing potential lease transactions. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Christopher Clemente, has licensed his ownership interest in the Comstock brand and trademark to us in perpetuity. We have registered our trademarks and routinely take steps, and 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 occasionally take legal action, to protect against brand infringement from third parties. Mr. Clemente has retained the right to continue to use the Comstock brand and trademark including for real estate development projects in our current or future markets that are unrelated to the Company but, currently, substantially all of Mr. Clemente s real estate development business is conducted with Comstock, pursuant to the 2022 AMA. 
 
 Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to various local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning finance, banking, investments, zoning, building design, construction, density requirements and similar matters. We may also be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing in certain communities due to building moratoriums or slow-growth or no-growth initiatives that could be implemented in the future in the states where we operate. Local and state governments also have broad discretion regarding the imposition of development fees for projects in their jurisdiction. 
 We are also subject to a variety of local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning protection of the environment. Some of the laws to which we and our properties are subject to may impose requirements concerning development in waters of the United States, including wetlands, the closure of water supply wells, management of asbestos-containing materials, exposure to radon and similar issues. The particular environmental laws that apply to any given real estate asset vary based on several factors, including the environmental conditions related to a particular property and the present and former uses of the property 
 
 Additional Information 
 Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2004. Our principal executive offices are located at 1900 Reston Metro Plaza, 10th Floor, Reston, VA 20190, and our telephone number is 703-230-1985. Our corporate website address is www.comstock.com . 
 We maintain an investor relations page on our website where our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports and other required SEC filings may be accessed free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 On November 1, 2020, we executed a new lease to relocate our corporate headquarters to new office space located at 1900 Reston Metro Plaza, Reston, Virginia for a ten-year term from an affiliate partially owned by our Chief Executive Officer. In January 2022, we executed a lease for a remote monitoring center for ParkX, our parking management subsidiary, and in November 2022 we executed a lease to expand our corporate headquarters, bringing the total amount of leased space to 25,630 square feet as of December 31, 2022. We believe our properties are adequately maintained and suitable for our needs and their intended use. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Currently, we are not subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, however, we are named as a defendant in legal actions arising from our normal business activities. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of our liability, if any, that could arise with respect to legal actions filed against us, it is not anticipated that any such liability will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results, or cash flows. We believe that we have obtained adequate insurance coverage, rights to indemnification, or where appropriate, have established reserves in connection with these legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our Class A common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CHCI . As of December 31, 2022, there were 54 registered holders of record of our Class A common stock and 1 holder of our Class B common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock during the foreseeable future but intend to retain any earnings for future growth of our business. 
 We did not repurchase any securities under our share repurchase program or issue any unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 Not Applicable. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All references to 2022 and 2021 are referring to the twelve-month period ended December 31 for each of those respective fiscal years. This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans and expectations. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements due to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements except as required by law. 
 
 Overview 
 Comstock is a leading real estate asset manager and developer of mixed-use and transit-oriented properties in the Washington, D.C. region. Since 1985, we have acquired, developed, operated, and sold millions of square feet of residential, commercial, and mixed-use properties. We benefit from our market-leading position in Northern Virginia's Dulles Corridor, one of the nation s fastest growing real estate markets that is undergoing an urban transformation thanks to the recently completed construction of a Metro commuter rail connecting Dulles International Airport and the surrounding areas to Washington, D.C. and beyond. 
 Our fee-based, asset-light, and substantially debt-free business model allows us to mitigate many of the risks that are typically associated with real estate development. We provide a broad suite of asset management, property management, development and construction management, and other real estate services to our asset-owning clients, composed primarily of institutional real estate investors, high net worth family offices, and governmental bodies with surplus real estate holdings. Our primary focus is the continued growth of our managed portfolio; however, the fundamental strength of our balance sheet permits us to also explore strategic investment opportunities, typically in the form of a minority capital co-investment in select stabilized assets that complement our existing portfolio. 
 Our asset management services platform is anchored by a long-term full-service asset management agreement with a Comstock affiliate (the "2022 AMA" - see below for additional details) that extends through 2035 and covers most of the properties we currently manage, including two of the largest transit-oriented, mixed-use developments in the Washington, D.C. area: Reston Station and Loudoun Station. 
 As a vertically integrated real estate services company, we self-perform all property management activity through three wholly owned operational subsidiaries: CHCI Commercial Management, LC CHCI Commercial CHCI Residential Management, LC CHCI Residential and ParkX Management, LC ParkX ). All 41 properties included in our managed portfolio have entered into property management agreements with our operational subsidiaries that provide for market-rate fees related to our services, including 10 commercial parking garages owned by unaffiliated parties and managed by ParkX. 
 We aspire to be among the most admired real estate asset managers, operators, and developers by creating extraordinary places, providing exceptional experiences, and generating excellent results for all stakeholders. Our commitment to this mission drives our ability to expand our managed portfolio of assets, grow revenue, and deliver value to our shareholders. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 CES Divestiture 
 On March 31, 2022, we completed the sale of Comstock Environmental Services, LLC ("CES"), a wholly owned subsidiary, to August Mack Environmental, Inc. ("August Mack"). This strategic divestiture was based on the continued growth and future prospects of our asset management business. Accordingly, we have reflected CES as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented, and unless otherwise noted, all amounts and disclosures relate solely to our continuing operations. (See Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) 
 Series C Preferred Stock Redemption and 2022 Asset Management Agreement 
 On June 13, 2022, we completed two separate significant transactions to further deleverage our balance sheet and enhance our long-term revenue outlook and growth potential. The first one with CP Real Estate Services, LC CPRES ), an entity owned by Christopher Clemente, Comstock s Chief Executive Officer, redeemed all outstanding Series C preferred stock at a significant discount to carrying value. Secondly, we executed a new asset management agreement with Comstock Partners, LC ("CP"), an entity controlled by Mr. Clemente and wholly owned by Mr. Clemente and certain family members, which covers our Anchor Portfolio of assets (the "2022 AMA"). The 2022 AMA increased the base fees we collect, expanded the services that qualify for additional supplemental fees, extended the term through 2035, and most notably introduced a mark-to-market incentive fee based 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 on the imputed profit of Anchor Portfolio assets, generally as each is stabilized and as further specified in the agreement. (See Notes 10 and 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) 
 
 COVID-19 Update 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has caused uncertainty and business disruptions to both the real estate market in the greater Washington, D.C. region and the U.S. economy as a whole. While we have not experienced a significant impact on our business resulting from COVID-19 to date, the extent to which it will impact our financial results will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted. We continue to monitor the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the potential effects of notable variants of the COVID-19 virus. The health and safety of our employees, customers, and the communities in which we operate remains our top priority. Although the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain, we believe that our business model is well-positioned to withstand any future potential negative impacts from the pandemic. 
 
 Outlook 
 Our management team is committed to executing on the Company's mission to create extraordinary places for people to live, work, and play. We believe that we are properly staffed for current market conditions and have the ability to manage risk while pursuing opportunities for additional growth as opportunities arise. Our real estate asset and property management operations are primarily focused on the greater Washington, D.C. area, where we have operated, developed, and acquired high-quality assets for nearly 40 years, providing us with the leverage needed to capitalize on the region's numerous positive growth trends. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth consolidated statement of operations data for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue 39,313 31,093 Operating costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 29,371 24,649 Selling, general, and administrative 1,784 1,285 Depreciation and amortization 206 94 Total operating costs and expenses 31,361 26,028 Income (loss) from operations 7,952 5,065 Other income (expense): Interest expense (222) (235) Gain (loss) on real estate ventures 121 (14) Other income 2 6 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax 7,853 4,822 Provision for (benefit from) income tax 125 (11,217) Net income (loss) from continuing operations 7,728 16,039 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (381) (2,430) Net income (loss) 7,347 13,609 Impact of Series C preferred stock redemption 2,046 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 9,393 13,609 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes revenue by line of business (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Amount Asset management 26,680 67.9 22,539 72.5 4,141 18.4 Property management 9,398 23.9 6,939 22.3 2,459 35.4 Parking management 3,235 8.2 1,615 5.2 1,620 100.3 Total revenue 39,313 100.0 31,093 100.0 8,220 26.4 
 Revenue increased 26.4 in 2022. The 8.2 million comparative increase was primarily driven by a 3.9 million increase in incentive fees, which were earned pursuant to the terms of the 2022 AMA. Also contributing to the increase was the growth and improved performance of our managed portfolio, which included additional properties in 2022 and produced 2.2 million of additional asset management fees, 0.6 million of additional property management fees, a 1.3 million increase in recorded leasing fees, and a 2.8 million increase in reimbursable staffing charges. These increases were partially offset by a 3.1 million decrease in loan origination fees, primarily related to the 2021 refinancing of the Reston Station office portfolio. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Operating costs and expenses 
 The following table summarizes operating costs and expenses (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Cost of revenue 29,371 24,649 4,722 19.2 Selling, general, and administrative 1,784 1,285 499 38.8 Depreciation and amortization 206 94 112 119.1 Total operating costs and expenses 31,361 26,028 5,333 20.5 
 Operating costs and expenses increased 20.5 in 2022. The 5.3 million comparative increase was primarily due to a 5.4 million increase in personnel expenses stemming from increased headcount and employee compensation increases (including bonus expense), partially offset by a 0.9 million decrease in co-broker expenses stemming from the 2021 Reston Station refinancing transaction. 
 Other income (expense) 
 The following table summarizes other income (expense) (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Interest expense (222) (235) 13 (5.5) Gain (loss) on real estate ventures 121 (14) 135 N/M Other income 2 6 (4) (66.7) Total other income (expense) (99) (243) 144 (59.3) 
 Other income (expense) changed by 0.1 million in 2022, primarily driven by primarily driven by higher mark-to-market valuations of the fixed-rate debt associated with our equity method investments in the current period, as well as gains on the performance of our title insurance joint venture with Superior Title Services, Inc., driven by higher volume as compared to the prior period. 
 Income taxes 
 Provision for from income tax was 0.1 million in 2022, compared to a tax benefit of 11.2 million in 2021. The significant benefit in 2021 was primarily due to the partial 11.3 million release of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which was derived from our ability to consistently deliver positive net income from continuing operations and our expectation that we will continue to generate future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, we had 131.7 million of net operating loss NOL") carryforwards. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we prepare certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), specifically Adjusted EBITDA. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) from continuing operations, excluding the impact of interest expense (net of interest income), income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, and gain (loss) on equity method investments. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate financial performance, analyze the underlying trends in our business and establish operational goals and forecasts that are used when allocating resources. We expect to compute Adjusted EBITDA consistently using the same methods each period. 
 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure because it permits investors to better understand changes over comparative periods by providing financial results that are unaffected by certain non-cash items that are not considered by management to be indicative of our operational performance. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 While we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors when evaluating our business, it is not prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, and therefore should be considered supplemental in nature. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute, for other financial performance measures presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) from continuing operations, the most directly comparable financial measure as measured in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 7,728 16,039 Interest expense 222 235 Income taxes 125 (11,217) Depreciation and amortization 206 94 Stock-based compensation 834 633 (Gain) loss on real estate ventures (121) 14 Adjusted EBITDA 8,994 5,798 
 
 Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations 
 None. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is defined as the current amount of readily available cash and the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the current needs for cash. We assess our liquidity in terms of our cash and cash equivalents on hand and the ability to generate cash to fund our operating activities. 
 Our principal sources of liquidity as of December 31, 2022 were our cash and cash equivalents of 11.7 million and our 10.0 million of available borrowings on our Credit Facility. 
 Significant factors which could affect future liquidity include the adequacy of available lines of credit, cash flows generated from operating activities, working capital management and investments. 
 Our primary capital needs are for working capital obligations and other general corporate purposes, including investments and capital expenditures. Our primary sources of working capital are cash from operations and distributions from investments in real estate ventures. We have historically financed our operations with internally generated funds and borrowings from our credit facilities. For additional information, see Note 7 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We believe we currently have adequate liquidity and availability of capital to fund our present operations and meet our commitments on our existing debt. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Continuing operations Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 8,397 8,688 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (2,099) 1,276 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (10,068) (227) Total net increase (decrease) in cash - continuing operations (3,770) 9,737 Discontinued operations, net (331) (946) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (4,101) 8,791 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 0.3 million in 2022, primarily driven by a 3.6 million incremental cash outflow stemming from changes to our net working capital, including increased accounts receivable, partially offset by a 3.3 million increase in net income from continuing operations after adjustments for non-cash items that contributed to the comparative increase. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities decreased by 3.4 million in 2022, primarily driven by primarily driven by a 3.3 million decrease in distributions from real estate investments, a 0.4 million increase in fixed and intangible asset purchases, and a 0.7 million decrease in investments in real estate ventures, partially offset by 1.0 million in proceeds received from the CES divestiture. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased by 9.8 million in 2022, primarily driven a 4.0 million cash payment made in connection with the early redemption of our Series C preferred stock and a 5.5 million payment made to satisfy the outstanding balance of our credit facility. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 From time to time, we may have off-balance-sheet unconsolidated investments in real estate ventures and other unconsolidated arrangements with varying structures. For a full discussion of our current investments in real estate ventures, see Note 5 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accounting policies, methods and estimates are an integral part of the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and, in part, are based upon management s current judgments. Those judgments are normally based on knowledge and experience with regard to past and current events and assumptions about future events. Certain accounting policies, methods and estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting them may differ from management s current judgments. While there are a number of accounting policies, methods and estimates affecting our consolidated financial statements, areas that are particularly significant include: 
 Investments in real estate ventures 
 Revenue - Incentive Fees 
 Income taxes 
 Investments in real estate ventures 
 For investments in real estate ventures that we have elected to report at fair value, we maintain an investment account that is increased or decreased each reporting period by contributions, distributions, and the difference between the fair value of the investment and the carrying value as of the balance sheet date. These fair value adjustments are reflected as gains or losses in our consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of these investments as of the balance sheet date is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, income approach, or sales-comparable approach, depending on the unique characteristics of the real estate venture. 
 In addition, we perform a two-step analysis to determine if our investments in real estate ventures qualify as a variable interest entity VIE and need to be consolidated. We first analyze if the entity lacks sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support or if the equity holders, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest in order to determine VIE qualification. If an entity is determined to be a VIE, we then analyze if it is the primary beneficiary to determine if the entity needs to be included in its consolidated financial results. The primary beneficiary has both (i) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the entity. We consider a variety of factors in identifying the entity that holds the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, including evaluating the nature of relationships and activities of the parties involved and, where necessary, determining which party within a related-party group is most closely associated with the VIE and would therefore be considered the primary beneficiary. We determine primary beneficiary status of a VIE at the time of investment and perform ongoing 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 reassessments to evaluate whether changes in the entity s capital structure or changes in the nature of its involvement with the entity result in a change to the VIE designation or a change to its consolidation conclusion. 
 We have minority voting and economic interests in our investments in real estate ventures and do not control the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance. We have determined we are not the primary beneficiary for any of our investments in real estate ventures and therefore do not include them in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Revenue - Incentive Fees 
 Pursuant to the 2022 AMA, we are entitled to earn incentive compensation fees revenue ("Incentive Fees") on certain managed real estate assets if defined triggering events, which are differentiated based on the classification of the assets, are achieved. (See Note 14 for additional information). Incentive Fees are calculated as a percentage of the imputed profit that would be realized upon the hypothetical sale or recapitalization of the asset (or assets) for which triggering event criteria were met. The calculation of imputed profit is based on a fair market value assessment that includes highly variable financial inputs and must also consider macro-economic and environmental factors that may affect fair market value. Due to the subjective and potentially volatile nature of this variable consideration, we only recognize revenue on Incentive Fees for each managed asset when 1) any material uncertainties associated with the valuation of real estate assets that drive Incentive Fees are substantially resolved and 2) it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of related cumulative Incentive Fee revenue recognized will not occur. As a result, we have only recognized Incentive Fees at or near each asset's respective triggering event (as detailed in the 2022 AMA) when imputed profit could be reasonably calculated and relied upon to not materially change. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized revenue from Incentive Fees of 3.9 million, stemming from an operating asset triggering event on October 1, 2022 that is the first in series of annual operating asset triggering events that are scheduled each October 1 through 2024. 
 Income taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on the deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We provide a valuation allowance when we consider it more likely than not (greater than a 50 probability) that a deferred income tax asset will not be fully recovered. Adjustments to the valuation allowance are a component of the income tax provision or benefit in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded net decreases to our deferred tax valuation allowance of 1.4 million and 13.0 million, respectively. . 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not applicable. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # )................................................................. 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 ........................................................................................... 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 an d 2021 .............................................. 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 ........... 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 ............................................. 
 F- 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ........................................................................................................................ 
 F- 7 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Realizability of Deferred Tax Assets and Valuation Allowance Assessment 
 As described further in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of existing deferred tax assets. The Company has historically recorded valuation allowances for certain tax attributes and other deferred tax assets. During 2022, after weighing all available positive and negative evidence, the Company released 1.4 million of the valuation allowance as management deemed estimated future taxable income to be sufficient to realize additional deferred tax assets related to tax credit carryforwards and net operating losses. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the realizability of deferred tax assets is a critical audit matter is that the estimate of future taxable income is an accounting estimate subject to a high level of estimation uncertainty. There is inherent uncertainty and subjectivity related to management s judgments and assumptions regarding the Company s future taxable income, the determination of which is complex in nature and may be affected by future operations of the Company and market or economic conditions. As such, significant auditor judgment was required. 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Our audit procedures related to the realizability of deferred tax assets included the following, among others. 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the design and tested implementation of controls relating to the evaluation of the realizability of deferred tax assets and the estimation of future taxable income; 
 
 We evaluated management s assumptions regarding the Company s estimated future taxable income, including tracing to underlying supporting documents and future development plans 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated the nature of each of the deferred tax assets, including their expiration dates and their projected utilization when compared to projections of future taxable income. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable - related parties Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current assets held for sale Total current assets Fixed assets, net Intangible assets Leasehold improvements, net Investments in real estate ventures Operating lease assets Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accrued personnel costs Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Credit facility - due to affiliates Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Stockholders' equity: Series C preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Class A common stock; par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Class B common stock; par value; shares authorized, issued, and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost shares of Class A common stock) 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Operating costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating costs and expenses Income (loss) from operations Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) Gain (loss) on real estate ventures ) Other income (expense), net Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax Provision for (benefit from) income tax ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net income (loss) Impact of Series C preferred stock redemption Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Weighted-average common stock outstanding: Basic Diluted Net income (loss) per share: Basic - Continuing operations Basic - Discontinued operations ) ) Basic net income (loss) per share Diluted - Continuing operations Diluted - Discontinued operations ) ) Diluted net income (loss) per share 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (In thousands) 

Series C Class A Class B Preferred Stock Common Stock Common Stock Treasury Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount APIC stock deficit Total Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income (loss) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Redemption of Series C preferred stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income (loss) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating Activities - Continuing Operations Net income (loss) from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation (Gain) loss on real estate ventures ) Distributions from real estate ventures Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accrued personnel costs Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing Activities - Continuing Operations Investments in real estate ventures ) ) Proceeds from sale of CES Distributions from real estate ventures Purchase of fixed assets/leasehold improvements/intangibles ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing Activities - Continuing Operations Payments under credit facility - due to affiliates ) Loan proceeds Loan payments ) Redemption of Series C preferred stock ) Payment of taxes related to the net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Discontinued Operations Operating cash flows, net ) ) Investing cash flows, net ) Financing cash flows, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued operations ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income tax, net Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Issuance of Series A common stock to redeem Series C preferred stock Right of use assets and lease liabilities at commencement Accrued liability settled through issuance of common stock 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data or otherwise indicated) 
 
 1. 
 million of total consideration. (See Note 3 for additional information). 
 On June 13, 2022, the Company completed two separate significant transactions to further deleverage its balance sheet and enhance its long-term revenue outlook and growth potential. The first one with CP Real Estate Services, LC CPRES ), an entity owned by Christopher Clemente, Comstock s Chief Executive Officer, redeemed all outstanding Series C preferred stock at a significant discount to carrying value. Secondly, the Company executed a new asset management agreement with Comstock Partners, LC ("CP"), an entity controlled by Mr. Clemente and wholly owned by Mr. Clemente and certain family members, which covers its Anchor Portfolio of assets (the "2022 AMA"). (See Notes 10 and 14 for additional information). 
 primarily real estate-focused subsidiaries CHCI Asset Management, LC CAM CHCI Residential Management, LC; CHCI Commercial Management, LC; and Park X Management, LC. 
 
 2. 

segments: Asset Management and Real Estate Services. Given the classification of CES as a discontinued operation, the Company now manages its business as reportable operating segment. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

million. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts receivable from related parties. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents in financial institutions that management believes to be financially sound and with minimal credit risk. At times the Company's deposits exceed federally insured limits, however management believes that the Company s credit risk exposure is mitigated by the financial strength of the banking institutions in which the deposits are held. The Company does a significant amount of business with related parties, demonstrated by related parties accounting for of its consolidated revenue and of its accounts receivable in 2022. The Company generally does not obtain collateral or other security to support financial instruments subject to credit risk, but monitors the credit standing of its related party entities. 

, which are as follows: 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 years Office equipment 
 years Vehicles 
 years Computer equipment 
 years Capitalized software 
 years 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

 F-10 

Table of Contents 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 million of total consideration, composed of million in cash and million of cash held in escrow that is subject to net working capital and other adjustments. The Company executed this divestiture to enhance its focus and pursue continued growth initiatives for its core asset management business. 
 Cost of revenue ) ) Selling, general, and administrative ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) Other income (expense) ) Goodwill impairment ) Pre-tax income (loss) from discontinued operations ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income tax ) ) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) ) 
 The Company recognized a of million on the divestiture of CES, calculated by comparing the final adjusted purchase price to the carrying value of the net assets sold in the transaction as of March 31, 2022. These amounts reflect the finalized transaction costs and net working capital adjustments. The cumulative goodwill impairment charge in 2021 was a result of the Company performing the quantitative two-step impairment test and determining that the carrying value of CES significantly exceeded its fair value at the time of measurement, which was estimated using Level 1 inputs. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Fixed assets, net Intangible assets, net Total assets Carrying amounts of major classes of liabilities held for sale: Accrued personnel costs Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Loans payable Total liabilities 
 
 4. 
 Furniture and fixtures Office equipment Vehicles Total fixed assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total fixed assets, net 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 million. The Company has recorded the domain name purchase as an indefinite-lived intangible asset on its consolidated balance sheets that will be tested annually for impairment. 
 
 5. 
 The Hartford BLVD Forty Four BLVD Ansel Total 
 The Company s maximum loss exposure on each of its unconsolidated investments in real estate ventures is equal to the carrying amount of the investment. Additional details on each investment are as follows: 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 square foot mixed-use Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED GOLD building is being leased to multiple high-quality tenants. In February 2020, the Company arranged for DivcoWest to purchase a majority ownership stake in the Hartford Building and secured a million loan facility from MetLife. As part of the transaction, the Company entered into asset management and property management agreements to manage the property. Fair value is determined using an income approach and sales comparable approach models. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership interest in the Hartford was . (See Note 14 for additional information). 
 BLVD Forty Four 
 In October 2021, the Company entered into a joint venture with CP to acquire a stabilized 15-story, luxury high-rise apartment building in Rockville, Maryland that was built in 2015, which we rebranded as BLVD Forty Four. Located one block from the Rockville Station on Metro's Red Line and in the heart of the I-270 Technology and Life Science Corridor, the -unit mixed use property includes approximately square feet of retail and a commercial parking garage. In connection with the transaction, the Company received an acquisition fee and is entitled to receive investment related income and promote distributions in connection with its equity interest in the asset. The Company also provides asset, residential, retail and parking property management services for the property in exchange for market rate fees. Fair value is determined using an income approach and sales comparable approach models. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership interest in BLVD Forty Four was . (See Note 14 for additional information). 
 BLVD Ansel 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into a joint venture with CP to acquire BLVD Ansel, a newly completed 18-story, luxury high-rise apartment building with units located adjacent to the Rockville Metro Station and BLVD Forty Four in Rockville, Maryland. BLVD Ansel features approximately square feet of retail space, parking spaces, and expansive amenities including multiple private workspaces designed to meet the needs of remote-working residents. In connection with the transaction, the Company received an acquisition fee and is entitled to receive investment related income and promote distributions in connection with its equity interest in the asset. The Company will also provide asset, residential, retail and parking property management services for the property in exchange for market rate fees. Fair value is determined using an income approach and sales comparable approach models. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership interest in BLVD Ansel was . (See Note 14 for additional information). 
 Investments Distributions ) Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Investments Distributions ) Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Operating income (loss) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 6. 
 to years. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Lease costs related to the Company's operating leases are primarily reflected in "cost of revenue" in the consolidated statements of operations, as they are a reimbursable cost under the Company's respective asset management agreements. (See Note 14 for additional information). 
 Variable lease costs Total operating lease costs 
 The following table presents supplemental cash flow information related to the Company's operating leases (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company's operating leases had a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of . 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 The Company does not have any lease liabilities which have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 7. 
 million capital line of credit (the Credit Facility ), on which it made a million initial draw with an April 30, 2023 maturity date. Under the terms, the Credit Facility provides for an initial variable interest rate of the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus per annum on advances made under the Credit Facility, payable monthly in arrears. 
 million outstanding principal balance on the Credit Facility in full. As of December 31, 2022, the Credit Facility remained available for use and the Company had no outstanding debt or financing arrangements for which future payments are due . 
 
 8. 
 
 9. 

10. 
 per share. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to dividends when, 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 vote per share and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share. Shares of our Class B common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of our Class A common stock and generally convert into shares of our Class A common stock upon transfer. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not declared any dividends. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company's certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of Series C non-convertible preferred stock with a par value of per share. Series C Preferred Stock has a discretionary, non-cumulative, dividend feature and is redeemable by holders in the event of liquidation or change in control of the Company. 
 On June 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Share Exchange and Purchase Agreement ("SEPA") with CPRES, pursuant to which the Company acquired from CPRES all outstanding shares of its non-convertible and non-redeemable Series C preferred stock for (i) million shares of the Company s Class A common stock, valued at the consolidated closing bid price of the Class A shares on Nasdaq on the business day immediately preceding the entry into the SEPA and (ii) million in cash. The SEPA was unanimously approved by the independent directors of the Company. Upon completion of the transaction, all of the shares of Series C preferred stock were immediately cancelled and fully retired. 
 At the time of the transaction, the total carrying value of the Series C preferred stock (including the related additional paid-in capital) was million. The share exchange was accounted for as a redemption; therefore, the million difference between the carrying value and the million fair value of the consideration paid upon redemption was added to net income to arrive at income attributable to common stockholders and calculate net income (loss) per share. (See Note 13 for additional information) 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 On February 12, 2019, the Company approved the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), which replaced the 2004 Long-Term Compensation Plan (the 2004 Plan ). The 2019 Plan provides for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights ("SARs"), restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, performance awards, and stock or other stock-based awards. The 2019 Plan mandates that all lapsed, forfeited, expired, terminated, cancelled and withheld shares, including those from the predecessor plan, be returned to the 2019 Plan and made available for issuance. The 2019 Plan originally authorized million shares of the Company's Class A common stock for issuance. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively. Stock-based compensation costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock unit RSU awards granted to employees are subject to continued employment and generally vest in annual installments over the period following the grant dates. The Company also grants certain RSU awards to management that contain additional vesting conditions tied directly to a defined performance metric for the Company PSUs ). The actual number of PSUs that will vest can range from to of the original grant target amount, depending upon actual Company performance below or above the established performance metric targets. The Company estimates performance in relation to the defined targets when calculating the related stock-based compensation expense. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Stock Options 
 Non-qualified stock options generally expire years after the grant date and, except under certain conditions, the options are subject to continued employment and vest in annual installments over the period following the grant dates. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Expired ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

11. 
 
 Property management Parking management Total revenue 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Total revenue 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue by Contract Type 1 
 Fixed-price Cost-plus Variable Total revenue 
 1 Certain contracts contain multiple revenue streams with characteristics that lend to classification in more than one category 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue from Incentive Fees of million, stemming from an operating asset triggering event on October 1, 2022. This operating asset triggering event was the first in series of annual operating asset triggering events that are scheduled each October 1 through 2024. All Incentive Fees recognized in the current period are related to services performed in prior periods for which revenue recognition criteria were previously constrained. There was no Incentive Fee revenue recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 12. 
 State Total current taxes Deferred: Federal State ) Total deferred taxes Other: Valuation allowance ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Permanent differences ) ) Return to provision Change in valuation allowance ) ) Change in state tax rate ) ) Other ) Effective tax rate ) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Prior to 2021, the Company had recorded valuation allowances for certain tax attributes and deferred tax assets due the existence of sufficient uncertainty regarding the future realization of those deferred tax assets through future taxable income. In June 2021, based on financial performance trends and forecasts of future operating results, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets related to its net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards would be utilized in future periods. As a result, the Company recorded an million income tax benefit in the second quarter of 2021 that represented a partial release of its valuation allowance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded net decreases to its valuation allowance of million and million, respectively. If, in the future, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the rest of the deferred tax benefits will be realized, the full valuation allowance will be reversed. Conversely, if future results of operations are lower than currently forecasted, the Company may need to re-establish a valuation allowance accordingly. 
 Stock-based compensation Investments in affiliates Right of use lease liability Bonus accrual Goodwill amortization ) Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right of use lease asset ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of net operating loss NOL") carryforwards. These NOLs, if unused, will begin expiring in 2028. Under Code Section 382 Section 382 rules, if a change of ownership is triggered, the Company s NOL assets and possibly certain other deferred tax assets may be impaired. Given Section 382 s broad definition, an ownership change could be the unintended consequence of otherwise normal market trading in the Company s stock that is outside of the Company s control. In an effort to preserve the availability of these NOLs, the Company has adopted a Section 382 rights agreement that is scheduled to expire on March 27, 2025. The Section 382 rights agreement helps to reduce the likelihood of an unintended ownership change , thus preserving the value of these future tax benefits. We estimate that as of December 31, 2022, the cumulative shift in ownership of the Company s stock had not triggered a limitation in the use of our NOL asset. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 Impact of Series C preferred stock redemption Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - Basic and Diluted Net income (loss) from discontinued operations - Basic and Diluted ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders - Basic and Diluted Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding - Basic Effect of common share equivalents Weighted-average common shares outstanding - Diluted Net income (loss) per share: Basic - Continuing operations Basic - Discontinued operations ) ) Basic net income (loss) per share Diluted - Continuing operations Diluted - Discontinued operations ) ) Diluted net income (loss) per share 
 Stock options Warrants 
 
 14. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 
 of Anchor Portfolio revenue 
 of Anchor Portfolio revenue 
 Entitlement Fee of total re-zoning costs 
 Encompassed in Development and Construction Fee Development and Construction Fee of development costs (excluding previously charged Entitlement Fees) 
 of development costs 
 Property Management Fee of Anchor Portfolio revenue 
 of Anchor Portfolio revenue 
 Acquisition Fee on first million of purchase price; above million 
 of purchase price 
 Disposition Fee on first million of sale price; above million 
 of sale price 
 
 of the imputed profit of certain real estate assets comprising the Anchor Portfolio for which a Triggering Event 1 has occurred, after calculating a compounding preferred return of on CP invested capital (the Market Incentive Fee 
 
 When receiving the Cost-Plus Fee: 
 On a mark-to-market basis, an incentive fee equal to of the imputed profit of certain real estate assets comprising the Anchor Portfolio for which a Triggering Event 1 has occurred, after calculating a compounding preferred return of on CP invested capital (the Base Incentive Fee 
 of the free cash flow of each of the real estate assets comprising the Anchor Portfolio after calculating a compounding preferred return of on CPRES invested capital 
 Investment Origination Fee of raised capital 
 of raised capital 
 Leasing Fee /per sqft. for new leases and / per sqft. for lease renewals 
 / per sqft. for new leases and / per sqft. for lease renewals 
 Loan Origination Fee of any Financing Transaction or other commercially reasonable and mutually agreed upon fee 
 of any Financing Transaction or other commercially reasonable and mutually agreed upon fee 
 1 
 Triggering events are differentiated between operating assets (i.e. those already in service) and assets under development. Operating asset triggering events are scheduled for specific dates, whereas triggering events for assets under development are tied to various metrics that indicate stabilization, such as occupancy and leasing rates. 
 
 The 2022 AMA will terminate on January 1, 2035 Initial Term ), and will automatically renew for successive additional terms (each an Extension Term unless CP delivers written notice of non-renewal of the 2022 AMA at least days prior to the termination date of the Initial Term or any Extension Term. after the effective date of the 2022 AMA, CP is entitled to terminate the 2022 AMA without cause upon days advance written notice to CAM. In the event of such a termination and in addition to the payment of any accrued annual fees due and payable as of the termination date under the 2022 AMA, CP is required to pay a termination fee equal to two times the Cost-Plus Fee or Market Rate Fee paid to CAM for the calendar year immediately preceding the termination. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 with successive, automatic renewal terms. The Company generally receives base management fees under these agreements based upon a percentage of gross rental revenues for the portions of the buildings being managed in addition to reimbursement of specified expenses, including employment expenses of personnel employed by the Company in the management and operation of each property. 
 Construction Management Agreements 
 The Company has construction management agreements with properties owned by CP Entities under which the Company receives fees to provide certain construction management and supervision services, including construction supervision and management of the buildout of certain tenant premises. The Company receives a flat construction management fee for each engagement under a work authorization based upon the construction management or supervision fee set forth in the applicable tenant s lease, which fee is generally to of the total costs (or total hard costs) of construction of the tenant s improvements in its premises, or as otherwise agreed to by the parties. 
 Lease Procurement Agreements 
 The Company has lease procurement agreements with properties owned by CP Entities under which the Company receives certain finders fees in connection with the procurement of new leases for such properties where an external broker is not engaged on behalf of the CP Entities. Such leasing fees are supplemental to the fees generated from the Company's management agreements referenced above and are generally - of the future lease payments to be received by the CP Entity from the executed lease. 
 Business Management Agreements 
 On April 30, 2019, CAM entered into a Business Management Agreement with Investors X, whereby CAM provides Investors X with asset and professional services related to the wind down of the Company s divested homebuilding operations and the continuation of services related to the Company s divested land development activities. The aggregate fee payable to CAM from Investors X under the Business Management Agreement is million payable in quarterly installments of million each and ending on December 31, 2022. The Company considers Investors X to be a variable interest entity over which it does not have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact economic performance, therefore it is not the primary beneficiary of Investors X and does not have to consolidate the entity into its financial results. (See Note 5 for additional information). 
 On July 1, 2019, CAM entered into a Business Management Agreement (the BC Management Agreement with CPRES, whereby CAM provides CPRES with professional management and consultation services, including, without limitation, consultation on land development and real estate transactions, for a residential community located in Monteverde, Florida. The BC Management Agreement is structured in successive renewable terms. The BC Management Agreement provides that CPRES will pay CAM an annual management fee equal to million, payable in equal monthly installments during the term commencing on July 1, 2019, and will reimburse CAM for certain expenses. 
 The Hartford 
 In December 2019, the Company made an investment related to the purchase of the Hartford, a stabilized commercial office building located at 3101 Wilson Boulevard in the Clarendon area of Arlington County, Virginia. In conjunction with the investment, the Company entered into an operating agreement with CP to form Comstock 3101 Wilson, LC, to purchase the Hartford. Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, the Company held a minority membership interest of the Hartford and the remaining membership interests of the Hartford are held by CP. 
 In February 2020, the Company, CP and DWF VI 3101 Wilson Member, LLC DWF ), an unaffiliated, third party, equity investor in the Hartford, entered into a limited liability company agreement (the DWC Operating Agreement to form DWC 3101 Wilson Venture, LLC DWC to, among other things, acquire, own and hold all interests in the Hartford. In furtherance thereof, on February 7, 2020, the Original Operating Agreement was amended and restated (the A R Operating Agreement to 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 of its membership interests in the Hartford to DWC. As a result thereof, DWC is the sole member of the Hartford Owner. The Company and CP, respectively, hold minority membership interests in, and DWF holds the majority membership interest in, DWC. See Note 5 for additional information). 
 BLVD Forty Four/BLVD Ansel 
 In October 2021 and March 2022, the Company entered into joint ventures with CP to acquire BLVD Forty Four and BLVD Ansel, respectively, two adjacent mixed-use luxury high-rise apartment buildings located near the Rockville Metro Station in Montgomery County, Md. The Company considers BLVD Forty Four and BLVD Ansel to be variable interest entities upon which it exercises significant influence; however, considering key factors such as the Company s ownership interest, participation in policy-making decisions, and oversight of management services by majority equity holders, the Company concluded that the power to direct activities that most significantly impact economic performance is shared. Given that the Company is not the entity most closely associated with the properties, it concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary and does not have a controlling financial interest in either property . (See Note 5 for additional information). 
 Corporate Leases 
 On November 1, 2020, the Company relocated its corporate headquarters to a new office space pursuant to a lease agreement with an affiliate controlled and owned by Christopher Clemente, its Chief Executive Officer, and his family as landlords. On November 1, 2022 the Company executed a square foot lease expansion agreement with terms that align with the original agreement. See Note 6 for additional information). 
 On January 1, 2022, ParkX Management, LC, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a lease agreement for its parking operations monitoring center with an affiliate controlled and owned by Christopher Clemente, its Chief Executive Officer, and his family as landlords. See Note 6 for additional information). 
 Series C Preferred Stock Redemption 
 On June 13, 2022, the Company entered into the SEPA with CPRES, pursuant to which the Company acquired from CPRES all outstanding shares of its non-convertible and non-redeemable Series C preferred stock. See Note 10 for additional information) 
 
 15. 
 and of his or her compensation through payroll deductions, not to exceed the annual limit set by law. The Company currently matches the first of participant contributions limited to of a participant s gross compensation (maximum Company match is ). The combined total expense for this plan was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. 
 We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 We do not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only assurance, at the reasonable assurance level, that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No change has occurred in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during our last fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 The certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. The certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.1350 are furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 32.1. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

The information required by Items 10 through 14 of this section is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year-end. These items include: 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 3.1 November 16, 2015 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 10-K 3.2 March 31, 2005 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on March 22, 2017 
 8-K 3.1 March 28, 2017 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designation of Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 15, 2019 
 8-K 3.2 February 19, 2019 3.5 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 
 8-K 3.1 February 19, 2019 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate 
 S-1 4.1 August 13, 2004 4.2 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-K 4.2 March 31, 2022 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 S-1/A 10.10 December 7, 2004 10.2+ 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 
 S-1/A 10.12 December 7, 2004 10.3+ Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 
 S-1/A 10.13 December 7, 2004 10.4 Trademark License Agreement 
 S-1/A 10.23 December 7, 2004 10.5 Form of warrant issued in connection with private placement by Comstock Growth Fund, L.C. 
 10-K 10.91 April 14, 2015 10.6 Section 382 Rights Agreement between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC dated March 27, 2015 
 8-K 4.1 March 27, 2015 10.7 Form of Subscription Agreement and Operating Agreement dated August 15, 2016, between Comstock Investors X, L.C. and [-], with accompanying Schedule A identifying subscribers 
 10-Q 10.99 November 14, 2016 10.8 Amendment to the Operating Agreement, dated October 13, 2017, between Comstock Investors X, L.C. and CP Real Estate Services, LC (formerly Comstock Development Services, LC) 
 10-Q 10.62 November 16, 2017 10.9+ Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 DEF 14A Annex B January 22, 2019 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 10.10+ Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Pla n 
 10-K 10.26 April 15, 2020 10.11+ Form of Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 10.27 April 15, 2020 10.12 Revolving Capital Line of Credit Agreement dated March 19, 2020, Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and CP Real Estate Services, LC (formerly Comstock Development Services, LC) 
 10-Q 10.29 May 28, 2020 10.13 Promissory Note dated March 27, 2020, between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and CP Real Estate Services, LC (formerly Comstock Development Services, LC 
 10-Q 10.30 May 28, 2020 10.14+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated April 27, 2020, between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and Christopher Clemente 
 10-Q 10.2 August 14, 2020 10.15 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Comstock 3101 Wilson, LC dated February 7, 2020 
 10-Q 10.3 August 14, 2020 10.16 Deed of Lease dated November 1, 2020, between CRS Plaza I, LC and Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 
 10-K 10.32 March 31, 2021 10.17 Business Management Agreement dated July 1, 2019 by and between CHCI Asset Management, L.C. (formerly CDS Asset Management, L.C) and CP Real Estate Services, LC (formerly Comstock Development Services, LC 
 10-K 10.22 March 31, 2022 10.18 Operating Agreement of Comstock 44 Maryland, L C dated October 20, 2021. 
 10-K 10.30 March 31, 2022 10.19+ Consultant Agreement dated November 3, 2021 by and between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and Ivy Zelman. 
 10-K 10.31 March 31, 2022 10.20 Deed of Lease dated January 1, 2022 by and between Comstock Reston Station Holdings, LC and ParkX Management, LC 
 10-Q 10.1 May 16, 2022 10.21 Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Comstock 33 Monroe Holdings, LC dated March 21, 2022 
 10-Q 10.2 May 16, 2022 10.22 Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2022 among Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., Comstock Environmental Services, LLC and August Mack Environmental, Inc. 
 10-Q 10.3 May 16, 2022 10.23 Master Asset Management Agreement between Comstock Partners, LC and CHCI Asset Management, LC, dated June 13, 2022 
 10-Q 10.1 August 15, 2022 10.24 Share Exchange and Purchase Agreement between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and CP Real Estate Services, L.C., dated June 13, 2022 
 10-Q 10.2 August 15, 2022 14.1 Code of Ethics 
 10-K 14.1 March 31, 2005 21.1 List of subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith + Management contracts, compensatory plans, or arrangements 
 
 Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. Date: March 29, 2023 By: 
 /s/ CHRISTOPHER CLEMENTE Christopher Clemente 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ CHRISTOPHER CLEMENTE Chairman of the Board of Directors and March 29, 2023 Christopher Clemente Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ CHRISTOPHER GUTHRIE Chief Financial Officer March 29, 2023 Christopher Guthrie (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ DAVID M. GUERNSEY Director March 29, 2023 David M. Guernsey /s/ THOMAS J. HOLLY Director March 29, 2023 Thomas J. Holly /s/ JAMES A. MACCUTCHEON Director March 29, 2023 James A. MacCutcheon /s/ ROBERT P. PINCUS Director March 29, 2023 Robert P. Pincus /s/ SOCRATES VERSES Director March 29, 2023 Socrates Verses /s/ IVY ZELMAN Director March 29, 2023 Ivy Zelman 
 23 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 a202210-kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Name State of Incorporation or Organization 1 CHCI Asset Management, LC Virginia 2 CHCI Residential Management, LC Virginia 3 CHCI Commercial Management, LC Virginia 4 ParkX Management, LC d b a ParkX Virginia 5 CHCI Capital Management, LC Virginia 6 CHCI Real Estate Services, L.C. Virginia 7 Comstock Homes of Washington, L.C. Virginia 8 Comstock Investors X, L.C. Virginia 9 Superior Title Services, L.C. Virginia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 a202210-kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 29, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No. s 333-123709, 333-182838, and 333-230780). 

s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Arlington, Virginia 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a202210-kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Christopher Clemente, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 s CHRISTOPHER CLEMENTE Christopher Clemente 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a202210-kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Christopher Guthrie, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 s CHRISTOPHER GUTHRIE Christopher Guthrie Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a202210-kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of Christopher Clemente, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Christopher Guthrie, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to his best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 29, 2023 s CHRISTOPHER CLEMENTE Christopher Clemente 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date March 29, 2023 s CHRISTOPHER GUTHRIE Christopher Guthrie Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 chci-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 chci-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 chci-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 chci-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 chci-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

