<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1863460_0001493152-23-010013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4152976</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>251644</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>765246</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1171641</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>878945</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>992529</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010013.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331112129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001863460
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				863368971
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40696
		FILM NUMBER:		23784889

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CT 10-06, LEVEL 10, CORPORATE TOWER
		STREET 2:		SUBANG SQUARE, JALAN SS15/4G
		CITY:			SUBANG JAYA, SELANGOR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			47500
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60122030407

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CT 10-06, LEVEL 10, CORPORATE TOWER
		STREET 2:		SUBANG SQUARE, JALAN SS15/4G
		CITY:			SUBANG JAYA, SELANGOR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			47500

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010013.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

47500
 Selangor, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Office) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Units,
 each consisting of 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing
sale price of the registrant s common stock 10.00 as quoted on the NASDAQ on June 30, 2022, was approximately million. 

As
of February 28, 2023, shares of redeemable Class A common stock, 293,400 shares of non-redeemable Class A common
stock, 0.0001 per share par value, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, were issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

[ ] 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 6 

Item 1. Business 
 6 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

Item 2. Properties 
 14 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 14 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 
 
 PART II 
 15 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 16 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 18 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 18 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 18 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 19 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 19 
 
 PART III 
 20 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 20 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 25 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 25 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 29 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 30 
 
 PART IV 
 30 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 31 
 
 Signatures 
 32 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

This
Annual Report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Some of the statements in this Annual Report
constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or future financial condition. These
forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our
company, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

our
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and any material weaknesses of the foregoing; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

3 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report entitled
 Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws. 

We
use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, seeks, 
 plans, estimates, targets and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Part I 
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions
include our ability to originate new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional
capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report,
and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
the section titled Risk Factors , alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to the following: 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

4 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and members of our management team have
agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of
your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
your shares. 

The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may
give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct
due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to
complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, in which
case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which
case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per unit, or less than such amount in certain circumstances. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors
and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring
and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our
share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a
business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

5 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control
of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our
securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.02 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and
substantial dilution from the purchase of the shares of our Class A common stock. 

Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.02 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a
substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our sponsor and our management team including their affiliates and including the businesses referred to herein, may
not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may acquire. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, 
 our and refer to PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on April 13, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all the risks associated with emerging growth
companies. 

Our
management team is led by our Chief Executive Officer, Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh, who brings 15 years of experience in the business and entrepreneurship
world building great consumer products and companies. Mr. Ngoh has experience dealing directly with relevant authorities, governments,
and bureaucracies to ensure compliance with relevant laws, regulations, and standards. He has worked with numerous governments during
the course of his career as an entrepreneur. He is familiar with many aspects of opening a foreign business in a new country, including
obtaining government approvals for investment, work permits and other visa issues and obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of products. 

The
Company s sponsor is Global Link Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration
statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August 11, 2021. On August 16, 2021, the Company
consummated its Initial Public Offering of 5,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included
in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000 (see Note
6) (the Initial Public Offering ). The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000
Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. 

6 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 270,900 units
(the Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 2,709,000
(the Private Placement ). 

Subsequently,
on August 19, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional
Units occurred (the Over-allotment Option Units ). The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 750,000 units at a price
of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 7,500,000. On August 19, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment
Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 22,500 Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 225,000.
The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. 

A
total of 58,075,000, comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that closed on August 16, 2021,
and August 19, 2021, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account established
for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. 

The
holders of the Units (comprising shares of the Class A Common Stock, Rights and Warrants) were able to separately trade the shares
of Class A Common Stock, Rights and Warrants commencing on October 4, 2021. 

On
August 15, 2022, the Company announced that it had caused to be deposited 575,000 into the Company s Trust account for its public
stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial
business combination by three months from August 16, 2022 to November 16, 2022, which extension was the first of two three-month
extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents at the time. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company filed its quarterly report for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022, on Form 10-Q. 

On
November 7, 2022, the Company announced that it had caused to be deposited 575,000 into the Company s Trust account for its public
stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, allowing the Company to once again extend the period of time it had to consummate
its initial business combination by three months from November 16, 2022 to February 16, 2023, which extension was the second of two three-month
extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents at the time. 

On
December 5, 2022, the Company filed a preliminary proxy statement on Schedule 14A calling for a special meeting of the Company s
stockholders for the sole purpose of voting upon three proposals (i) the Extension Amendment Proposal, (ii) the Trust Amendment Proposal,
and, if necessary, (iii) the Adjournment Proposal, which proposals were more fully described in the Proxy Statement on file with the
SEC and which, if approved, would allow the Company additional time to complete its business combination (the Business Combination and extend the Termination Date to the Extended Deadline. 

7 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company filed the definite proxy statement on Schedule 14A calling for a special meeting of the Company s
stockholders to be held at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on December 28, 2022, at https://www.cstproxy.com/phpventuresacquisition/2022, for
the sole purpose of voting upon the following three proposals, as stated on the Form Schedule 14A: 

a proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Existing Company Charter in the form set forth in Annex A to the accompanying Proxy Statement, which we refer to as the Extension Amendment, giving
the Company the right to extend the date by which the Company must (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a business combination ),
(ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s
Class A common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s Initial Public Offering that closed on August 16, 2021
(the IPO from February 16, 2023 (the Termination Date by up to six (6) one-month extensions to August 16,
2023 at a price of 0.0525 per share per month, commencing February 16, 2023, our current Termination Date (which we refer to as the
 Extension, and such later date, the Extended Deadline (such proposal is the Extension Amendment Proposal ).
For the purposes of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), the full text of the resolution is as follows: RESOLVED,
that subject to and conditional upon the trust account, which is governed by the Investment Management Trust Agreement entered into between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on August 16, 2021, having net tangible assets of at least US 5,000,001
as at the date of this resolution, the amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, a copy of which is attached
to the accompanying proxy statement as Annex A, be and is hereby adopted. 

a proposal to amend the Investment Management Trust Agreement dated August 16, 2021 (the Trust Agreement entered into
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee Continental and the Company governing the trust account
(the Trust Account established in connection with the IPO (the Trust Amendment ), pursuant to the Amended
Investment Management Trust Agreement in the form set forth in Annex B to the accompanying Proxy Statement to extend the date on which
Continental must liquidate the Trust Account if the Company has not completed its initial business combination, from February 16, 2023
to August 16, 2023 (or such later date as may be determined by the Company s stockholders) (such proposal is the Trust Amendment
Proposal ), and 

a proposal to approve the adjournment of the Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary, to permit further solicitation and
vote of proxies in the event that there are insufficient votes for, or otherwise in connection with, the approval of the Extension Amendment
Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal, which we refer to as the Adjournment Proposal, which will be presented only
if there are not sufficient votes to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal. 

Each
of the Extension Amendment Proposal, Trust Amendment Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal is more fully described in the Proxy Statement
on file with the SEC. The purpose of the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal, and, if necessary, the Adjournment
Proposal, is to allow us additional time to complete our business combination (the Business Combination and extend the
Termination Date to the Extended Deadline. 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company announced that it had received redemption notices for 4,464,250 shares of its Class A Common Stock from
its stockholders. Accordingly, the Company postponed the previously scheduled meeting until 2:00 p.m. on Friday, December 30, 2022, to
solicit investors to reverse their redemption notices. Assuming no more than the minimum shares necessary to meet the condition of the
Extension Proposal are received, each non-redeeming stockholder would receive an additional 0.0625 per month per share for the duration
of the Extension going forward. 

In
response, and in connection, therewith the Company revised the terms of the previously announced proposed amendment (the Extension
Amendment to its Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter to be considered by its
stockholders at a Special Meeting of Stockholders to be held December 30, 2022 (the Special Meeting along with a proposed
amendment to the investment management trust agreement (the Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, as trustee Continental ), and the Company governing the trust account (the Trust Account established
in connection with the Company s Initial Public Offering dated August 16, 2021 (the Trust Amendment ). As revised,
the Extension Amendment would amend the Charter to provide for up to six one-month extensions to the date by which the Company must complete
its initial business combination (the Extended Date ), at the Company s option, provided that the Company deposits
into the Trust Account an additional 0.010 per unit for each month extended. 

8 

On
December 30, 2022, at 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, the special meeting of the Company s Stockholders was held virtually at https://www.cstproxy.com/phpventuresacquisition/2022,
pursuant to due notice. 

At
the Special Meeting, the Solicitor of the Election: 1) examined the proxy tabulation report containing a record of proxies presented,
and found that out of 7,480,900 shares entitled to vote at the Special Meeting, each of which entitles the holder to one vote per share,
the holders of 6,527,307 shares were present at the virtual meeting or by proxy, representing 87.25 of the shares entitled to vote at
the Special Meeting; and 2) took a vote among the holders of common stock of the Company on the Extension Amendment Proposal No. 1, and
the Trust Amendment Proposal No. 2. The Extension Amendment Proposal No. 1 received 6,527,288 votes in favor, and the Trust Amendment
Proposal No. 2 received 6,527,307 votes in favor. 

Proposed
Transaction 

On
December 8, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among (i) Modulex Modular
Buildings Plc, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 07291662 Modulex ), (ii) Modulex Merger Sub,
upon execution of a joinder agreement to become party to the Merger Agreement (a Joinder ), a to-be-formed Cayman Islands
exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and (iii) PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation PHP Ventures ). 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, PHP Ventures and Merger Sub shall consummate the Merger, pursuant to which PHP Ventures shall be merged with
and into Merger Sub with Merger Sub being the surviving entity (the Surviving Company ), following which the separate corporate
existence of PHP Ventures shall cease, and Merger Sub shall change its name to Modulex Cayman Limited and continue as the surviving entity
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Modulex. 

Merger
Consideration 

As
consideration for the Merger, the holders of Modulex securities collectively shall be entitled to receive from us, in the aggregate,
a number of our securities with an aggregate value equal to (the Merger Consideration Six Hundred Million U.S. Dollars 600,000,000). 

Prior
to the Effective Time, Modulex will complete the Recapitalization. The pro forma equity valuation of Modulex upon consummation of the
Transactions is estimated to be approximately 600 million, assuming no redemptions. Each (a) share of PHP Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be exchanged for one Modulex Ordinary Share; (b) warrant of PHP entitling the holder to purchase one
share of PHP Common Stock per warrant at a price of 11.50 per whole share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be
assumed by Modulex and will become a Modulex warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Modulex Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50
per share; and (c) right of PHP entitling the holder to purchase one share of PHP Common Stock per ten PHP rights will automatically
be exchanged at the Effective Time whereby each set of ten PHP rights will be converted to one Combined Company Ordinary Share (and only
sets of ten PHP rights will convert so any remaining PHP rights less than ten will expire). 

The
Business Combination Agreement provides that if, between the effectiveness of the Recapitalization and the Effective Time, (a) the outstanding
Modulex Ordinary Shares shall have been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different number of shares or different
class, in each case, by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split (including reverse stock split), split-up, combination
or exchange or readjustment of shares, (b) a stock dividend or dividend payable in any other securities of Modulex shall be declared
with a record date within such period, or (c) any similar event shall have occurred, then in each case Modulex Ordinary Shares issuable
hereunder in exchange for PHP Ventures Securities shall be appropriately adjusted to provide the holders thereof the same economic effect
as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement prior to such event. 

We
estimate that, upon consummation of the Transactions, assuming none of PHP s public stockholders demand redemption SPAC
Redemptions pursuant to the Existing PHP Charter, the securityholders of Modulex will own approximately 72.3 of the outstanding
one Modulex Ordinary Shares, and the securityholders of PHP and investors in Modulex s Pre-Transaction Financing will own the remaining
one Modulex Ordinary Shares. We estimate that if all of PHP s public stockholders demand redemptions pursuant to the Existing PHP
Charter, upon consummation of the Transactions, the securityholders of Modulex will own approximately 72.3 of the outstanding Modulex
Ordinary Shares, and the securityholders of PHP and investors in Modulex s Pre-Transaction Financing will own the remaining one
Modulex Ordinary Shares. 

9 

The
Business Combination Agreement and related agreements are further described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December
8, 2022. 

Other
than as specifically discussed, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not assume the closing of the Business Combination, or the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Our
Business Strategy 

We
will seek to capitalize on the significant relationships of Mr. Ngoh, along with other members of our Board and management team, to identify,
evaluate and acquire opportunities with businesses in the consumer products and services sector and have developed a wide network of
professional services contacts and business relationships in that industry. 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that can benefit from (i) the managerial
and operational experience of our management team, (ii) additional capital and (iii) access to public securities markets. We plan to
leverage our management team s network of potential proprietary and public transaction sources where we believe a combination of
our relationships, knowledge and experience in the technology sector could effect a positive transformation or augmentation of existing
businesses to improve their overall value. 

There
is no geographic limitation to the location of potential targets, as these types of opportunities are not necessarily bound by geography. 

Our
Acquisition Criteria 

We
intend to seek candidates with a total enterprise value from 100 million to 300 million that demonstrates one or more of the following
characteristics: 

strong core business with a competitive market position that has demonstrated competitive advantages, well-established barriers to entry,
unique characteristics that are difficult to replicate, have multiple opportunities for growth and operate in emerging markets with strong
fundamentals; 

attractive financial profile that has a demonstrated history of strong financial performance coupled with multiple vectors for continued
future growth and strong operating margins that result in sustainable cash flow generation in current times and post-pandemic recovery; 

trusted and experienced management team with a proven track record of driving growth, enhancing profitability and implementing sound
strategic decisions; 

strong working culture and internal working dynamics that has cultivated a robust corporate mindset that is mission-driven and is committed
to a defined set of core values that will strengthen operations and enhance execution, while benefiting from our knowledge, capabilities,
and expertise to improve through innovation, digitization and technology driven advancement; and/or 

platform for organic (and potentially inorganic growth) using our expertise and extensive networks to source proprietary business or
acquisition opportunities to accelerate the growth trajectory of a target business with broader access to debt and equity capital, liquidity
and incentives for employees and a currency for potential acquisitions and expanded brand and growth initiatives. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. We may use other criteria and guidelines as well. Any evaluation relating to the merits of
a particular initial business combination may be based on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors
and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a
target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that fact in our shareholder communications related
to the acquisition. 

10 

Our
Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company s
quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document
reviews, technology diligence, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry and academic experts, competitors,
customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target
company. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, if we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent
members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering and approving the transaction. 

Members
of our management team, including our officers and directors, directly or indirectly own our securities and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with
which to effectuate our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our management team, may have a
conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination, including if the retention or resignation of any such
officers, directors, and management team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such
business combination. 

We
have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

Each
of our directors, director nominees and officers presently have and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business
combination. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to
any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company, and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal
obligation. 

Our
founder, sponsor, officers, and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the
period in which we are seeking an initial business combination and their respective participation in any such companies may present additional
conflicts of interest in respect of determining to which such company a particular business combination opportunity should be presented,
particularly in the event there is overlap among the investment mandates of such companies. Additionally, one of our directors, Mr. Stein,
has invested in other blank check companies. We do not believe Mr. Stein s investments would affect our ability to identify and
pursue business opportunities or complete our initial business combination. 

11 

Moreover,
because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously
and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue, except with respect to our prohibition
from seeking target acquisitions in China and Hong Kong. In addition, our founder, sponsor, officers, and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. 

Our
board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination target, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make
an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar
or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s
assets or prospects. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business for the post-acquisition company to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our
initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for the purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

The
net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the placement units released to us from the trust account upon the closing of our initial
business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial business
combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the
trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption of
our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to
be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. 

12 

There
is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances,
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. Currently, we are not a party
to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. None of our sponsors, officers, directors, or stockholders are required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund
our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to
(i) receive funds from the trust account; or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares: (a) on any initial business combination, or
(b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to: (x) extend the time we have to consummate a
business combination from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at CT 10-06, Level 10, Corporate Tower Subang Square, Jalan SS15/4G, Subang Jaya 47500 Selangor, Malaysia,
and our telephone number is +60 3 5888 8485. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by
this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Annual Report are any of the risks described
in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, there have been one material
change to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for our IPO filed with the SEC and declared effective
by the SEC on August 11, 2021, or as disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 filed with the
SEC on September 16, 2021, as follows: 

The
Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business combination,
hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection
with a liquidation. 

On
August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ),
which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by a domestic corporation beginning
in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities will trade
on Nasdaq following the date of this prospectus, we will be a covered corporation within the meaning of the Inflation
Reduction Act following the Initial Public Offering, and while not free from doubt, it is possible that the Excise Tax will apply to any
redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial business combination
and any amendment to our certificate of incorporation to extend the time to consummate an initial business combination, unless an
exemption is available. Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In
addition, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets, and thus,
potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate an initial business combination. Further, the application of the Excise
Tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain absent further guidance. Nonetheless, we are not permitted to use the proceeds placed
in the trust account and the interest earned thereon to pay any excise taxes or any other fees or taxes, other than franchise and
income taxes, that may be imposed on us pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or laws, including without limitation any
excise tax imposed under the Inflation Reduction Act on any redemptions or stock buybacks by us. 

13 

We
may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
executive offices are located at CT 10-06, Level 10 Corporate Tower Subang Square Jalan SS15/4G Subang Jaya 47500 Selangor, Malaysia
and our telephone number is +60 3 5888 8485 . We have agreed to pay Arc Group Limited, a total of 10,000 per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and the use of this office location is included in such 10,000 monthly payment.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, 120,000 has been paid. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our
liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management
believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

14 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols PPHPU, PPHP, 
 PPHPR and PPHPW, respectively. Our Units commenced public trading on October 4, 2021. Our public shares and
public rights commenced separate public trading on October 4, 2021, and public warrants, all three of which comprised
the Units, commenced separate public trading on October 4, 2021. Our Class B common stock is not listed on any exchange. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were seven holders of record of shares of our common stock and one holder of record of our public
warrants. A substantially greater number of holders of common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares
of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. As a result, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders
represented by the record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

[None.] 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

[None.] 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

[None.] 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

As
previously reported, on August 16, 2021, PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. (the Company completed its Initial Public Offering
(the Offering of 5,000,000 units Units ). Each Unit will consist of one Class A common stock and one-half
of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant and one right Public Right ). Each Public Warrant will entitle
the holder to purchase one half of one common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment, pursuant to
the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333 - 256840). The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. 

Subsequently,
on August 19, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional
Units occurred (the Overallotment Option Units ). The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 750,000 units at a price
of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 7,500,000. On August 19, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Overallotment
Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 22,500 Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 225,000.
The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. 

The holders of Units were able to elect to separately trade the
shares of Class A Common Stock, Rights, and the Warrants, comprising the Units, commencing on October 4, 2021. Those Units not separated
will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PPHPU, and the Class A Common Stock, Rights, and Warrants
that are separated will trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols PPHP PPHPR and PPHPW, 
respectively. 

15 

No
payments for our expenses were made in the offering described above directly or indirectly to (i) any of our directors, officers or their
associates, (ii) any person(s) owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or (iii) any of our affiliates, except in connection
with the repayment of outstanding loans and pursuant to the administrative support agreement disclosed herein which we entered into with
our sponsor. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our offering as described in our final prospectus
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) related to the IPO. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements under this
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used
in this Annual Report, words such may, should, could, would, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative
of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward looking statements. Factors that
might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward
looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our
management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved, and actual results could be affected
by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report should be read
as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Annual Report. For these statements, we claim the
protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results
could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings
with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified
in their entirety by this paragraph. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on April 13, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging
growth companies. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the
sale of the Private Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital
or to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
for the IPO, conducting the IPO and identifying a target company for a business combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO We incur expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 1,848,123 which consisted of realized gain on marketable securities held in our
Trust Account of 802,841 offset by formation and operational costs of 2,369,751, franchise tax of 200,050 and provision for income
tax of 81,163. 

16 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
August 16, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 5,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to
the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 50,000,000, and incurring offering costs of 3,153,369, of which 1,750,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions (see
Note 6). 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 270,900 units
(the Private Placement Units to Global Link Investment LLC, the sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor ), at
a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 2,709,000 (the Private Placement (see
Note 4). 

Subsequently,
on August 19, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of 750,000 additional units at a price of 10 per unit (the Units upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to fully exercise their overallotment option Overallotment Units ),
generating additional gross proceeds of 7,500,000 and incurred additional offering costs of 412,500, of which 262,500 are for deferred
underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Class
A Common Stock ), one-half of one Class A redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share, and one Right Right ), with each
Right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock, subject to adjustment, pursuant to the Company s
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256840). 

Simultaneously
with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional 22,500 Private Placement Units
to Global Link Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 225,000. 

Transaction
costs of the IPO with the exercise of the overallotment amounted to 3,565,869 consisting of 1,150,000 of cash underwriting
fees, 2,012,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 403,369 of other costs. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have available to us 24,927 of cash on our balance sheet and a working capital of 13,259,991. We intend to
use the funds held outside of the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business
due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to
acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The interest income earned on the investments in the
Trust Account are unavailable to fund operating expenses. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation
of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowed 662,787 under
such loans. 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may, by
resolution of the board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times,
each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing
additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and the trust agreement to be entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the time
available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees,
must deposit into the Trust Account 575,000 with the underwriters over-allotment option exercised in full 0.10 per unit in
either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three month extensions, providing a total
possible Business Combination period of 18 months at a total payment value of 575,000 with the underwriters over-allotment option
exercised in full 0.10 per unit). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing
and payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination out of the proceeds of the trust account released to it. On August 8, 2022,
the Company entered into a loan and transfer agreement with the Sponsor, according to which on August 15, 2022, the Company s Sponsor
has deposited into the Company s trust account 575,000 representing 0.10 per public share) to extend the period of time it has
to consummate its initial business combination by three months from August 16, 2022 to November 16, 2022 (the Extension ).
On November 16, 2022, the Company s Sponsor has further deposited into the Company s trust account 575,000 (representing
 0.10 per public share) to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from November
16, 2022 to February 16, 2023. 

17 

Going Concern Consideration 

The Company expects to incur significant costs in
pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination
within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the IPO, the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public
shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The balance sheet
does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has
funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or
the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial
statement has been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ),
which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The underwriter is entitled
to a deferred fee of three point five percent (3.50 of the gross proceeds of the Offering upon closing of the Business Combination,
or 2,012,500. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of audited financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the audited financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods
reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. As of December 31, 2022, there was no critical accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our audited financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

18 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have
concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) were not effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board
of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because
of these inherent limitations, management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and
all fraud. Management conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 Framework ).
Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that
our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes
that the financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to
accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and
consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report
on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to
our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal period that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

19 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Marcus
 Choo Yeow Ngoh 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 Garry
 Richard Stein 
 
 77 
 
 Chief
 Finance Officer, and Director 
 
 Antony
 Gordon 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Donald
 Nnamdi Anih, Esq. 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Khye
 Wang Phoon 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

Marcus
Choo Yeow Ngoh, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Marcus
Choo Yeow Ngoh has served as Chief Executive Officer since our inception. From March 2006 to May 2021 Mr. Ngoh served as the Director
of Edmark Promotions Hong Kong Co. Ltd., where he successfully opened up new businesses in the Middle East and Africa. From 1994 to 2005,
Mr. Ngoh served as a Marketing Executive for Everdynamic Marketing where he promoted consumer products via live demonstrations. From
1992 to 1993 Mr. Ngoh served as an Accounting Assistant for Everdynamic Marketing where he maintained accounts payable, accounts receivable
and prepared Financial Statements. Mr. Ngoh received his diploma in Accounting from Systematic Business School in May 1991 and Chartered
Institutes of Marketing CIM UK from Systematic Business College in May 1992. 

Garry
Richard Stein, Chief Finance Officer and Director 

Garry
Richard Stein is our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Stein has served the Executive Vice President and Director of Hope Gold Limited, a
gold mining producer in the Republic of Ghana from March 2019 to April 2021. From November 2017 to March 2019 Mr. Stein served as the
Managing Partner and Chief Knowledge Officer, Quotable Management Limited and as a Strategic Advisors in Partnership with the World Reserve
Trust Group of Companies. From October 2015 to January 2018, Mr. Stein served as an Advisory Board Member of Baryon Solar PTE Ltd. a
developer and operator of utility scale alternative power generation in emerging markets. From November 2013 to January 2018, Mr. Stein
served as a Managing Director of CAF Limited. From January 2014 to July 2015, Mr. Stein served as the Executive Director of Global Networking
One Group Holdings Limited. From December 2014 to June 2015, Mr. Stein served as the Executive Vice President, Corporate Development
of Mineral Bull Limited and its parent shareholder, Earth Fortune Limited. From September 2010 to June 2015, Mr. Stein was the director
and significant shareholder of the previously Toronto Stock Exchange listed company Salmon River Resources Ltd. From June 2009 to June
2015, Mr. Stein served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Shi Ba Capital Limited, a BVI registered investment and advisory
firm. From September 2009 to December 2012 Mr. Stein served as the Director of Corporate Development for Hong Kong listed Sino Prosper
State Gold Resources Holdings Limited. Mr. Stein was the Managing Director of Quam Private Equity from March 2008 to June 2009. Mr. Stein
established and was Vice President and Chief Investment Officer for Golden China Resources Corporation from February 2004 to January
2008. From August 2003 to November 2007 Mr. Stein served as the Vice President of Kingsway Capital of Canada Inc., a subsidiary of Kingsway
International Holdings Ltd. and served as Managing Director Chief Investment Officer of Golden China Management Inc. From October
1995 to July 2003 Mr. Stein was an independent merchant banker. From March 1999 to October 2001, Mr. Stein served as Vice President of
Finance, Chief Financial Officer Secretary of Explorers Alliance Corporation. Mr. Stein received a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry
at the Case Institute of Technology of Case Western Reserve University. In August of 1972, Mr. Stein received a Master of Applied Science
in Metallurgy and Materials Science, from the University of Toronto. In December of 1997, Mr. Stein received his Master of Business Administration
from York University. 

20 

Khye
Wang Phoon, Independent Director 

Khye
Wang Phoon founded Elite Organic and has been the Managing Director since 1995. From 1989 to 1995 Mr. Phoon served as a Sales Manager
with Lindeteves-Jacoberg. From 1983 to 1989, Mr. Phoon worked at Behn Meyer as a Sales and Marketing Pharmacist. From 1982 to 1983, Mr.
Phoon worked as pre-registration pharmacist at St. James Teaching Hospital. Mr. Phoon was registered as a qualified Pharmacist with the
Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain in 1983 and registered with the Malaysian Pharmacy Board, Ministry of Health. Mr. Phoon
received his Bachelor of Pharmacy from the University of Bradford in 1982. 

Donald
Nnamdi Anih, Esq., Independent Director 

Donald
Nnamdi Anih Esq. has been serving as the Managing Partner of the law firm Donald Anih Co. since 2007. From 2003 to 2015, Mr. Anih
served as the Director of Studies at the Kings Computer Institute. From 1993 to the present Mr. Anih has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Donny Systems Limited where he negotiated terms of business acquisitions to increase business base, solidify market presence
and diversify offerings. Mr. Anih received his degree in Data Processing and Programming in 1991 from the University of Lagos, Akoka
Yaba. Mr. Anih additional received his L.L.B in 2006 from the University of Lagos and his B.L in 2007 from the Council of Legal Education
at the Nigerian Law School. 

Antony
Gordon, Independent Director 

Antony
Gordon has been the President of Stealth Consulting Management, Inc. since December 2013. Mr. Gordon has over 25 years of experience
working with family offices, high net worth individuals, professional athletes and celebrities, as well as assisting public and private
companies with respect to a broad range of advisory services related to capital markets and business developments. Mr. Gordon was an
officer in the company VitroTech, which filed for Chapter 13 under the Bankruptcy Code in 2013. Mr. Gordon served as the Managing Director
of MGO from February 2017 to September 2020 where he spearheaded business development for an entrepreneurial professional services firm.
From February 2010 to November 2013, Mr. Gordon served as the Managing Director of CREO Select Opportunities Fund, L.P. where he ran
investor relations for an opportunistic long-short hedge fund. From January 2008 to October 2010, Mr. Gordon served as the Managing Director
of Mesirow Financial where he managed business development for the valuation group. From September 2006 to December 2007 Mr. Gordon served
as the Managing Director of East Avenue Capital Partners, a global macro hedge fund. Mr. Gordon attended the University of Witwatersrand
and received a Bachelor of Arts in Law and Industrial Psychology as well as a Bachelor s in Law. Mr. Gordon additionally has a
Master of Law from Harvard Law School and attended Harvard Business School s Executive Program. 

21 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected
in each year and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year
term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. 

The
term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Gordon will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The
term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Anih, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The
term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Phoon and Mr. Ngoh, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we complete our initial business combination. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our sponsor, upon completion of an initial business combination, will
be entitled to nominate individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any securities covered by the
registration rights agreement. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers may consist
of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We expect that our board of directors will determine that all of our directors, other
than Mr. Ngoh are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our members of management. It is unlikely the amount
of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination business
will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers
will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely
by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

22 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a corporate governance and nominating
committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the
audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Phoon, Anih and Gordon are members of our audit committee, and
Mr. Gordon will chair the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least
three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Our board of directors has determined that each of the proposed
audit committee members meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange
Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that each of Antony Gordon
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

The
audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

23 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Phoon, Anih
and Gordon. Mr. Anih will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we
are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent directors. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Messrs. Phoon, Anih, and Gordon are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

24 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at
the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request
from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
See the section of this prospectus entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting, finder
or success fees to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business
combination. In addition, our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to
consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report
on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Since
our formation, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans
to any of our executive officers or directors. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and
as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A common stock offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of public shares in
this offering, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially
owns shares of common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 7,480,900 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 5,750,000 shares
of our Class A common stock, and (ii) 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On
all matters to be voted upon, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single
class. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not
exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

25 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our
common stock beneficially owned by them. 

On
May 3, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.02 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 1,437,500 shares
of founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible.
The per unit price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares
issued. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Global Link Investment LLC (1)(2) 
 293,400 
 4.85 
 1,429,500 
 99.44 
 19.1 
 
 Marcus Ngoh (1)(2) 

1,429,500 
 99.44 
 19.1 
 
 Garry Richard Stein (1)(2) 

1,429,500 
 99.44 
 19.1 
 
 Khye Wang Phoon (1) 

2,500 

Donald Nnamdi Anih, Esq. (1) 

2,500 

Legacy Royals, LLC (1)(3) 

3,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 
 293,400 
 4.85 
 1,437,500 
 100.0 
 19.2 

5 Stockholders 

RED RIBBON ASSET MANAGEMENT PLC(4) 
 865,450 
 11.6 
 
 KARPUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (5) 
 369,460 
 5.0 
 
 BOOTHBAY FUND MANAGEMENT LLC. (6) 
 450,000 
 6.0 
 
 WEISS ASSET MANAGEMENT LP (7) 
 0 
 0 
 
 SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. (8) 
 550,000 
 7.4 
 
 ATW SPACE MANAGEMENT LLC. (9) 
 450,000 
 6.0 
 
 HUDSON BAY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L.P. (10) 
 450,000 
 6.0 
 
 POLAR ASSET MANAGEMENT PARTNERS INC. (11) 
 577,630 
 9.56 
 
 MIZUHO FINANCIAL GROUP INC. (12) 
 394,688 
 5.2 
 
 WOLVERINE ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC (13) 
 1,682,760 
 5.93 
 
 YAKIRA ENHANCED OFFSHORE FUND LTD. (14) 
 330,000 
 5.46 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock, as well as placement shares after this
 offering. Founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as
 described in the section of this prospectus entitled Description of Securities. Unless otherwise noted, the business
 address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. CT 10-06, Level 10, Corporate Tower
 Subang Square, Jalan SS15/4G, Subang Jaya, 47500 Selangor, Malaysia. 

(2) 
 Reflects
 the shares transferred to each individual named. Global Link Investment LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities
 reported herein. Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the manager and member and Garry Richard Stein
 is a member of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. Ngoh and Mr. Stein may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of
 the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Ngoh and Mr. Stein each disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the
 extent of his pecuniary interest. The business address of each of these entities and individuals is CT 10-06, Level 10, Corporate
 Tower Subang Square, Jalan SS15/4G, Subang Jaya, 47500 Selangor, Malaysia. 

(3) 
 Record
 Owner is Legacy Royals, LLC an entity owned by Antony Gordon. Mr. Gordon would be deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares
 held by Legacy Royals. 

26 

The
founder shares held by our initial stockholders represent 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion
of this offering (excluding any placement units and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering),
with the potential to own as a result of their founder shares up to 14.29 of the outstanding shares of common stock based on certain
triggering events. 

Holders
of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination.
Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring
approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant
corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

The
holders of the founder shares have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and
(b) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor
and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities
laws. 

Global
Link Investment LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh, our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, is the manager and member and Garry Richard Stein is a member of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship,
Mr. Ngoh and Mr. Stein may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Ngoh and Mr.
Stein each disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. The business address of each of these
entities and individuals is 78 SW 7th Street, Suite 500, Miami, Florida 33130. 

(3) 
 Record
 Owner is Legacy Royals, LLC an entity owned by Antony Gordon. Mr. Gordon would be deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares
 held by Legacy Royals. 

(4) 
 Red
 Ribbon Asset Management PLC received its shares as a transfer from the former controlling member of our Sponsor in connection with
 loan it made to fund the extensions. While the shares remain held by the Sponsor, they are beneficially owned by Red Ribbon. The
 business address of Red Ribbon is 16 Berkeley Street, Mayfair, London, W1J 8DZ. 

27 

(5) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on April 8, 2022, by Karpus Investment Management, a New York Corporation. The address of the business
 office of the Reporting Persons is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. 

(6) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on August 19, 2021, Boothbay Fund Management, LLC. a Delaware limited liability company, Boothbay Absolute
 Return Strategies LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and Ari Glass, a United States citizen. The name in the table is the one who
 holds the largest amount in the 13G. The principal business address of each of the Reporting Person is 140 East 45th Street, 14th
 Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

(7) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A jointly filed on January 28, 2022 and amended by 13G/A filed on January 30, 2023 by Weiss Asset Management LP,
 a Delaware limited partnership, BIP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WAM GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
 and Andrew M. Weiss, Ph.D., a United States citizen. The principal business office address for each Reporting Person is 222 Berkeley
 St., 16th floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 

(8) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2022, by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. The address of
 the business office of the Reporting Person is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(9) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on September 13, 2021, by ATW SPAC Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The address of the
 business office of the Reporting Person is 7969 NW 2nd Street, #401, Miami, Florida 33126. 

(10) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 3, 2022, which is amended by the 13G/A filed on, February 10, 2023 by Hudson Bay Capital Management
 LP, a Delaware limited partnership. The address of the business office of the Reporting Person is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor,
 Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

(11) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2022, which is amended by the 13G/A filed on, February 14, 2023, by Polar Asset Management
 Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada. The address of the business office of the Reporting Person
 is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(12) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2022, by Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., company formed under the laws of Japan. The address
 of the business office of the Reporting Person is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku, Tokyo 100 8176, Japan. 

(13) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 3, 2022, by Wolverine Holdings L.P. a company incorporated under the laws of Illinois. The address
 of the business office of the Reporting Person is 175 West Jackson Blvd., Suite 340, Chicago, IL 60604. 

(14) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on January 31, 2023, by Yakira Enhanced Offshore Fund Ltd. a company formed in the Cayman Islands. The address
 of the business office of the Reporting Person is 1555 Post Road East, Suite 202, Westport, CT 06880. 

28 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On
May 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price
of 25,000 in cash. Such Class B common stock includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively
own at least 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Offering (assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase
any Public Shares in the Offering and excluding the Placement Units and underlying securities). The underwriters exercised the over-allotment
option in full, so those shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. On May 26, 2021, our sponsor transferred 20,000 shares
to Mr. Ngoh, 6,000 shares to Mr. Stein, 2,500 shares to Mr. Phoon, 2,500 shares to Mr. Anih and 3,000 shares to Legacy Royals, LLC an
entity controlled by Mr. Gordon. 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B common stock (except to certain permitted transferees)
until, with respect to any of the Class B common stock, the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business
Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
after a Business Combination, with respect to the remaining any of the Class B common stock, upon six months after the date of the consummation
of a Business Combination, or earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange
their common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

On
May 3, 2021, the Sponsor committed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of
October 31, 2021, or the completion of the IPO. Upon IPO, the Company had borrowed 95,120 under the
Note. A total of 95,120 under the promissory note was repaid on September 1, 2021. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may provide us with a loan to the Company up
to 1,500,000 as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted upon
consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding
under any Working Capital Loans. 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may, by
resolution of the board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times,
each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing
additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and the trust agreement to be entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the time
available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees,
must deposit into the Trust Account 575,000 with the underwriters over-allotment option exercised in full 0.10 per unit in
either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three month extensions, providing a total
possible Business Combination period of 18 months at a total payment value of 575,000 with the underwriters over-allotment option
exercised in full 0.10 per unit). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing
and payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination out of the proceeds of the trust account released to it. On August
8, 2022, the Company entered into a loan and transfer agreement with the Sponsor, according to which on August 15, 2022, the Company s
Sponsor has deposited into the Company s trust account 575,000 representing 0.10 per public share) to extend the period of time
it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from August 16, 2022 to November 16, 2022 (the Extension ).
On November 16, 2022, the Company s Sponsor has further deposited into the Company s trust account 575,000 (representing
 0.10 per public share) to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from November
16, 2022 to February 16, 2023. 

29 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to MaloneBailey, LLP, or MaloneBailey, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by MaloneBailey in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of MaloneBailey for
professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our
Forms 8-K for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC totaled approximately 99,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, and 42,500 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The above amounts include interim
procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay MaloneBailey any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees . We have not paid MaloneBailey any fee for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay MaloneBailey for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

part
IV 

ITEM
15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3)
Exhibits 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

30 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 
 
 F-2 
 
 Audited
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Audited Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 - F-17 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 PHP
Ventures Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
the period from April 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
the period from April 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within
a prescribed period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 ,
LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

PART
IV - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETs 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Cash and marketable securities held in trust account 

Total Current Assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Working Capital Loans related party 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred underwriter fee payable 

Extension loan related party 
 
 - 
 
 Amount due to redeemed public shareholders (including shares for redemptions claimed as of 12/31/22 but not yet paid) 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares (excluding shares for redemptions claimed as of 12/31/22 but not yet paid) at redemption value of on December 31, 2022 and shares at redemption value of per share on December 31, 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Class A common shares, 
 par value; shares
 authorized; 
 issued and outstanding (excluding at
 12/31/22, (including 
 shares for redemptions claimed as of 12/31/22 but not yet paid), at redemption value of 
 per share on December 31, 2021 and 
 Class A shares subject to redemption on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Class B common shares, par value ; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F- 3 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT S
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from 

April 13, 2021 

For the year ended 
 (Inception) Through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Unrealized Loss from marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 - 

Realized gain from marketable securities held in trust account 

Other income, net 

Loss before provision for income taxes: 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Net Loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 4 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 13, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2022 

Additional amount deposited into trust per common stock subject to possible redemption) 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance - April 13, 2021 (inception) 

Balance 

Issuance of Class B Common stock to Sponsor 

Sale of IPO Units 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Offering and Underwriting costs 

Common shares subject to redemption 

Accretion of APIC to deficit 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F- 5 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT S
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from 
 April 13, 2021 
 (inception) through 
 December 31, 2021 

Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Realized gain from marketable securities held in trust account 

Unrealized Loss from marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash
 withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Proceeds from extension 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sponsor working capital loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 - 

Payment of offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 - 

Value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 - 

Re-measurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Extension funds attributable to common stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Amount due to redeemed shareholder 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F- 6 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to
the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of , and incurring offering costs of , of which was for deferred underwriting commissions (see
Note 6). 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of units
(the Private Placement Units to Global Link Investment LLC, the sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor ), at
a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of (the Private Placement (see
Note 4). 

Subsequently,
on August 19, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit (the Units upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to fully exercise their overallotment option Overallotment Units ),
generating additional gross proceeds of and incurred additional offering costs of , of which are for deferred
underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share Class
A Common Stock ), one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for per share, and one Right Right ), with each
Right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock, subject to adjustment, pursuant to the Company s
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256840). 

Simultaneously
with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units
to Global Link Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of . 

A
total of , comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that closed on August 16, 2021
and August 19, 2021, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account Trust
Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 

Transaction
costs of the Initial Public Offering with the exercise of the overallotment amounted to consisting of of cash underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other costs. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Following
the closing of the IPO of cash was held outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes.
As of December 31, 2022, we have available to us of cash on our balance sheet and a working capital of . 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination.
The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect
a Business Combination. 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the
Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to
redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business
Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. 

. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination before August 16, 2023 (or as extended by the Company s stockholders in
accordance with our certificate of incorporation), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the independent public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter
of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to
below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or
directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Liquidity
and Management s Plans 

Prior
to the completion of the IPO, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period
of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company has since completed its IPO at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was
released to the Company for general working capital purposes. The Company have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty during period leading up to the business
combination. However, there is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful
within the Combination Period. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing
of the IPO, the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises
substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working
capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated
in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statement has been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of
the Company as a going concern. 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise
tax. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions
and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii)
the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued
not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content
of regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the
Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing
could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete
a Business Combination. 

Modulex
Business Combination 

On
December 8, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among (i) Modulex Modular
Buildings Plc, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 07291662 Modulex ), (ii) Modulex Merger Sub,
upon execution of a joinder agreement to become party to the Merger Agreement (a Joinder ), a to-be-formed Cayman Islands
exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and (iii) PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation PHP Ventures ). 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, PHP Ventures and Merger Sub shall consummate the Merger, pursuant to which PHP Ventures shall be merged with
and into Merger Sub with Merger Sub being the surviving entity (the Surviving Company ), following which the separate corporate
existence of PHP Ventures shall cease, and Merger Sub shall change its name to Modulex Cayman Limited and continue as the surviving entity
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Modulex. 

As
consideration for the Merger, the holders of PHP common stock PHP Common Stock ), as of immediately prior to the effective
time of the Business Combination, shall be entitled to receive an equal number of Modulex Ordinary Shares. Modulex will assume all the
outstanding warrants of PHP, and each PHP warrant (the PHP Warrants will become a warrant to purchase the same number
of Modulex Ordinary Shares (the Modulex Warrants being assumed. Each PHP right to acquire one-tenth (1/10) of one share
of PHP Common Stock (the PHP Rights shall become the right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Modulex Ordinary Share (the
 Modulex Rights ). In furtherance of the Business Combination, and in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination
Agreement, PHP shall provide an opportunity for PHP stockholders to have their outstanding shares of PHP Common Stock redeemed on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and PHP s certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, each as amended from time to time. 

The
Transaction will be consummated subject to the deliverables and provisions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

cash in operating account
and cash in trust account. There were cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to valuation allowance on the deferred
tax assets. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosure and transition. 

The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized
tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues
under review that could result in significant payments, accruals, or material deviation from its position. 

The
Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

The
Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws.
The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

The
provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

. On December 30, 2022, in connection with the Extension
Amendment Proposal, stockholders elected to redeem shares of the Company s Class A common stock. On December 31, 2022,
there were shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering issued and subject to possible redemption. 

. At December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Denominator: weighted average number of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per redeemable Class A common stock 

Class B common stock 

Numerator: net loss allocable to Class B common stock 

Denominator: weighted average number of Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per Class B common stock 

Numerator: net loss allocable to Classes of common stock 

Denominator: weighted average number of Classes of common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per Classes of common stock 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Units at a purchase
price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant and one right Public Right ). Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one half of one Class A common stock
at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one
Class A common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, so you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive
shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination (see Note 7). 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of . 

The
proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be added to the net proceeds from the Proposed Offering held in the Trust Account.
The Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the Proposed Offering, except for the placement warrants Placement Warrants ),
as described in Note 7. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law)
and the Placement Warrants and the rights underlying the Placement Units Private Rights will expire worthless. 

shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price
of in cash, or approximately per share. On May 26, 2021, our sponsor transferred shares to Mr. Ngoh, shares
to Mr. Stein, shares to Mr. Phoon, shares to Mr. Anih and shares to Legacy Royals, LLC an entity controlled by Mr.
Gordon. 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of these founder shares (or shares of common stock issuable upon
conversion thereof) until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent
to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
May 3, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of , to be used for payment of costs related to the Proposed Offering. The note is non-interest bearing and
payable on the earlier of (i) or (ii) the consummation of the Proposed Offering. A total of under the promissory
note was repaid on September 1, 2021. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of notes may be converted upon consummation
of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

As
December 31, 2021, the Company did not borrow any amount under such loans. As December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowed 
 under such loans. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
5 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

Extension
Loan Related Party 

The
Company will have until 12 months (or up to 18 months if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination)
from the closing of the Proposed Offering to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than five business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to ), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence
a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission
held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such
event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public
Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution
will be less than the amount initially deposited in the Trust Account per Unit ). 

On
August 8, 2022, the Company entered into a loan and transfer agreement with the Sponsor, according to which on August 15, 2022, the Company s
Sponsor has deposited into the Company s trust account representing per public share) to extend the period of time
it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from August 16, 2022 to November 16, 2022 (the Extension ).
On November 16, 2022, the Company s Sponsor has further deposited into the Company s trust account (representing
 per public share) to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from November
16, 2022 to February 16, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, were outstanding under such extension loan. 

This
extension loan is non-interest bearing and will be due upon consummation of the initial business combination. If the Company complete
the initial business combination, the Company will, at the option of the sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the
trust account released to the Company or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units at a price of per unit,
which units will be identical to the Placement Units. If the Company does not complete a business combination, the Company will repay
such loans only from funds held outside of the trust account. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
6 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

Underwriters
Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public
Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The aforementioned option was exercised in full on August 19, 2021. 

The
underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of two percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or .
In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three point five percent (3.50 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering, or . The deferred fee was placed in the Trust Account and will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Right
of First Refusal 

Subject
to certain conditions, the Company has granted EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, for a period of 12 months after the
date of the consummation of a business combination, a right of first refusal to act as sole book runner, and/or sole placement agent,
at the representative s sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity
linked financings for us or any of our successors or subsidiaries. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A), such right of first refusal
shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms
a part. 

preferred shares with a par value of per share with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022, there
were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of 
per share. At December 31, 2022, there were
 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Class A Common Stock subject
to possible redemption. 

Class
B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. At December 31, 2022, there were
 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class
A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis. 

Warrants
 Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the
Warrants. The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) 12
months from the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Proposed Offering. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash
unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
and a current prospectus relating to such common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the common
stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants is not effective within 60 days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed
to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration
under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Warrants on
a cashless basis. The Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
7 Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

The
Company may call the Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant: 

at any time while the Warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Warrant holder, 

i and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the common stock underlying such warrants at the
time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

The
Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Offering, except that the
Placement Warrants and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or
salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

If
the Company calls the Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants
to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the
funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they
receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly,
the warrants may expire worthless. 

The
exercise price is per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. In addition, if (x) if the Company issues additional shares
of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or
effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or
its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance)
(the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our
initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during
the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such
price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger
price described below under Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

Rights
 Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination,
even if the holder of such right redeemed all shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will
be issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive
its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit
purchase price paid for by investors in the Proposed Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination
in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the
same per share consideration the holders of the Class A common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A
common stock basis and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert its rights in order to receive 1/10 share underlying
each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except
to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). 

PHP
VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Net
 Operating Loss - Federal 
 - 

Unrealized
 gain on investment in trust account 

Total
 deferred tax asset 

Valuation
 allowance 

Deferred
 tax asset, net of allowance 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable
income. 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with
respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

NOL
 Carry-forward - US 
 - 

Permanent
 differences 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in valuation allowance 

Income
 tax provision 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination
by the various taxing authorities. 

of cash held in trust was paid to redeemed public shareholders and was reinvested
in treasury liquidity funds. 

On
February 14, 2023, Company s Sponsor has further deposited into the Company s trust account , including 
(representing per public share) to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month
from February 16, 2022 to March 16, 2023 and extra funds for further one month extension. On March
13, 2023, Company s Sponsor has further deposited into the Company s trust account to extend the period of time it
has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from March 16, 2022 to April 16, 2023. 

F- 17 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 31, 2023. 

PHP
 VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh 

Marcus
 Choo Yeow Ngoh 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Marcus
 Choo Yeow Ngoh 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Garry Richard Stein 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Garry
 Richard Stein 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

32 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein. (2) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By Laws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 16, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 16, 2021, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Company s sponsor, Global Link Investments LLC. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated May 3, 2021, issued to the Company (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 16, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 16, 2021, by and among the Company and certain securityholders. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative
 Support Agreement, dated August 09, 2021, by and between the Company and Arc Group Limited. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated May 3, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Global Link Investment LLC. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021. 

33 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION1 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary of the registered securities of PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation, as amended and bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as
an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Delaware law. Unless the context
requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us in this Exhibit
refer to PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. 

Pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par
value, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par
value. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right.
Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his, her or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means that
only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the
units and only whole warrants are trading. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade
a whole warrant. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A common stock upon consummation of
our initial business combination, so you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing
of a business combination. 

Placement
Units 

The
placement units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that (a) the placement units and their component securities will
not be transferable, assignable, or salable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted
transferees and (b) will be entitled to registration rights. 

Common
Stock 

6,520,900
shares of our common stock are outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option and the corresponding
forfeiture of 187,500 founder shares by our sponsor), consisting of: 

5,270,900
 shares of our Class A common stock underlying the units being offered in this offering (5,000,000) and the private placement (270,900);
 and 

1,250,000
 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders. 

Our
sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 270,900 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price
of 2,709,000. The initial stockholders hold an aggregate of approximately 23.3 of the issued and outstanding common stock following
the offering and the expiration of the underwriters over-allotment option (including the placement shares to be issued to the
sponsor and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering or the public market). If we increase or decrease the size of the
offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with
respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership
of our initial stockholders at 20.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (excluding the placement units and the
underlying securities and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering) upon the consummation of this offering. 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable
provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are
voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each
of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative
voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election
of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the
board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into
an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the
number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business
combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.10 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors will enter into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they
will agree to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them
in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes
and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal
reasons, we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC,
and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our certificate of incorporation will
require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules
and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if
a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such
meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing
a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. The underwriters
will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares it acquires. The representative has informed
us that it has no current commitments, plans or intentions to acquire any public shares for its own account; however, if they do acquire
public shares, it will do so in the ordinary course of business or in the types of transaction described in the first paragraph under
 Proposed Business Effecting our Initial Business Combination Permitted purchases of our securities. The
underwriters will not make any such purchases when in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller, during
a restricted period under Regulation M under the Exchange Act, in transactions that would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10(b)-5 under
the Exchange Act, or if prohibited by applicable state securities laws or broker-dealer regulations. To the extent our initial stockholders
or purchasers of placement units transfer any of these securities to certain permitted transferees, such permitted transferees will agree,
as a condition to such transfer, to waive these same redemption rights. Our sponsor purchased 293,400 placement units at the price of
 10.00 per unit in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of this offering. If we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, the other initial stockholders, our officers, and our directors have agreed
to vote their respective founder shares, placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions (as described in this
prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders 
vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of
our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once
a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice
of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. The quorum and
voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our
initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with
any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of
15 of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial
business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to
dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during
or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination.
As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares and placement shares, we would need 109,326 or 2.1 of the
5,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming only the minimum number
of shares representing a quorum are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. In the event that all shares of
our outstanding common stock are voted, we would need 1,739,551 or 34.8 of the 5,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be
voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public
stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject
to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing
of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions
subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 575,000 0.10 per unit in either case) for each three
month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation),
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business
days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors will enter into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they will agree to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by
them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from
the closing of this offering at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain
conditions, including the deposit of up to 575,000. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after this offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made
for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares and Placement Shares 

The
founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of
founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us,
pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held
by them and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment
to our certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering
at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit
of up to 575,000 0.10 per unit in either case) for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s
stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation) or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing
of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions
subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 575,000 0.10 per unit in either case) for each three
month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation),
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common
stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business
combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers, and directors have agreed pursuant to the
letter agreement to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering
(including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked
securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the initial
business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted
(unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any
such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class
B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock
outstanding (excluding and the placement units and underlying securities) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities
issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of
the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio.
They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for
our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii)
negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment
is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock but would reduce the percentage
ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of
holders of both classes of our common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities
that are convertible, exercisable, or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection
with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed
issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible
securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board
of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional
or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations, and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board
of directors are able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect
the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of
directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of
control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently
intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock
are being issued or registered in this offering. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of this offering and 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only
for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant
holder. No fractional warrants have been issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants are trading. Accordingly, unless
you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable, and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. 

We
are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use
our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares
of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day
after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following
the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that
such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, right issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
 period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in this offering. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If
we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that
other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of
shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted
average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital
stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering at the election of the Company
in two separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 575,000 0.10
per unit in either case) for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in
accordance with our certificate of incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete
our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of
such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common
stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

The
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants
and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least
a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders
of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to
be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings
that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with our company. This provision does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. In addition, unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the full extent permitted by law, be the
exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Placement
warrants 

Except
as described below, the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of
the units in this offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability, redemption and exercise period. The placement warrants (including
the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of this
prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Placement Units, to
our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). 

In
addition, holders of our placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination.
The units would be identical to the placement units. However, as the units would not be issued until consummation of our initial business
combination, any warrants underlying such units would not be able to be voted on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection
with such business combination. 

We
may also receive loans from our sponsor to finance any extension of the deadline for consummating the initial business combination. The
sponsor would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid
in the even that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such
notes would be repaid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or all, or any portion, of such loans may be convertible
into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the sponsor, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units
would be identical to the placement units. 

Our
sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among
other limited exceptions as described under the section of this prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions
on Transfers of Founder Shares and Placement Warrants made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor. 

Rights 

Each
holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even
if the holder of such right redeemed all Class A common stock held by it in connection with the initial business combination. No additional
consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial
business combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in this
offering. If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive
agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the Class A common stock
will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A common basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively
convert its rights in order to receive the 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation
of the business combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election to convert the rights into
underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, holders of rights will not receive any such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from
our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As
soon as practicable upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return
their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such rights the
number of full Class A common stock to which it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights
to the rights agent promptly upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process
of exchanging their rights for Class A common stock should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely
ministerial in nature and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the
rights upon consummation of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder
are valid, we will have no ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties
for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. 

The
shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). We will not
issue fractional shares upon conversion of the rights. Fractional shares will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. As a result,
you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from
our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no
contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination.
Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase or decrease the
size of the offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable,
with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership
of our initial stockholders at 20.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (excluding the placement units and the
underlying securities and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering) upon the consummation of this offering. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Rights Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants and right agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant
agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of
acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct
or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the
completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65 
of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own approximately 20 of our common stock upon the
closing of this offering (including the placement shares to be issued to the sponsor and assuming they do not purchase any units in this
offering), will participate in any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner
they choose. Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If
 we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months
 from the closing of this offering at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of
 certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 575,000 0.10 per unit in either case) for each three month extension, into
 the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation), we will
 (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
 days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
 cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
 account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
 by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as
 stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
 promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of
 directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
 for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to
 (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors
 or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent
 directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
 valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for
 business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
 Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially
 the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide
 our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So
 long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business
 combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding
 the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a
 definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If
 our stockholders approve an amendment to our certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
 to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this
 offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering at the election of the Company in two separate three month extensions
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 575,000 0.10 per unit in either case) for each three
 month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of
 incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity,
 we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
 such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
 interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number
 of then outstanding public shares; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our certificate of incorporation will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares unless our net tangible
assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment
of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute
prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a
 stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an
 affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an
 associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section
203 do not apply if: 

our
 board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date
 of the transaction; 

after
 the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at
 least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common
 stock; or 

on
 or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized
 at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
 stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most
circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive
forum for certain lawsuits 

Our
certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions
against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of
Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there
is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the
personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction
of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction.
If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it
is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision
and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the
Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the
90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy
statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content
of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders
or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action
by written consent 

Subsequent
to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a
duly called annual or a special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other
than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors will initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving
staggered three-year terms. Our certificate of incorporation will provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only
by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from
office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on
our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a
majority of our directors then in office. 

Class
B Common Stock Consent Right 

For
so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any
provision our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would
alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock.
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders
of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take
such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale 

Immediately
after the consummation of the offering we will have 7,480,900 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 5,750,000 shares
sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares
purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 1,437,500 founder shares,
all 293,400 placement units (including component securities contained therein) are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they
were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and placement units (including
component securities contained therein) are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus. These restricted
securities will be entitled to registration rights as more fully described below under Registration Rights. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock, warrants or rights for at least six months would
be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or
at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for
at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 18
months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock, warrants or rights for at least six months but who are our affiliates
at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such
person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 
 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding, which will equal 74,234 shares immediately after this offering;
 or 

the
 average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form
 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
public information about us. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 18 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and placement units (including component securities contained
therein), as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, placement units (including component securities contained therein) and units (including securities contained
therein) that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of
the placement warrants or upon conversion of the placement rights and any shares of Class A common stock, warrants and rights (and underlying
Class A common stock) that may be issued upon conversion of the units issued as part of the working capital loans and Class A common
stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of
the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement
does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering our securities. We will
bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing
of Securities 

We
have listed our units, Class A common stock, warrants and rights on Nasdaq under the symbols PPHPU, PPHP ,
 PPHPW and PPHPR, respectively on Nasdaq promptly after the effective date of the registration statement.
The shares of our Class A common stock, warrants and rights are listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh 

Marcus
 Choo Yeow Ngoh 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Garry Richard Stein, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Garry Richard Stein 

Garry
 Richard Stein 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Marcus Choo Yeow Ngoh 

Marcus
 Choo Yeow Ngoh 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Garry Richard Stein, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Garry Richard Stein 

Garry
 Richard Stein 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pphp-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pphp-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pphp-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pphp-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

