<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1841137_0001213900-23-024703.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4809946</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>484858</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>920383</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1243963</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1046696</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>971488</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024703.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330165007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024703
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841137
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40719
		FILM NUMBER:		23781387

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CENTERVIEW CAPITAL
		STREET 2:		31 WEST 52ND STREET, 22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-429-2211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CENTERVIEW CAPITAL
		STREET 2:		31 WEST 52ND STREET, 22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024703.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_conyerspark3.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: 

 Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant CPAAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants included as part of the Units, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 CPAAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
registrant s Units began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq on August 10, 2021 and the registrant s
shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Class A common stock and warrants began trading on the Nasdaq on
September 28, 2021. The aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates
of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq,
was . 

As
of March 29, 2023, shares of Class A common stock (which includes shares of Class A common stock that are underlying the
Company s units), par value 0.0001, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Class B common
stock ), were issued and outstanding. 

CONYERS
PARK III ACQUISITION CORP. 

Form 10-K 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CERTAIN TERMS 
 ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 57 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 57 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 

PART II 
 58 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 59 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 65 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 65 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 65 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 66 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 66 

PART III 
 67 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 76 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 80 
 
 Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 83 

PART IV 
 84 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 85 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), references to: 

we, 
 us, company or our company are to Conyers Park
 III Acquisition Corp.; 

public
 shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in our
 initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
 in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including, without limitation,
 our initial stockholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial stockholders
 and/or members of our management team have purchased public shares, provided that each initial
 stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder 
 shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

management 
 or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

sponsor 
 are to Conyers Park III Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate
 of Centerview Capital; 

founder
 shares are to shares of our Class B common stock, 8,925,000 of which are currently
 outstanding and have been issued to our initial stockholders prior to our initial public
 offering and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof; 

Centerview
 Capital are to Centerview Capital Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 and its affiliates; 

Centerview
 Capital Consumer are collectively to (i) the consumer private equity investment business
 sponsored by Centerview Capital, and (ii) the various entities and funds that are engaged
 in such business; 

common
 stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement
 simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; and 

initial
 stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering. 

specified
 future issuance are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities
 to specified purchasers, which may include affiliates of Centerview Capital, that we may
 determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange
Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, 
 estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, 
 will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, 
or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not
materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate
any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These
statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including,
but not limited to: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

failure
 to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, Nasdaq or an inability
 to have our securities listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange following
 our initial business combination; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These
risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that
our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ
materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results
or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on January 7, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. 

While
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry or sector, we are focused on the consumer sector and consumer-related businesses,
which complements our expertise and which will benefit from our operational value add. We believe that our experience and capabilities
will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses, enhance our ability to complete a successful business combination,
and bring value to the business post-business combination. Not only does our team bring a combination of operating, investing, financial
and transactional experience, but also has worked closely together in the past at multiple consumer companies, creating value for shareholders.
We believe that companies operating in the consumer sector have characteristics which make them attractive investments. Many companies
in the consumer industry generate high margins and strong free cash flow, maintain operational stability throughout economic cycles,
and serve as good platforms for future acquisitions. Furthermore, these companies can create significant value by introducing new products
and/or services to the marketplace, growing distribution, and building brands that resonate in households worldwide. Our team has executed
on these growth strategies throughout their careers. 

Our
team has prior experience in raising blank check companies similar to our own company and executing successful business combinations.
Please refer to the paragraphs below under Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. and Conyers Park II Acquisition Corp. 
for more detail on our prior blank check companies respective business combinations with Atkins Nutritionals, Inc. (to form The
Simply Good Foods Company) in 2017 and with Advantage Solutions in 2020. 

Our management team is led by David J. West, our
Chief Executive Officer, Brian K. Ratzan, our Chief Financial Officer and Max Papkov, our Vice President of Strategy. In addition,
James M. Kilts serves as Special Advisor to the Board. In this role, Mr. Kilts works closely with the management team in identifying and
evaluating businesses for a potential business combination. Mr. Kilts also will work closely with the management team to execute such
a business combination and it is expected that he will have a meaningful role advising the combined company after completion of the business
combination. Mr. West s and Mr. Kilts careers have centered on identifying and implementing value creation initiatives throughout
the consumer industry. They have collectively created approximately 50 billion in shareholder value throughout their combined 75+ year
careers in the consumer industry by relying on what we believe to be tried-and-true management strategies: cost management and productivity
enhancement and reinvesting the savings behind product innovation, marketing and brand building. Mr. Ratzan and Mr. Papkov collectively
bring 35+ years of private equity and special purpose acquisition company SPAC investing experience. The deep operating
experience of Mr. West and Mr. Kilts complements Mr. Ratzan s and Mr. Papkov s financial and transactional expertise to create
a unique team capable of identifying attractive investments and executing deals in the consumer sector. 

1 

Mr. West is an established leader in the
consumer industry, with over 30 years of experience leading a range of companies and well-known brands. Mr. West served as Chief
Executive Officer and President of Big Heart Pet Brands (formerly Del Monte Foods) from 2011 to 2015. Mr. West worked closely with Mr.
Kilts during this time period, as Mr. Kilts was Chairman of the Board of Big Heart Pet Brands. Mr. West repositioned the business to focus
on growth and innovation, enhance distribution, and develop a marketing culture to focus on brands and products. The J. M. Smucker Company
purchased Big Heart Pet Brands in March 2015. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer of Big Heart Pet Brands, Mr. West oversaw
the creation of approximately 2 billion of equity value for investors. Prior to joining Big Heart Pet Brands, Mr. West served as the
Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of The Hershey Company, or Hershey, from 2007 to 2011. Under Mr. West s leadership,
Hershey experienced net sales and profit growth and strong shareholder returns, and was recognized as one of the World s 100 Most
Innovative Companies by Forbes Magazine in 2011. The success created by Mr. West s leadership at Hershey led to more than 5 billion
of equity value creation for shareholders during his tenure. Hershey s share price appreciated 68 during this time period, while
the S P 500 was flat. Prior to joining Hershey in 2001, Mr. West spent 14 years with Nabisco, where he worked closely with Mr.
Kilts during Mr. Kilts tenure as Chief Executive Officer. 

Mr.
Kilts is a renowned leader in the consumer industry, with over 40 years of experience leading a range of companies and iconic brands.
Mr. Kilts served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of The Gillette Company, or Gillette, from 2001 until
it merged with The Procter Gamble Company in 2005; at that time he became Vice Chairman of the Board of The Procter 
Gamble Company. Before Mr. Kilts joined Gillette, the company s sales had been flat for four years, and it had missed earnings
estimates for 14 consecutive quarters. Mr. Kilts took steps to rebuild the management team, cut costs and reinvest the savings in innovation
and marketing. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kilts oversaw the creation of approximately 30 billion in equity value
for Gillette s public shareholders, with Gillette s share price appreciating 110 while the S P 500 declined 3 over
the same time period. Under Mr. Kilts leadership, Gillette rejoined the top ranks of consumer products companies as sales increased
an average of 9 each year. The Harvard Business Review cited Mr. Kilts leadership as the driving force behind Gillette s
turnaround. Prior to Gillette, Mr. Kilts served as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Nabisco Company, or Nabisco, from 1998
until its acquisition by The Philip Morris Companies in 2000. Before joining Nabisco, Mr. Kilts was an Executive Vice President of The
Philip Morris Companies from 1994 to 1997 and headed the Worldwide Food group. In that role, Mr. Kilts was responsible for integrating
Kraft and General Foods and for shaping the group s domestic and international strategy. Mr. Kilts had previously served as President
of Kraft USA and Oscar Mayer. More recently, Mr. Kilts served as Chairman of the Board of Nielsen Holdings PLC from 2011 to 2014 while
it was under private ownership. During this time Mr. Kilts worked closely with management to defend key existing customers and win new
business. During their investment period, the investor group s equity value creation was nearly 7 billion. 

Our
sponsor is an affiliate of Centerview Capital. Founded in 2006, Centerview Capital sponsors multiple investment funds, including consumer
funds (also known as Centerview Capital Consumer) and technology funds (also known as Centerview Capital Technology). Our team, including
David J. West, Brian K. Ratzan, Max Papkov and James M. Kilts (Special Advisor to the Board), are all partners of Centerview
Capital Consumer. Our team has made investments across the consumer industry spectrum, including the food and beverage, household/personal
care and consumer services sectors with a proven track record of identifying high-quality assets, businesses and management teams. Centerview
Capital is associated with Centerview Partners. Certain partners in Centerview Partners are also partners (either directly or indirectly)
in the ultimate general partner and the manager of Centerview Capital Consumer s investment funds, and serve on Centerview Capital
Consumer s investment committee. Centerview Partners is a leading independent investment banking and advisory firm which provides
advice on mergers and acquisitions, financial restructurings, valuation and capital structure to companies, institutions and governments.
Since the founding of Centerview Partners in 2006, the firm has advised on nearly 3 trillion of transactions. Centerview Partners 
clients include over 20 of the 50 largest companies in the world by market capitalization, including many of the world s most
influential consumer companies, which we believe further broaden our reach and network of deal contacts. 

Our
team s proprietary deal sourcing network, ranging from industry executives, private owners, private equity funds and investment
bankers, in addition to the extensive global industry and geographical reach of Centerview Capital Consumer and Centerview Partners,
will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities across the entire consumer sector. Our team believes that its ability to identify
and implement operational value creation initiatives will remain central to its differentiated acquisition strategy. Additionally, our
network and current affiliations will allow us to lean heavily on an existing infrastructure of resources that will assist in due diligence
and ultimately structuring an acquisition. 

2 

Conyers
Park Acquisition Corp. 

In
April 2016, our team founded Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. Conyers Park I ), a blank check company formed for substantially
similar purposes as our company. Conyers Park I completed its initial public offering in July 2016, generating aggregate proceeds of
 402.5 million, which it used to complete a business combination with Atkins Nutritionals, Inc. in July 2017 and to form The Simply Good
Foods Company Simply Good Foods ). Simply Good Foods is a developer, marketer and seller of branded nutritional foods and
snacking products including nutrition bars, ready-to-drink shakes, snacks and confectionery products marketed under the Atkins ,
Quest and Atkin Endulge brand names. Since the business combination, Simply Good Foods has executed on its strategic plan and
grown the business organically through product innovation, improved packaging and new marketing campaigns. Simply Good Foods also acquired
Quest Nutrition in November 2019 for 1.0 billion, which further strengthened Simply Good Foods position within the nutritional
snacking category by expanding its portfolio of brands and product offerings. Total reported net sales for Simply Good Foods and Atkins 
North America brand net sales (an organic measure) have grown at 24 and 11 CAGRs, respectively, from FY2017 to FY2022. Simply Good
Foods common stock is listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol SMPL . Mr. Kilts and Mr. West currently serve as Chairman
and Vice Chairman, respectively, and Mr. Ratzan currently serves as a Director of Simply Good Foods. 

Conyers
Park II Acquisition Corp. 

In
May 2019, our team founded Conyers Park II Acquisition Corp. Conyers Park II ), a blank check company formed for substantially
similar purposes as our company and Conyers Park I. Conyers Park II completed its initial public offering in July 2019, generating aggregate
proceeds of 450 million, which it used to complete a business combination with Advantage Solutions Inc. Advantage Solutions 
or Advantage ), in October 2020. The combination valued Advantage at an enterprise value of approximately 5.2 billion and
included a common stock private placement of 855 million, of which 500 million was raised from institutional investors. Advantage is
a leading provider of sales and marketing services to consumer goods brands and retailers. Advantage s data and technology-enabled
omnichannel solutions including sales, retail merchandising, business intelligence, digital commerce and a full suite of marketing
services help brands and retailers across a broad range of channels drive consumer demand, increase sales and achieve operating
efficiencies. Advantage s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol ADV . Mr. Kilts, Mr. West and Mr.
Ratzan currently serve as Directors of Advantage. 

Potential
Special Purpose Acquisition Vehicles 

Members
of our management team and our board, as well as Centerview Capital, may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies
during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and these future blank check companies that members of our
management team, our board and/or Centerview Capital, may be affiliated with, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. We would
expect that any such blank check companies that members of our management team, our board and/or Centerview Capital are affiliated with
in the future will have a more generalist focus than our company, although like our company, they would not be limited in their ability
to pursue an initial business combination in the consumer sector and consumer related businesses. However, given the history of our management
team and board in executing successful business combinations with Conyers Park I and Conyers Park II, we would anticipate that appropriate
targets in the consumer sector and consumer related businesses would be more likely to seek to enter into a transaction with our company
rather than a blank check company that does not have a specific emphasis on the consumer sector. See Part III, Item 10 Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest for a discussion of the fiduciary and contractual obligations
members of our management team and board have or may have in the future. 

With
respect to the foregoing examples, past performance by our management team or Centerview Capital Consumer, including with respect to
Conyers Park I and Conyers Park II and, in turn, Simply Good Foods and Advantage, is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect
to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business
combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management s or Centerview Capital Consumer s performance
as indicative of our future performance. In addition, for a list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest
may or does exist between such officers and the company, as well as the priority and preference that such entity has with respect to
performance of obligations and presentation of business opportunities to us, please refer to the table and subsequent explanatory paragraph
under Part III, Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. 

3 

Business
Strategy 

Our
acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and build a company in the consumer sector that complements the experience
of our team and can benefit from its strategic and operational expertise. After our initial business combination, we envision our strategy
may include additional mergers and acquisitions with a focus on generating attractive risk adjusted returns for our stockholders. We
will leverage our team s network of potential proprietary and public transaction sources where we believe a combination of our
relationships, knowledge and experience in the consumer sector could effect a positive transformation or augmentation of existing businesses
to improve their overall value. 

We
have utilized and plan to continue to utilize the network and industry experience of Mr. West, Mr. Ratzan, Mr. Papkov, Mr. Kilts, our
sponsor and their affiliates and our association with Centerview Partners in seeking an initial business combination and employing our
acquisition strategy. Over the course of their careers, the members of our team and their affiliates have developed a broad network of
contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. This network has been
developed through our team s: 

extensive
 experience in sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, integrating, developing, growing,
 financing and selling businesses; 

deep
 relationships with sellers, financing providers and target management teams; and 

experience
 in executing transactions in the consumer sector under varying economic and financial market
 conditions. 

We
expect these networks will continue to provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate
that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, which may include investment market
participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Upon completion
of our initial public offering, members of our management team communicated with their vast networks of relationships to articulate the
parameters of our search for a target company and a potential initial business combination and began the process of pursuing and reviewing
potentially interesting leads. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with this strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into
our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire companies
that we believe: 

have
 market and/or cost leadership positions in their respective consumer niches and would benefit
 from our extensive networks and insights within the consumer sector; 

provide
 enduring products or services, with the potential for revenue, market share and/or distribution
 improvements; 

are
 well-positioned within emerging growth areas of the consumer sector, including agricultural
 and farm technologies, protein alternative products and infrastructure technologies; 

offer
 the opportunity for our management team to partner with established management teams or business
 owners to achieve long-term strategic and operational excellence; 

exhibit
 unrecognized value or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital and a need for
 capital to achieve the company s growth strategy, that we believe have been misevaluated
 by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review; and 

will
 offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet
the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy
solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

4 

Our
Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and
other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, which is a member of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members
of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants and,
accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which
to effectuate our initial business combination. In particular, because the founder shares were purchased at approximately 0.002 per
share, the holders of our founder shares (including members of our management team that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could
make a substantial profit after our initial business combination even if our public stockholders lose money on their investment as a
result of a decrease in the post-combination value of their shares of common stock (after accounting for any adjustments in connection
with an exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business combination). Further, each of our officers and directors may have
a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers
and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

All
of the members of our management team are employed by Centerview Capital Consumer. Centerview Capital Consumer is continuously made aware
of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. In addition, members of
our management team and certain directors were previously in discussions with potential business combination partners in their capacity
as officers and directors of Conyers Park I and II. We may pursue any business combination target that has already been considered by
members of our management team, our board, Centerview Capital and/or Centerview Partners in a different context. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. 

In
addition, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition (as defined below) opportunity with an entity to which an officer
or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our
initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance
to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. 

In
addition to the above, some of our executive officers have fiduciary or contractual duties to Simply Good Foods, Advantage, Centerview
Capital Consumer and/or to certain companies in which Centerview Capital Consumer has invested. As a result, some of our officers may
have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities to certain parties before we can pursue such opportunities. Our executive officers are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities. However, we do not expect either potential conflicts of interest or the time taken by our management
team s other duties to present a significant constraint in our ability to identify, diligence and execute potential business combinations.
Moreover, some of our executive officers have time and attention requirements for private investment funds of which affiliates of Centerview
Capital Consumer are the investment managers. 

In
addition to the entities for which members of our management team and our board have current fiduciary or contractual obligations, members
of our management team and our board, as well as Centerview Capital and Centerview Partners, may sponsor, form or participate in other
blank check companies during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, all of the entities for
which members of our management team and our board have current fiduciary or contractual obligations, as well as any future blank check
company that members of our management team, our board and/or Centerview Capital, may be affiliated with, may compete with us for acquisition
opportunities. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect
our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

5 

We
would expect that any such blank check companies that members of our management team, our board and/or Centerview Capital are affiliated
with in the future will have a broader industry scope than our company, although like our company, they would not be limited in their
ability to pursue an initial business combination in the consumer sector and consumer related businesses. However, given the history
of our management team and board in executing successful business combinations with Conyers Park I and Conyers Park II, we would anticipate
that appropriate targets in the consumer sector and consumer related businesses would be more likely to seek to enter into a transaction
with our company rather than a blank check company that does not have a specific emphasis on the consumer sector. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
of our directors or officers unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. Accordingly, if any of our executive officers, directors or director nominees becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities, or any blank check company our executive officers, directors
or director nominees may be affiliated with in the future, and to which he or she has current or future fiduciary or contractual obligations,
and such opportunity was not presented to such individual solely in their capacity as a director or officer of our company, we would
expect that he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to
such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Conversely, if such individual was presented an opportunity
solely in their capacity as a director or officer of our company, and our company is legally and contractually permitted to undertake,
and it would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, such opportunity, we would expect he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to our company and only present it to such other entities for
which he or she has fiduciary or contractual obligations if we reject the opportunity. Finally, if such individual was presented or made
aware of a business combination opportunity not in their capacity as a director or officer of our company or any other entity to which
they have fiduciary or contractual obligations, such individual would have discretion as to which entity it would present such business
combination opportunity. 

Significant
Activities Since Inception 

On
August 12, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 35,700,000 Units (each a Unit and, collectively, the Units ),
including Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional Units to cover overallotments.
Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant, to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of 357,000,000 (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). Simultaneously with
the consummation of our initial public offering and the sale of the Units, we consummated the private placement of 6,760,000 warrants
at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, issued to our sponsor, generating total proceeds of 10,140,000. 

Approximately
 357 million of the net proceeds from the initial public offering (including the over-allotment) and certain of the proceeds of the private
placements with our sponsor were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

Our
Units began trading on August 10, 2021 on the Nasdaq under the symbol CPAAU. Commencing on September 30, 2021, the securities
comprising the Units began separate trading. The Units, common stock, and warrants are trading on the Nasdaq under the symbols CPAAU, 
 CPAA and CPAAW, respectively. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Our
initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on
the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

6 

We
may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with one or more entities affiliated with Centerview Capital and/or one
or more investors in funds managed by Centerview Capital, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such
parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds
to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future
issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout this Report. The
amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated
to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant
to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the
conversion ratio such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage
ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering
plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common
stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. They may waive such specified
future issuance due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the initial business combination;
(ii) during negotiations with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; (iii) during negotiations with parties
providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock; or (iv) as part of the Affiliated Joint
Acquisition. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified
future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future
issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership
of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership
of holders of both classes of our common stock. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated
Joint Acquisition as described above. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value
of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of
a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

Our
Management Team 

Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their
time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member
of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

7 

We
believe our team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number
of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our team have developed a broad network of
contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our team sourcing, acquiring
and financing businesses, our team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience
of our team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See Part III, Item 10 Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a more complete description of our team s experience. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we
offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock
or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public
offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the
same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business
would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders 
interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in
attracting talented employees. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. 

8 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of shares of our Class
A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year or the market value of shares of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available for a business combination in the amount of 347,006,908, after payments of 12,495,000 of deferred underwriting fees,
and before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as
creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt
or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow
us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to
secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement
warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may
seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our Class
A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including
for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
currently do not have any specific transaction under consideration with a target business with which to consummate our initial business
combination. Certain members of our management team are employed by Centerview Capital Consumer. Centerview Capital Consumer is continuously
made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination, but we have
not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business with respect to a business combination transaction with
us. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination (which may include a specified future issuance), and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the
proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws,
we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial
business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing
the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of
such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance,
or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding
with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

9 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market
participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses
may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources
may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources
will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates,
may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal
or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive
a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships
of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals
that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms, including one or more of the underwriters or
one of their respective affiliates, or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee
or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In addition, the underwriters
may provide these services without additional compensation. We will formally engage a finder only to the extent our management determines
that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited
basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is
customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account.
In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be
paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the
completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate
of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our
sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of
our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial
business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process
of an acquisition candidate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated
with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

As
more fully discussed in Part III, Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, 
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any
entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may, at our option, pursue
an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation.
Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional
proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. 

10 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Our
initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on
the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or
targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple
businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we are
not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be
valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in our initial public offering to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination. 

To
the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk
factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers and inspection of facilities,
as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

11 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry.
By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you
that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that those additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. 

Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets	 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company	 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company	 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target	 
 Yes 

12 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number
 of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a
 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly
 or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
 or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding shares of
 common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of common
 stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a
variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would
 require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval
 or doing so would place; 

the
 company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the
 company; 

the
 expected cost of holding a stockholder vote 

the
 risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination 

other
 time and budget constraints of the company and 

additional
 legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome
 to present to stockholders. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

In
the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in
privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not
make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder,
although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption
rights. We have adopted an insider trading policy which will require insiders to refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout
periods and when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information and to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to
execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as such purchases
will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances,
our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

13 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke
their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer
subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the
Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the
purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of
obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that
requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that
such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have
been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify
and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the
trust account or vote against the business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase
shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be
complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay up to 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as
well as to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we
will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay
to the underwriters. The redemption rights include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion
of our business combination. 

14 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors described above 
Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination , such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset
acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not
survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner
that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business
combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder
approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
 issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1
to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to
comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we
may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our
initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders
tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

15 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or
by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares
of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and have agreed
to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business
combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no
effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares, we would need 13,387,501, or 37.5 , of the 35,700,000 public shares outstanding to be voted in favor of a transaction
(assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public
shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the
agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes
or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the
event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed
the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class
A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public
stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 10 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management
to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 10 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 10 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability
to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing
condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 

16 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal
to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify
itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer
materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute
proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short
exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact
such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had
an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the
company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders
were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until August 12, 2023. 

17 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 12, 2023, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay up to 1,000,000
of our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of
directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants,
which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination by August 12, 2023. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by August 12, 2023. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by August 12, 2023. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 12, 2023 or which adversely affects the rights of holders of
our Class A common stock, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay up to 1,000,000 of
our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise and income taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure
you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses
associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required
to pay up to 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as well as to pay franchise and income taxes on interest income earned on
the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest
to pay those costs and expenses. The amount of interest available to us from the trust account may be less than 1,000,000 as a result
of the current interest rate environment. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account
could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00.
Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision
for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make
any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that
we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

18 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or
a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust
account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust
account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share.
In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in
connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to approximately
 1,000,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses
incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate
and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our
trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

19 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our business combination by August 12, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under
Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes
reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period
before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our business combination by August 12, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such
redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of
creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay up to
 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of
directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible
following August 12, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting
firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be
made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust
account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are
not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn
to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed
as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

20 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not complete our business combination by August 12, 2023 or if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion
of the initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the
trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting
in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we have encountered, and may continue to encounter
intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity
groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established
and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these
competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
currently have three officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters
but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. 

The
amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for
our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

Our
Units, Class A common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us
as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business
will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not
be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe
that this limitation will be material. 

21 

We
are required to evaluate our internal controls over financial reporting procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required
to have our internal control over financial reporting procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls over financial reporting. The development of the internal controls
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of shares of our Class
A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year or the market value of shares of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team
in their capacity as such. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Report, including financial statements, before making a decision to invest in our units.
If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In
that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. In that event, the
trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

We
 are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis
 on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past
 performance by our management team, Simply Good Foods, Advantage, or Centerview Capital or
 its affiliates, including Centerview Capital Consumer, is not indicative of future performance
 of an investment in us. 

Our
 public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination,
 which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our
 public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders
 have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
 public stockholders vote. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless
 we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

22 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
 would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
 your stock. 

The
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
 frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets
 as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our
 business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
 a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19)
 outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We
 may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame,
 in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would
 redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive
 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will
 expire worthless. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders,
 which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
 of our Class A common stock. 

If
 a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection
 with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
 such shares may not be redeemed. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell
 your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You
 will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
 companies. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions
 pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are
 deemed to hold in excess of 10 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to
 redeem all such shares in excess of 10 of our Class A common stock. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
 to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain
 circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

As
 the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive
 targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This
 could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our
 inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

23 

If
 the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being
 held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our
 search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination
 and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a
 business combination, to pay our franchise and income taxes and to complete our initial business
 combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial
 business combination. 

We
 have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This
 material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of
 operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

The
 other risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Report. 

Risks
Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of our Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

We
are a recently formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a recently formed company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may
be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating
revenues. 

Past
performance by our management team, Simply Good Foods, Advantage, or Centerview Capital or its affiliates, including Centerview Capital
Consumer, is not indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated
with, our management team, Simply Good Foods, Advantage, Centerview Capital or its affiliates, including Centerview Capital Consumer,
is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance of our management team, Simply Good Foods, Advantage,
Centerview Capital or its affiliates, including Centerview Capital Consumer, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully
identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination
we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team, Simply Good Foods, Advantage,
Centerview Capital or its affiliates, including Centerview Capital Consumer, as being indicative of the future performance of an investment
in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in Simply Good Foods,
Advantage, or Centerview Capital or its affiliates, including Centerview Capital Consumer. 

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even
if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see Part I Our Company
 Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders
agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders in connection with an
initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares, we would need 13,387,501, or 37.5 , of the 35,700,000 public shares outstanding to be voted in favor of a transaction
(assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our initial stockholders own
shares representing 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders
agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 

24 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless
we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you were not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more
target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do
not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may
be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our
tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently,
if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not
proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase
price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account
to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption
than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account
or arrange for third party financing. 

Raising
additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels.
The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital
structure, and may result in substantial dilution from your purchase of our Class A common stock. The effect of this dilution will be
greater for stockholders who do not redeem. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not
be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination, which may further dilute your investment. The
per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our
obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 

25 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If
our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires
us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate
the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such
time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material
loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to
sell your stock in the open market. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that
would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination by August 12, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a
business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe
described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on
terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout
the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a Public
Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared
a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020
the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted and a significant
outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial
markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially
and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue
to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and
services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts
our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others.
If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate
a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing
which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity
and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

26 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only
receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination by August 12, 2023. We may not be
able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by such date. If we have not completed our initial
business combination by such date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay up to 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up
to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive
 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00
per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other
risk factors below. 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination by August 12, 2023, we may seek an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to extend the period of time we have to complete an initial business combination beyond 24 months. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will require that such an amendment be approved by a majority of holders of our outstanding common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may
elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are
under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record
holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event
that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their
prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination
and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business
combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national
securities exchange. 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails
to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination.
Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder
may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable
delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its
shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth
in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled
vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the
transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not
be redeemed. 

27 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public stockholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an
initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 12, 2023, (b) which adversely affects the rights of holders of
our Class A common stock, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition,
if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by August 12, 2023 for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require
that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in
our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any
kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially
at a loss. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
securities are currently listed on Nasdaq. However, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in
the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business
combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in
stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 round-lot holders).
Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s
initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain
the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and
our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We may not be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity for our securities; 

a
determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock
to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our
securities; 

a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

28 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Units, Class A common stock and warrants
are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow
the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states
can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to
prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities
regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of
securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered
securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an
initial business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the Commission
to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections
of those rules. Among other things, this means that we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do
companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release
of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in
connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 10 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the
ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 10 of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 10 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination.
Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could
suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue
to hold that number of shares exceeding 10 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market
transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

We
have encountered and expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including
private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and
international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established
and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing
services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry
knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While
we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that
are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing
the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock
which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may
reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may
be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 

29 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As
a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are
insufficient to allow us to operate until August 12, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case
our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until August 12, 2023, assuming that
our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account
are sufficient to allow us to operate until August 12, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds
available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target
business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters
of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable
to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are
insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business
combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our
franchise and income taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable
to complete our initial business combination. 

As
of December 31, 2022, a total of 2,114,064 is available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If
we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to
operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from
funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our
sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against
any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds
available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only
receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 

30 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface
all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues
through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later
arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Although these
charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could
contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net
worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of
care or other fiduciary duty owed to such stockholders, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the tender offer materials or proxy statement related to our initial business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of
a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that
were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold
to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our
initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for
such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations. Therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

31 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 

While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for
example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if
the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these
indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced
below 10.00 per share. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be
exposed to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be
reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

We depend on a variety of U.S. and multi-national financial institutions to provide us with banking services. The default or failure of
one or more financial institutions that we rely on may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We depend on a variety of U.S. and multi-national financial institutions to provide us with banking services, and our deposits at certain
of these institutions exceed insured limits. Market conditions can impact the viability of these institutions. In the event of a failure
of any of the financial institutions that we depend on, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a
timely manner or at all. Any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could adversely affect our liquidity, business and
financial condition. 

32 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
as an investment company; 

adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares
properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by August 12, 2023, or (b) which adversely affects the rights of holders of our Class A common stock; or (iii) absent a business combination,
our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do
not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
expire worthless. 

33 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results
of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those
changes, or our failure to comply with such applicable laws and regulations as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions
involving SPACs and private operating companies and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination
transactions. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the costs and time required
to negotiate and complete an initial business combination and could potentially impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S.
domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1,
2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased, and thus
could cause a reduction in the value of our Class A common stock. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value
of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any
share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, the exercise
of a redemption right, the liquidation of our company or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would
be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, the exercise of a redemption right, the liquidation of our company
or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the business combination or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE 
or other equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination
but issued within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of
the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination
and in our ability to complete a business combination. Further, the application of the excise tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain. 

34 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by August 12, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
public shares as soon as reasonably possible following August 12, 2023 in the event we do not complete our business combination and,
therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations
will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors
(such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred
after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially
brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them
(but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination by August 12, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could
then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the
opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent
in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

35 

Holders
of Class A common stock will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders
of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion
of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any
reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the founder shares and the private placement warrants held by them and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants.
We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for
trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of
the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders
or holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely
affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose
any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our
management and our audit committee also concluded that it was appropriate to restate the unaudited interim financial statements included
in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021 and restate the audited balance
sheet as of August 12, 2021 included in Amendment No. 1 to our Form 8-K originally filed on August 18, 2021. 

As
described elsewhere in this Report, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to
the Company s application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to its accounting classification of the public shares. As a result of this material
weakness, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022.
The Company had previously classified a portion of its Class A common stock in permanent equity, or total stockholders equity.
Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter currently provides that the Company will not redeem
its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Previously, the Company did not consider
redeemable stock classified as temporary equity as part of net tangible assets. Pursuant to the Company s re-evaluation of the
Company s application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to its accounting classification of its Class A common stock subject to possible redemption,
the Company s management has determined that the Class A common stock include certain provisions that require classification of
all of the Class A common stock as temporary equity regardless of the net tangible assets redemption limitation contained in the charter.
For a discussion of management s consideration of the material weakness identified related to the Company s application of
ASC 480-10-S99-3A to its accounting classification of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, see Part II, Item
9A: Controls and Procedures included in this Report. 

36 

To
respond to this material weakness, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation
and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable
accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex
accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature,
research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding
complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance
that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Any
failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations
on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our
operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result
a material adverse effect on our business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements
on Form S-3 or Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue
shares to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We
can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified
or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement
and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful
in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify
irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

Because
we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

Although
we expect to focus our search for a target business in the consumer sector, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating
company in any industry or sector. However, we are not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted to effectuate
our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet entered
into a definitive agreement with any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the
possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial
condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or
a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time
to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or
reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities
will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination
target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in
the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

37 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately
prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in
a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise,
our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained herein
regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire.
As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders
who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of
our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings,
which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These
risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. 

Unless
we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If
no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value
based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents
or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

38 

We
may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan
after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class
B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value 0.0001 per share. There are currently 464,300,000 and 41,075,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class
B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for
issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common
stock, which amount is not currently determinable. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common
stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth
herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial
business combination. Shares of Class B common stock are also convertible at the option of the holder at any time. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including
pursuant to a specified future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. The
number of authorized shares of the Class A common stock or preferred stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of
shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of the corporation
entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto), and no
vote of the holders of any of the Class A common stock or the preferred stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor,
unless a vote of any such holder is required pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including any certificate
of designation relating to any series of preferred stock). The holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote as a separate class
to increase the authorized number of shares of Class B common stock. 

We
may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time
of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial
business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
 and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

39 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel
in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business
in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the
target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the
requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become
familiar with such requirements. 

In
addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The
departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be
ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain
associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of
an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have
conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate
employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with
the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the
ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in
our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of
our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain
with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business combination,
will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors. 

40 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company,
which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Risks
Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several
other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any
specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our officers and directors are employed by Centerview Capital
Consumer, which is an investment manager to various private investment funds, which make investments in securities or other interests
of or relating to companies in industries we may target for our initial business combination. Certain of our officers serve as directors
of Simply Good Foods and Advantage. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please
see Part III, Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Part III, Item 13 Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we will continue to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more
businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a
similar business. In fact, we expect that members of our management team and our board, as well as Centerview Capital and Centerview
Partners, are likely to sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies during the period in which we are seeking an initial
business combination. As a result, all of the entities described in Part III, Item 13 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance, and Part III, Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, as
well as any future blank check company that members of our management team, our board and/or Centerview Capital, may be affiliated with,
may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. 

41 

Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other
entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. 

Accordingly,
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to
any of our directors or officers unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. Accordingly, if any of our executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for any of the above entities, or any blank check company our executive officers or directors may be affiliated with
in the future, and to which he or she has current or future fiduciary or contractual obligations, and such opportunity was not presented
to such individual solely in their capacity as a director or officer of our company, we would expect that he or she will honor his or
her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if
such entity rejects the opportunity. Conversely, if such individual was presented an opportunity solely in their capacity as a director
or officer of our company, and our company is legally and contractually permitted to undertake, and it would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, such opportunity, we would expect he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such
business combination opportunity to our company and only present it to such other entities for which he or she has fiduciary or contractual
obligations if we reject the opportunity. Finally, if such individual was presented or made aware of a business combination opportunity
not in their capacity as a director or officer of our company or any other entity to which they have fiduciary or contractual obligations,
such individual would have discretion as to which entity it would present such business combination opportunity. 

For
a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that
you should be aware of, please see Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors
or officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one
or more affiliates of Centerview Capital and/or one or more investors in funds managed by Centerview Capital. We do not have a policy
that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly,
such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

In
particular, Centerview Capital Consumer is focused on investments in the consumer sector. As a result, there may be substantial overlap
between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other
affiliates. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including,
without limitation, those described under Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. .
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware
of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there
have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we are not specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such
affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Item 1 Business - Selection of a Target Business
and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors.
Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent
accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic
or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist
and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent
any conflicts of interest. 

42 

We
may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of Centerview Capital and/or one or
more investors in funds managed by Centerview Capital. This may result in conflicts of interest as well as dilutive issuances of our
securities. 

We
may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity affiliated with Centerview Capital and/or one or
more investors in funds managed by Centerview Capital. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our
initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance
to any such parties. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

In
addition, any specified future issuance in connection with an Affiliated Joint Acquisition would trigger the anti-dilution provisions
of our Class B common stock, which, unless waived, would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio of our Class B common stock
such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 
of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock currently outstanding plus all shares issued in the specified future issuances.
If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common
stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. 

Since
our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, and because
our sponsor, officers and directors who have an interest in founder shares may profit substantially from a business combination even
under circumstances where our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest
may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

In
March 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,062,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.002 per share. In June 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Mses. Herman and Karch and Messrs. Kash and
Klein, our independent directors. With partial exercise of the over-allotment option on August 24, 2021 and subsequent expiration of
the over-allotment option on September 23, 2021, 8,925,000 founder shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 with 1,137,500 founder
shares forfeited. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent
20 of the outstanding shares after our initial public offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial
business combination. In addition, simultaneously with our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,666,667 private
placement warrants for a purchase price of 10,000,000, or 1.50 per whole warrant, and, simultaneously with the partial exercise of
the over-allotment option on August 24, 2021, purchased 93,333 additional private placement warrants for a purchase price of 140,000,
or 1.50 per whole warrant, resulting in a total of 6,760,000 private placement warrants owned by our sponsor, each exercisable for one
share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Holders
of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem
any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain
loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and
directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 

43 

The
personal and financial interests of the holders of our founder shares and our officers and directors may influence their motivation in
identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of
the business following the initial business combination and may result in a misalignment of interests between the holders of our founder
shares and our officers and directors, on the one hand, and our public stockholders, on the other. In particular, because the founder
shares were purchased at approximately 0.002 per share, the holders of our founder shares (including members of our management team
that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could make a substantial profit after our initial business combination even if our public
stockholders lose money on their investment as a result of a decrease in the post-combination value of their shares of Class A common
stock (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business combination).
For example, a holder of 1,000 founder shares would have paid approximately 2.00 to obtain such shares. At the time of an initial business
combination, such holder would be able to convert such founder shares into 1,000 shares of our Class A common stock, and would receive
the same consideration in connection with our initial business combination as a public stockholder for the same number of shares of our
Class A common stock. If the value of the shares of our Class A common stock on a post-combination basis (after accounting for any adjustments
in connection with an exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business combination) were to decrease to 5.00 per share of
our Class A common stock, the holder of our founder shares would obtain a profit of approximately 4,998 on account of the 1,000 founder
shares that the holder had converted into shares of Class A common stock in connection with the initial business combination. By contrast,
a public stockholder holding 1,000 shares of Class A common stock would lose approximately 5,000.00 in connection with the same transaction. 

Further,
each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the
retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt,
we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness
unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; 

44 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to
 pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate
 purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Of
the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, 347,006,908 is available to complete
our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes up to 12,495,000 for the payment of deferred underwriting
commissions). 

We
may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short
period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various
factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements
with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on
a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us
to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from
the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business
combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we focus our search for an initial business
combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a
substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 

45 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition,
very little public information exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

We
may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than
100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not
consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event
will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of
our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result,
we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the
transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements
to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to
us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will
be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

46 

The
exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the
warrants are more likely to expire worthless. 

The
exercise price of the public warrants is higher than is typical in many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the
exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the Units in the initial public offering. The exercise
price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely
to expire worthless. 

In
order to effectuate our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders may not
support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and modified governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased
redemption thresholds and changed industry focus. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments
or change our industry focus in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding
provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of a majority
of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore,
to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business
combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s
stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions sometimes requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s
public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business
combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants
into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of a majority of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding
provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of a majority
of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended
by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable
stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own up to 20 of our common stock, will participate in
any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in
any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability
to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 12, 2023, or which adversely affects the rights of holders of
our Class A common stock, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered
into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements
and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

47 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are sufficient to allow
us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet entered into a definitive agreement with any prospective target
business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination,
the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number
of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions
to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon
the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the
extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled
to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share
plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our working capital
requirements (up to 1,000,000 in the aggregate) as well as franchise and income taxes on the liquidation of our trust account and our
warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may
require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have
a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
support. 

Our
initial stockholders own shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a
substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase
any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our
Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided
into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each
year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in
which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is
an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will
be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding
the outcome. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least
until the completion of our business combination. 

48 

The
value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal
price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our sponsor has invested an aggregate of 10,165,000 in us, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder
shares and the 10,140,000 purchase price for the private placement warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation
of our initial business combination, the 8,925,000 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 89,250,000. Even if the trading
price of our common shares were as low as 1.15 per share, and the private placement warrants are worthless, the value of the founder
shares would be equal to the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our sponsor is likely to be able to make a substantial
profit on its investment in us at a time when our public shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management team, members
of which own interests in our sponsor, may be more willing to pursue a business combination with a riskier or less-established target
business than would be the case if our sponsor had paid the same per share price for the founder shares as our public stockholders paid
for their public shares. 

The
nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public
shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We
are offered our Units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit and the amount in our trust account is 10.00 per public share, implying
an initial value of 10.00 per public share. However, prior to the initial public offering, our sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.002 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly
diluted upon the consummation of our initial business combination, when the founder shares are converted into public shares. For example,
the following table shows the dilutive effect of the founder shares on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of
our initial business combination assuming that our equity value at that time is 357,000,000, which is the amount we have for our initial
business combination in the trust account as of December 31, 2022, no interest is earned on the funds held in the trust account, and
no public shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination, and without taking into account any other potential
impacts on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our public shares, the business combination transaction costs (including
payment of 12,495,000 of deferred underwriting commissions), any equity issued or cash paid to the target s sellers or other third
parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management and prospects, as well as the value of
our public and private warrants. At such valuation, each of our common shares would have an implied value of 8.00 per share upon consummation
of our initial business combination, which is a 20 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.00. 

Public shares 
 35,700,000 
 
 Founder shares 
 8,925,000 
 
 Total shares 
 44,625,000 
 
 Total funds in trust available for initial business combination 
 357,000,000 
 
 Initial implied value per public share 
 10.00 
 
 Implied value per share upon consummation of initial business combination 
 8.00 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could
be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without
your approval. 

Our
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any warrant holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants (which may include public warrants acquired by our sponsor or its affiliates in our initial public offering or thereafter
in the open market) to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the
terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants
approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of
the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the
exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable
upon exercise of a warrant. 

49 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of
 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any
20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such
redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption
of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be
disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your
warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely
to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long
as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to
effectuate our business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 11,900,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the Units sold in our initial public offering and partial
exercise of the over-allotment option and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and partial exercise of the
over-allotment option, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,760,000 shares of Class A common stock
at 11.50 per share. Prior to our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,062,500 founder shares in a private
placement (1,137,500 founder shares have been forfeited following the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option).
The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein.
In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price
of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to
exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

To
the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive
acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A
common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants
and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The
private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in our initial public offering except that, so long
as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold
by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders
on a cashless basis. 

Our
private placement warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair
value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock or may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have accounted for the 6,760,000 private placement warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC
815-40. Such guidance provides that because the private placement warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder,
each private placement warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we have classified each of the private placement warrants
as a liability at its fair value as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third-party valuation
firm. At each reporting period (1) the accounting treatment of the private placement warrants is re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment
as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of the private placement warrants is remeasured and the change in the
fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our income statement. Changes in the inputs and assumptions
for the valuation model we use to determine the fair value of such liability may have a material impact on the estimated fair value of
the embedded derivative liability. The share price of our Class A common stock represents the primary underlying variable that impacts
the value of the derivative instruments. Additional factors that impact the value of the derivative instruments include the volatility
of our stock price, discount rates and stated interest rates. As a result, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations
will fluctuate quarterly, based on various factors, such as the share price of our Class A common stock, many of which are outside of
our control. In addition, we may change the underlying assumptions used in our valuation model, which could in result in significant
fluctuations in our results of operations. If our stock price is volatile, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses
on our private placement warrants or any other similar derivative instruments each reporting period and that the amount of such gains
or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class
A common stock. 

50 

Any
due diligence in connection with an initial business combination may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target
business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
intend to conduct such due diligence as we deem reasonably practicable and appropriate based on the target business and the facts and
circumstances applicable to the proposed transaction prior to any initial business combination. The objective of the due diligence process
will be to identify material issues which might affect the decision to proceed with an initial business combination or the consideration
payable in connection with such initial business combination. We also intend to use information provided during the due diligence process
to formulate our business and operational planning for, and valuation of, any target company or business. While conducting due diligence
and assessing a potential target business, we will rely on publicly available information (if any), information provided by the relevant
target business to the extent provided and, in some circumstances, third-party studies. 

The
due diligence undertaken with respect to a potential initial business combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary
to evaluate such transaction or to formulate a business strategy. Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not
be adequate or accurate. As part of the due diligence process, we will also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations,
financial condition and prospects of a potential initial business combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Due
diligence conducted in connection with an initial business combination may not result in the initial business combination being successful.
If the due diligence investigation fails to identify material information regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks
to be commercially acceptable relative to the opportunity, and we proceed with an initial business combination, our company may subsequently
incur substantial impairment charges or other losses. In addition, following an initial business combination, we may be subject to significant,
previously undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business that were not identified during due diligence and which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Because
each Unit contains one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other
blank check companies. 

Each
Unit contains one-third of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number
of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose Units
include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this
way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable
in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to Units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus
making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units
to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

51 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance
with these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming
or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s
attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need
to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and
expenses. 

A
market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions.
Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable
to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), or PCAOB. These financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP in connection with
our current report on Form 8-K announcing the closing our initial business combination within four business days following such closing.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which
case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find
our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result
of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

52 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of shares of our Class
A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year or the market value of shares of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial
statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Members
of our management team and our board of directors and their respective affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be,
involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. 

Members
of our management team and our board of directors have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead
to, media coverage and public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and our board of directors and
their respective affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations
unrelated to our business. Any such proceedings or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our
ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

We
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which approximates the per-share amounts
in our trust account at such time or at a price lower than that amount. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE
transactions) at a price which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time or at a price lower than that amount.
The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price
of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

53 

Since
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors, the Nasdaq considers us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Until
the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors.
As a result, Nasdaq considers us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards.
Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or
another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including
the requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined
 under the rules of Nasdaq; and 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors
 with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We
do not currently utilize these exemptions and intend to continue complying with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. However,
if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders
of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting beginning
with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on
us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be
in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal
control over financial reporting of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs
necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders
may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors
to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

54 

We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions
may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over
prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive
forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders 
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any
(1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed
by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any
such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director, officer or employee of our company arising pursuant
to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim
against us or any director, officer or employee of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1)
through (4) above, any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
within ten days following such determination), (b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court
of Chancery, or (c) arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the
federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any
other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which
is within the scope the forum provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign
action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce
the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such
enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with our company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to
find this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more
of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of
the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be
subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be
subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
following: 

higher
 costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying
 with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

55 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States; and 

government
 appropriations of assets. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely
impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may face risks related to consumer sector companies. 

Business
combinations with companies in the consumer sector entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business
combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

An
 inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents
 having substantially greater resources; 

An
 inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

An
 inability to build strong brand identity and improve customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

Limitations
 on a target business ability to protect its intellectual property rights, including
 its trade secrets, that could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage; 

The
 high cost or unavailability of materials, equipment, supplies and personnel that could adversely
 affect our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis; 

An
 inability to attract and retain customers; 

56 

An
 inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

Seasonality
 and weather conditions that may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter; 

An
 inability by us to successfully anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends
 and manage our product line and inventory commensurate with customer demand; 

Potential
 liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the
 nature and content of materials that we may distribute; 

Dependence
 of our operations upon third-party suppliers whose failure to perform adequately could disrupt
 our business; 

Our
 operating results may be adversely affected by changes in the cost or availability of raw
 materials and energy; 

We
 may be subject to production-related risks which could jeopardize our ability to realize
 anticipated sales and profits; 

Changes
 in the retail industry and markets for consumer products affecting our customers or retailing
 practices could negatively impact customer relationships and our results of operations; and 

Our
 business could involve the potential for product recalls, product liability and other claims
 against us, which could affect our earnings and financial condition. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to the consumer sector. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry,
these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate
or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our executive office is located at 999
Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 601, Naples, FL 34108. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our sponsor. Commencing
on the date our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

57 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
Units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols CPAAU, CPAA and
 CPAAW , respectively. Our Units commenced public trading on August 10, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced
public trading on September 9, 2021. 

(b)
Holders 

On
December 31, 2022, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, five holders of record
of our Class B common stock, one holder of record of our public warrants and one holder of record of our private placement warrants. 

(c)
Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

(e)
Performance Graph 

Not
applicable. 

(f)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

On
March 29, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share, on behalf of the Company in exchange for a capital contribution
and in consideration of 10,062,500 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Such securities were issued in connection
with the Company s organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). With partial exercise of the over-allotment option on August 24, 2021 and subsequent
expiration of the over-allotment option on September 23, 2021, 8,925,000 founder shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 with
1,137,500 founder shares forfeited. 

As
previously reported on the Form 8-K, on August 12, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, the Company
consummated the private placement of 6,666,667 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating
gross proceeds of 10,000,000. On August 24, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the additional over-allotment Units, the Company consummated
the sale of an additional 93,333 private placement warrants at 1.50 per additional private placement warrant, generating additional
gross proceeds of 140,000. 

No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such unregistered sales. 

58 

Use
of Proceeds 

In
connection with the initial public offering we incurred offering costs of approximately 20 million (including underwriting commissions
of approximately 7 million and deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 12 million). Additionally, in connection with the
underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company incurred 140,000 in cash underwriting fees and 245,000 in deferred
underwriting fees. Other incurred offering costs consisted principally preparation fees related to the initial public offering. After
deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation
of the initial business combination, if consummated) and the initial public offering expenses, 357 million of the net proceeds from
our initial public offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per Unit
sold in the initial public offering) was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain proceeds
from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Report. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement as is described
in the Company s final prospectus related to the initial public offering and subsequent filings with the Commission. 

(g)
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report, including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
detailed in our filings with the Commission. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on January 7, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private
placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, our capital stock, debt or a
combination of cash, stock and debt. 

59 

The
issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which
 dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted
 in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon
 conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to
 pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate
 purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other
 purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the Company had 2,114,064 in cash. The Company considers all
short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have
any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans.
We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

60 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity from inception through December 31, 2022, consisted of formation and preparation for our initial public offering and since
our public offering, the search for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination, and as such, we had no
operations and no significant operating expenses. Subsequent to the closing of our initial public offering on August 12, 2021, our normal
operating costs included costs associated with our search for the business combination, costs associated with our governance and public
reporting, state franchise taxes and charges of 10,000 per month from our sponsor for administrative services. 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 7.9 million, which consisted of approximately 6.0 million
of non-operating gain resulting from the change in fair value of warrant liability and approximately 4.1 million of income from interest
in operating account and marketable securities held in Trust Account, offset by approximately 1.1 million in general and administrative
costs and 955,000 in income tax expense. 

For
the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 2.5 million, which consisted
of approximately 2.9 million of non-operating gain resulting from the change in fair value of warrant liability and approximately 7,000
of income from interest in operating account and marketable securities held in Trust Account, offset by approximately 339,000 in general
and administrative costs and approximately 18,000 in offering costs associated with warrant liability. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 2.1 million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately 1.3
million. 

The
Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of the initial public offering through receipt of a 25,000
capital contribution from the sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to the sponsor and the advancement of funds
by the sponsor under the promissory note (see Note 4) to cover the Company s expenses in connection with the initial public offering.
As of December 31, 2022, no amounts remained outstanding under the promissory note. Subsequent to the consummation of the initial public
offering and private placement, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied from the proceeds from the consummation of the
private placement not held in the trust account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination,
the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
the Company working capital loans (see Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any working
capital loan. 

Pursuant
to the trust agreement dated as of August 9, 2021 between the Company and CST, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has withdrawn a total
of 1,560,801 of interest income from the Trust Account to satisfy franchise and income tax obligations and working capital needs. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 12, 2023. The financial statements do not include
any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management plans to complete a business
combination prior to the mandatory liquidation. 

61 

Contractual
Obligations 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the initial public offering to purchase up
to 5,250,000 over-allotment Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts
and commissions. On August 24, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option for 700,000 over-allotment units. 

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 2 of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering, or 7,140,000 in the
aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the initial public offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition,
the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering, or 12,495,000 in the aggregate
in connection with the closing of the initial public offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Commencing
on the effective date of the initial public offering, the Company agreed to pay the sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 120,000 and 50,000, respectively,
in expenses in connection with such services as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial
instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Marketable
Securities Held in Trust Account 

Our
portfolio of investments held in trust account are comprised solely of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, classified as trading securities. Trading securities are
presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair
value of these securities is included in income on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest, held in trust account in our statements
of operations. The fair value for trading securities is determined using quoted market prices in active markets. 

Warrant
Liability 

The
Company accounts for the private placement warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides
that because the private placement warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each private placement warrant
must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company will classify each private placement warrant as a liability at its fair
value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the private placement
warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value of warrant liability recognized in the
Company s statements of operations. 

62 

The
private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants underlying the Units sold in the initial public offering, except that
the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally,
the private placement warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and non-redeemable so long as they are held by the sponsor or
such its permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by someone other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees,
the private placement warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 

Class
A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

The
Company accounts for its Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A common stock subject to mandatory
redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common
stock that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of common
stock are classified as stockholders equity. The Company s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022,
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section
of the Company s balance sheets. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to
equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income Per Share of common stock 

The
Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared
pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods. The Company has not considered the effect of the outstanding Public
Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 18,660,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock
in the calculation of diluted income per share because their exercise is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. Accretion
associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards
Board s FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements, equal or approximate the carrying amounts represented
in the balance sheet primarily due to their short-term nature, except for the warrant liability. 

Fair
Value Measurements 

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value. 

63 

The
hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements)
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: 

Level
 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active
 markets; 

Level
 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly
 or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and 

Level
 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring
 an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques
 in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

In
some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In
those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt debt with Conversion and
Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting
for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting
for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement
conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted
earnings per share calculation in certain areas. For smaller reporting companies, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s management is
currently evaluating the new guidance, but does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

The
Company s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently
adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected
not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

64 

This
may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference
is made to Pages F-1 through F-20 comprising a portion of this Report. 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended December
31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the evaluation date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective as of December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain
complex equity and equity-linked instruments issued by the Company was not effectively designed or maintained. This material weakness
resulted in restatement of our unaudited interim financial statements included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2021 and restatement of our audited balance sheet as of August 12, 2021 included in Amendment No. 1 to our
Form 8-K originally filed on August 18, 2021. Additionally, this material weakness could result in a misstatement of the warrant liability,
shares of Class A common stock and related accounts and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of the financial statements
that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

65 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Commission for newly public
companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.) In light of the material weakness which resulted in in a restatement of our unaudited interim financial
statements included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021 and restatement of our audited
balance sheet as of August 12, 2021 included in Amendment No. 1 to our Form 8-K originally filed on August 18, 2021, we plan to enhance
our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of
the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to
accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals
with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time,
and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

66 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 

Age 
 
 Title 
 
 David
 J. West 
 
 60 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Brian
 K. Ratzan 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Max
 Papkov 
 
 36 
 
 Vice
 President of Strategy and Director 
 
 Carol
 Herman 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Nancy
 Karch 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Arvin
 Kash 
 
 80 
 
 Director 
 
 Peter
 Klein 
 
 77 
 
 Director 

David
J. West has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. West is an established leader
in the consumer industry, with over 30 years of experience leading a range of companies and well-known brands. Mr. West served as Chief
Executive Officer and President of Big Heart Pet Brands (formerly Del Monte Foods) from 2011 to 2015. Mr. West worked closely with Mr.
Kilts during this time period, as Mr. Kilts was Chairman of the Board of Big Heart Pet Brands. Mr. West repositioned the business to
focus on growth and innovation, enhance distribution and develop a marketing culture to focus on brands and products. The J. M. Smucker
Company purchased Big Heart Pet Brands in March 2015. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer of Big Heart Pet Brands, Mr. West
oversaw the creation of approximately 2 billion of equity value for investors. Prior to joining Big Heart Pet Brands, Mr. West served
as the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of The Hershey Company, or Hershey, from 2007 to 2011. Under Mr. West s
leadership, Hershey experienced net sales and profit growth and strong shareholder returns, and was recognized as one of the World s
100 Most Innovative Companies by Forbes Magazine in 2011. The success created by Mr. West s leadership at Hershey led to more than
 5 billion of equity value creation for shareholders during his tenure. Hershey s share price appreciated 68 during this time
period, while the S P 500 was flat. Prior to joining Hershey in 2001, Mr. West spent 14 years with Nabisco, where he worked closely
with Mr. Kilts during Mr. Kilts tenure as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. West currently serves as Vice-Chairman of the Board of
Directors of The Simply Good Foods Company and has been a member of the board since 2017. Mr. West has served as a Director of Advantage
Solutions, Inc. since 2020. We believe Mr. West s deep consumer industry background, coupled with broad operational and transactional
experience, make him well qualified to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

Brian
K. Ratzan has served as our Chief Financial Officer and a Director since 2021. Mr. Ratzan has over 25 years of private equity investing
experience and SPAC investing experience, investing in a variety of businesses and brands. Mr. Ratzan has served as a Partner at Centerview
Capital Consumer since 2014. Previously, Mr. Ratzan was Partner and Head of U.S. Private Equity at Pamplona Capital Management from 2012
to 2014. Prior to joining Pamplona, he was Managing Director and Head of Consumer at Vestar Capital Partners, which he joined in 1998.
Mr. Ratzan also previously worked in the Investment Banking Group at Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette. Over the course of his investing
career, Mr. Ratzan has been intricately involved in numerous consumer-oriented companies, including The Simply Good Foods Company, Advantage
Solutions, Del Monte Foods, The Sun Products Corporation (formerly known as Huish Detergents, Inc.) and Birds Eye Foods, Inc. Mr. Ratzan
holds a bachelor s degree in economics from the University of Michigan, where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, and a Master of
Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School. Mr. Ratzan has served as a Director of The Simply Good Foods Company since
2017 and of Advantage Solutions, Inc. since 2020. We believe Mr. Ratzan s extensive investment management and transactional experience
make him well qualified to serve as a Director. 

67 

Max Papkov has served as our Vice President
of Strategy and as a Director since 2021. Mr. Papkov has nearly 15 years of private equity investing, SPAC investing and investment banking
experience. Mr. Papkov is a Partner at Centerview Capital Consumer, which he joined in 2011. Prior to joining Centerview Capital Consumer,
Mr. Papkov was a member of the Centerview Partners investment banking team from 2009 to 2011. Earlier in his career, Mr. Papkov was also
a member of the mergers and acquisitions group of Merrill Lynch. Over the course of his investing career, Mr. Papkov has been intricately
involved in numerous consumer-oriented companies, including The Simply Good Foods Company, Advantage Solutions, Big Heart Pet Brands,
Del Monte Foods, Richelieu Foods, Ole Smoky Tennessee Moonshine and The Nielsen Company. Mr. Papkov received a B.S. in Finance from Rutgers
University. We believe Mr. Papkov s extensive investment management and transactional experience make him well qualified to serve
as a Director. 

Carol
Herman has served as a Director of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp. since our initial public offering. Ms. Herman is a consumer
products advertising and marketing specialist and is a Principal of The Acme Idea Company, a strategic and creative consultancy she co-founded
in 1998. Over the course of Ms. Herman s marketing career, she has been intricately involved in brand-building for many top consumer
marketing companies, including Procter and Gamble, Kraft Foods, Duracell, Gillette, Tempur-Pedic, Johnson Johnson, White Wave Foods
and The Simply Good Foods Company. At Acme, she also directed the launch of eBay, developing its brand positioning and creative identity
which continue to be the foundation of the brand today. Prior to founding Acme, Ms. Herman was an Executive Vice-President at Grey Advertising,
where she led the Kraft and Playskool businesses. Ms. Herman graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Pennsylvania with a B.A.
in Sociology. We believe Ms. Herman s extensive marketing and brand management experience as well as her broad network make her
well qualified to serve as a Director. 

Nancy
Karch has served as a Director of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp. since our initial public offering. Ms. Karch is a former Senior
Partner of the international consulting firm, McKinsey Company. In her 26 years with McKinsey, she held several leadership positions,
including Managing Partner of the Retail and Consumer Industries Sector and Managing Partner of McKinsey Southeast United States. In
her latter capacity, she had full P L responsibility for all of McKinsey s consulting activities in the Atlanta, Charlotte
and Miami offices, and management oversight of approximately 300 staff in these locations. Her clients included leading retailing, food,
consumer packed goods, hospitality and foodservice companies. For most of her partnership years, Ms. Karch was the most senior woman
at McKinsey, and in the history of McKinsey at that time. Ms. Karch has previously served on the boards of Nabisco, Toys R Us,
Gillette, Kate Spade, CEB, Genworth Financial, Kimberly-Clark, Mastercard and Northern Westchester Hospital. She currently serves on
the boards of the SPCA of Westchester, Westchester Land Trust and St. Mary s Children s Hospital, and is on the advisory
board of Northwell Health, New York state s largest health system. Ms. Karch received a B.A. in mathematics from Cornell University,
an M.S. in mathematics from Northeastern University and a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe Ms. Karch s extensive
operational and board experience make her well qualified to serve as a Director. 

Arvin
 Rick Kash has served as a Director of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp. since our initial public offering. Mr. Kash
served as Vice Chairperson of Nielsen Holdings Plc (or its predecessor) from January 2011 to January 2017. Mr. Kash is the founder of
The Cambridge Group, a growth strategy consulting firm, which became a subsidiary of Nielsen in March 2009. He served as its Chairman
from December 2010 until December 2011 and prior to that was its Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kash is a director of IRI (Information
Resources, Inc.), Genus Oncology and Blue Moose of Boulder. He is a graduate of DePaul University, where he was also received a Doctor
of Humane Letters degree. We believe Mr. Kash s extensive operational and board experience make him well qualified to serve as
a Director. 

68 

Peter
Klein has served as a Director of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp. since our initial public offering. Mr. Klein founded PK Associates,
a consumer products focused growth management consultancy, in 2005. From March 2001 through September 2005, Mr. Klein was Senior Vice
President and Corporate Officer of The Gillette Company, responsible for Strategy, Planning, Business Development and Global Marketing
Resources. Mr. Klein was actively involved in acquisitions and divestitures, new products, functional excellence, strategic sourcing,
the sale of Gillette to Procter Gamble and integration planning. Previously, Mr. Klein was Executive Vice President and Corporate
Officer of Strategy, Business Development, Marketing Services and Global e-Business at Nabisco Holdings Corp. from January 1998 through
December 2000, and departed Nabisco following Nabisco s public auction and sale to Phillip Morris/Kraft Foods in December 2000.
Mr. Klein joined Nabisco Foods from The Cambridge Group, where he served for seven years as Partner and Managing Director of its east
coast office, which he opened in 1991. Prior to joining The Cambridge Group, Mr. Klein was a senior partner for ten years at Marketing
Corporation of America, where he led the consumer products management consulting practice. Before consulting, Mr. Klein worked in line
sales, marketing and business development at Sterling Drug from 1978 to 1981 (Vice President, Business Development), The Gillette Company
from 1972 to 1978 (Director of Marketing Sales for Braun North America and Group Marketing Manager in Personal Care), and Johnson
 Johnson from 1971 to 1972 (Consumer Trade Promotion and Marketing). Mr. Klein is on the Board of Selectors of the Multiplying Good/Jefferson
Awards Foundation, on the marketing advisory board at Syracuse University s Whitman School of Management, on the advisory board
of Centerview Capital Consumer, and is Non-Executive Chairman of Vision For and From Children. Mr. Klein received a B.S. in Marketing
 Finance from Syracuse University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe Mr. Klein s broad operational, marketing,
and transactional experience make him well qualified to serve as a Director. 

Significant
Special Advisors 

As
of the date of this Report, our significant special advisors are as follows: 

Name 

Age 
 
 Title 
 
 James
 M. Kilts 
 
 74 
 
 Special
 Advisor to the Board 

James
M. Kilts has served as a Special Advisor to the Board since 2023. Mr. Kilts is a renowned leader in the consumer industry, with over
40 years of experience leading a range of companies and iconic brands. Mr. Kilts served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
Officer and President of The Gillette Company, or Gillette, from 2001 until it merged with The Procter Gamble Company in 2005;
at that time he became Vice Chairman of the Board of The Procter Gamble Company. Before Mr. Kilts joined Gillette, the company s
sales had been flat for four years, and it had missed earnings estimates for 14 consecutive quarters. Mr. Kilts took steps to rebuild
the management team, cut costs and reinvest the savings in innovation and marketing. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer, Mr.
Kilts oversaw the creation of approximately 30 billion in equity value for Gillette s public shareholders, with Gillette s
share price appreciating 110 while the S P 500 declined 3 over the same time period. Under Mr. Kilts leadership, Gillette
rejoined the top ranks of consumer products companies as sales increased an average of 9 each year. The Harvard Business Review cited
Mr. Kilts leadership as the driving force behind Gillette s turnaround. Prior to Gillette, Mr. Kilts served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of The Nabisco Company, or Nabisco, from 1998 until its acquisition by The Philip Morris Companies in 2000.
Before joining Nabisco, Mr. Kilts was an Executive Vice President of The Philip Morris Companies from 1994 to 1997 and headed the Worldwide
Food group. In that role, Mr. Kilts was responsible for integrating Kraft and General Foods and for shaping the group s domestic
and international strategy. Mr. Kilts had previously served as President of Kraft USA and Oscar Mayer. More recently, Mr. Kilts served
as Chairman of the Board of Nielsen Holdings PLC from 2011 to 2014 while it was under private ownership. During this time Mr. Kilts worked
closely with management to defend key existing customers and win new business. During their investment period, the investor group s
equity value creation was nearly 7 billion. Mr. Kilts currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of The Simply Good Foods
Company and has been a member of the board since 2017. Mr. Kilts has served as a Director of Advantage Solutions since 2014, Unifi Inc.
since 2016 and Viatris, Inc. since 2020. 

69 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Peter Klein and Carol Herman, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Arvin Kash and Nancy Karch, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Papkov, West and Ratzan, will expire at the third annual meeting
of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon
consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Herman, Ms. Karch, Mr. Kash and Mr.
Klein are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Peter
Klein, Arvin Kash and Nancy Karch serve as members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules,
we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. 

70 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Nancy Karch qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules, and will chair the audit committee. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting
 firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public
 accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
 pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships they
 have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public
 accounting firm; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
 firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
 review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry
 or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to
 deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

Carol
Herman, Peter Klein and Arvin Kash serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Carol Herman,
Peter Klein and Arvin Kash are independent. Arvin Kash will chair the compensation committee. 

71 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy
 statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee payable to an affiliate of our sponsor and reimbursement
of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders,
officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation
of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation
committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection
with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq Rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors
can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing
nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

72 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers and directors. Copies of our code of ethics, our audit committee charter and
our compensation committee charter are available on our website at https://conyers-park.com/. In addition, a copy of the code of ethics
will be provided without charge upon request to us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code
of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. 

In
addition, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition (as defined below) opportunity with an entity to which an officer
or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our
initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance
to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

In
addition to the above, some of our executive officers have fiduciary or contractual duties to Simply Good Foods, Advantage, Centerview
Capital Consumer and/or to certain companies in which Centerview Capital Consumer has invested. As a result, some of our officers may
have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities to certain parties before we can pursue such opportunities. Our executive officers are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities. However, we do not expect either potential conflicts of interest or the time taken by our management
team s other duties to present a significant constraint in our ability to identify, diligence and execute potential business combinations.
Moreover, some of our executive officers have time and attention requirements for private investment funds of which affiliates of Centerview
Capital Consumer are the investment managers. 

In
addition to the entities for which members of our management team and our board have current fiduciary or contractual obligations, we
expect that members of our management team and our board, as well as Centerview Capital and Centerview Partners, are likely to sponsor,
form or participate in other blank check companies during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result,
all of the entities for which members of our management team and our board have current fiduciary or contractual obligations, as well
as any future blank check company that members of our management team, our board and/or Centerview Capital, may be affiliated with, may
compete with us for acquisition opportunities. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

73 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and,
 accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
 activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware
 of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us
 as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
 of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
 shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial
 business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption
 rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial
 business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering. If
 we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the
 proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be
 used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will
 expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable,
 assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our
 initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
 the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
 for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
 business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital
 stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders
 having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
 With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock
 underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor
 or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
 Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock
 and warrants following our initial public offering, our officers and directors may have a
 conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
 business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

Our
 sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
 a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor
 or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction
 costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 2,000,000 of such
 loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the
 lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as
 to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought
 to the attention of the corporation. 

74 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 

Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 David
 J. West 
 
 Centerview
 Capital Consumer 
 
 Private
 Equity 
 
 Partner 

The
 Simply Good Foods Company 
 
 Packaged
 Food Products 
 
 Vice-Chairman
 of the Board 

Advantage
 Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Sales
 and Marketing Solutions 
 
 Director 
 
 Brian
 K. Ratzan 
 
 Centerview
 Capital Consumer 
 
 Private
 Equity 
 
 Partner 

Advantage
 Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Sales
 and Marketing Solutions 
 
 Director 

The
 Simply Good Foods Company 
 
 Packaged
 Food Products 
 
 Director 
 
 Max
 Papkov 
 
 Centerview
 Capital Consumer 
 
 Private
 Equity 
 
 Partner 
 
 Carol
 Herman 
 
 Acme
 Idea Company 
 
 Marketing
 Consultancy 
 
 Principal 
 
 Nancy
 Karch 
 
 St.
 Mary s Children s Hospital 
 
 Non-profit 
 
 Director 

SPCA
 of Westchester 
 
 Non-profit 
 
 Director 

Westchester
 Land Trust 
 
 Non-profit 
 
 Vice-Chair
 of the Board 
 
 Arvin
 Kash 
 
 Information
 Resources, Inc. 
 
 Information
 Technology 
 
 Director 
 
 Peter
 Klein 
 
 PK
 Associates 
 
 Management
 Consultancy 
 
 Founder 

Centerview
 Capital Consumer 
 
 Private
 Equity 
 
 Advisory
 Board Member 

Vision
 For and From Children 
 
 Non-profit 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 

In
addition to the entities above for which members of our management team and our board have current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
we expect that members of our management team and our board, as well as Centerview Capital and Centerview Partners, are likely to sponsor,
form or participate in other blank check companies during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result,
all of the entities described in the table above, as well as any future blank check company that members of our management team, our
board and/or Centerview Capital, may be affiliated with, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. We do not believe, however,
that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or the time taken by our management team s other duties will
materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

We
would expect that any such blank check companies that members of our management team, our board and/or Centerview Capital are affiliated
with in the future will have a broader industry scope than our company, although like our company, they would not be limited in their
ability to pursue an initial business combination in the consumer sector and consumer related businesses. However, given the history
of our management team and board in executing successful business combinations with Conyers Park I and Conyers Park II, we would anticipate
that appropriate targets in the consumer sector and consumer related businesses would be more likely to seek to enter into a transaction
with our company rather than a blank check company that does not have a specific emphasis on the consumer sector. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
of our directors or officers unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. Accordingly, if any of our executive officers, directors or director nominees becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities, or any blank check company our executive officers, directors
or director nominees may be affiliated with in the future, and to which he or she has current or future fiduciary or contractual obligations,
and such opportunity was not presented to such individual solely in their capacity as a director or officer of our company, we would
expect that he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to
such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Conversely, if such individual was presented an opportunity
solely in their capacity as a director or officer of our company, and our company is legally and contractually permitted to undertake,
and it would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, such opportunity, we would expect he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to our company and only present it to such other entities for
which he or she has fiduciary or contractual obligations if we reject the opportunity. Finally, if such individual was presented or made
aware of a business combination opportunity not in their capacity as a director or officer of our company or any other entity to which
they have fiduciary or contractual obligations, such individual would have discretion as to which entity it would present such business
combination opportunity. 

75 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that
such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed
to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business
combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor
of our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent
authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary
duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally
violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper
personal benefit from their actions as directors. 

We
entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide for contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any
officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such
indemnification. We purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors
against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

None
of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our
sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, has been paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to
our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

76 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to
be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of
 common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock;
 and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 35,700,000 shares of our Class A common stock (which includes Class A common stock
that are underlying the Company s units) and 8,925,000 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022.
Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A common stock and Class B common stock owned beneficially by such person.
On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock vote together as a single class,
except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of shares of Class B common stock have the right to vote
on the election of the Company s directors prior to the initial business combination. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common
stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. The table below does not include the shares of Class
A common stock underlying the private placement warrants held or to be held by our officers or sponsor because these securities are not
exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

77 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Class B common stock Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Class B common stock Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Class A common stock Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Class A common stock Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Voting 
Control 
 
 T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. (2) 

4,320,042 
 12.1 
 9.7 
 
 HGC Investment Management Inc. (3) 

3,377,427 
 9.5 
 7.6 
 
 UBS O Connor LLC (4) 

2,932,368 
 8.2 
 6.6 
 
 Citadel Securities LLC (5) 

1,877,136 
 5.3 
 4.2 
 
 Conyers Park III Sponsor LLC (6) 
 8,825,000 
 98.9 

19.8 
 
 David J. West (6) 

Brian K. Ratzan (6) 

Max Papkov 

Carol Herman 
 25,000 

Nancy Karch 
 25,000 

Arvin Kash 
 25,000 

Peter Klein 
 25,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (eight individuals) 
 100,000 

Less
 than 1 percent. 

(1) Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is
 c/o Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp., 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 601, Naples, FL
 34108. 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, as reported on Schedule 13G, T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. Price Investment Management is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Price Investment Management does not serve as custodian of the assets of any of its clients; accordingly, in each instance only the client or the client s custodian or trustee bank has the right to receive dividends paid with respect to, and proceeds from the sale of, such securities. The ultimate power to direct the receipt of dividends paid with respect to, and the proceeds from the sale of, such securities, is vested in the individual and institutional clients which Price Investment Management serves as investment adviser. Any and all discretionary authority which has been delegated to Price Investment Management may be revoked in whole or in part at any time. With respect to securities owned by any one of the registered investment companies sponsored by Price Investment Management which it also serves as investment adviser T. Rowe Price Funds ), only the custodian for each of such Funds, has the right to receive dividends paid with respect to, and proceeds from the sale of, such securities. No other person is known to have such right, except that the shareholders of each such Fund participate proportionately in any dividends and distributions so paid. The business address of Price Investment Management is 101 E. Pratt Street, Baltimore, MD 21202. 

(3) 
 As of December 31, 2022, as reported on Schedule 13G, HGC Investment Management Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Canada HGC ), which serves as the investment manager to The HGC Fund LP, an Ontario limited partnership (the Fund ), with respect to the Shares held by the Reporting Person on behalf of the Fund. The business address of HGC is 1073 Yonge Street, 2nd Floor, Toronto, Ontario M4W 2L2, Canada. 

78 

(4) 
 As of December 31, 2022, as reported on Schedule 13G, UBS O Connor LLC UBS is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. The business address of UBS is One North Wacker Drive, 32nd Floor, Chicago, IL, 60606. 

(5) 
 As of December 31, 2022, as reported on Schedule 13G, Citadel Advisors LLC Citadel Advisors ), Citadel Advisors Holdings LP CAH ), Citadel GP LLC CGP ), Citadel Securities LLC Citadel Securities ), CALC IV LP CALC4 ), Citadel Securities GP LLC CSGP and Mr. Kenneth Griffin (collectively with Citadel Advisors, CAH, CGP, Citadel Securities, CALC4 and CSGP, the Reporting Persons with respect to shares of Class A common stock of the above-named issuer owned by Citadel Multi-Strategy Equities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company CM ), and Citadel Securities. Citadel Advisors is the portfolio manager for CM. CAH is the sole member of Citadel Advisors. CGP is the general partner of CAH. CALC4 is the non-member manager of Citadel Securities. CSGP is the general partner of CALC4. Mr. Griffin is the President and Chief Executive Officer of CGP, and owns a controlling interest in CGP and CSGP. The address of the principal business office of each of the Reporting Persons is Southeast Financial Center, 200 S. Biscayne Blvd., Suite 3300, Miami, Florida 33131. 

(6) There
 are more than three managers of our sponsor s board of managers and each manager has
 one vote. The approval of at least three members of the board of managers is required to
 approve an action of our sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three , if voting
 and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more
 individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of
 those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s
 securities. This is the situation with regard to our sponsor. Based upon the foregoing analysis,
 no individual manager of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of
 the securities held by our sponsor, even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest.
 Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares. 

Changes
in Control 

None. 

79 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

In
March 2021, we issued an aggregate of 10,062,500 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or
approximately 0.002 per share. In June 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Mses. Herman and Karch and Messrs.
Kash and Klein, our independent directors. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder
shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. The founder shares (including the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold
by the holder. With partial exercise of the over-allotment option on August 24, 2021 and subsequent expiration of the over-allotment
option on September 23, 2021, 8,925,000 founder shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2021 with 1,137,500 founder shares forfeited. 

Our
sponsor has, pursuant to a written agreement, purchased an aggregate of 6,760,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of
 1.50 per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering and partial
exercise of the over-allotment option. As such, our sponsor s interest in the transaction is valued at 10,140,000. Each private
placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder. 

As
more fully discussed in Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity
with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the
target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by
making a specified future issuance to any such entity. 

We
have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No
compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of
their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which
expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

80 

Although
we believe that Centerview Partners, an independent investment banking and advisory firm associated with Centerview Capital, will serve
as a valuable potential source of acquisition opportunities, neither Centerview Partners nor any of its affiliates is under any fiduciary
or contractual obligation to do so or to otherwise assist us with our business, and the conduct of our business will in any way restrict
or limit the conduct by Centerview Partners of its business. In addition, we may pay Centerview Partners a fee for financial advisory
services rendered in connection with our identification, negotiation and consummation of our initial business combination in the event
that it should be retained to provide such services. The amount of any fee we pay to Centerview Partners will be based upon the prevailing
market for similar services for such transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to
the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

Prior
to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses
of our initial public offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and came due at closing of our initial public offering.
The value of our sponsor s interest in this corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant
at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as
we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
entered into a registration rights and stockholder rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor is entitled to certain registration
rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our
initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Concurrently
with our initial public offering, we adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our
public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations include any financial transaction, arrangement
or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A copy of our code of ethics is available
on our website at https://www.conyers-park.com/. 

81 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering,
is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative
vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve
a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous
written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. A copy of audit committee
charter is available on our website at https://www.conyers-park.com/. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to
complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to
consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we,
or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA
or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore,
no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates,
by us for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following
payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds
of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
 of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related
 and organizational expenses; 

Payment
 to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space,
 utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
 business combination; and 

Repayment
 of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our
 officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial
 business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
 been executed with respect thereto. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into
 warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

Our
audit committee has and will continue to review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Herman, Ms. Karch, Mr. Kash and Mr.
Klein are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

82 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum ), for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services
rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the Commission for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 through
December 31, 2021, totaled 89,960 and 126,310, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well
as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay Withum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the company paid Withum tax fees of 5,665. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Withum for other services during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior
to the completion of the audit). 

83 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial
 Statements 

(2) Financial
 Statements Schedule 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in is Item 15 of Part IV below. 

(3) Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the Commission, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington
D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Commission, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the Commission website at www.sec.gov. 

84 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of the Company s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration and Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement, by and among the Company and certain security holders, officers and directors of the Company. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated August 9, 2021 among the Company and Conyers Park III Sponsor LLC. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Conyers Park III Sponsor LLC. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith 

Furnished
herewith 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 12, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on July 30, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

85 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders
and the Board of Directors of 

Conyers Park III
Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the
Financial Statements 

We have audited the
accompanying balance sheets of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, changes in Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and stockholders deficit and cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by August 12, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except
for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served
as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

, New York 

March 30,
2023 

PCAOB ID NUMBER

F- 1 

CONYERS
PARK III ACQUISITION CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at approximately and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

CONYERS
PARK III ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the Period from 
 January 7, 
 2021 
(inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Income from interest in operating account 

Income from marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Offering costs associated with warrant liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

CONYERS
PARK III ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE 
 REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 7, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 7, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor (1) 

Sale of Units, net of warrant liability fair value at issuance 

Fair value of public warrants at initial issuance 

Excess cash received over fair value of Private Placement Warrants 

Offering costs 

Forfeiture of Class B common stock by Sponsor 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

CONYERS
PARK III ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year 
Ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 For the Period from 
January 7, 
2021 
(inception) 
through 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income from marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Offering costs associated with warrant liability 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses related party 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Investment income released from Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 
 -

Repayment of promissory note related party 
 -

Gross proceeds from sale of 35,700,000 Units 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants to Sponsor 
 -

Payment of offering costs 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of the year 
 
 -

Cash at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid 
 
 -

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B common stock 
 -

Deferred underwriting commission in connection with initial public offering 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

CONYERS PARK III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
 Units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any (the Over-Allotment Units at the
time of the Initial Public Offering. 

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million (see Note 4). 

Over-Allotment Units at a price of
 per Over-Allotment Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds of , and the Company incurred in cash underwriting
fees and in deferred underwriting fees. Simultaneously with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company sold
an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of per additional Private Placement Warrant, generating
additional gross proceeds of . 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment and
certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United
States, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and was invested in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected
by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the assets
held in Trust Account as described below. 

F- 6 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding
the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement
to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination
company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders
who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters
(as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares were classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering.
In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon
such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation which the Company adopted upon the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides
to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with
a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may
elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether such Public Stockholder votes for or against the proposed transaction. If the
Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders (as defined below) have agreed
to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor
of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder
Shares and any Public Shares acquired by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

F- 7 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

per share initially
held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company
if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business
with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability
will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in
or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all third parties, including vendors, service providers
(excluding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately 
million. 

capital contribution from the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares to the Sponsor and the advancement of funds
by the Sponsor under the Note (see Note 4) to cover the Company s expenses in connection with the Initial Public Offering. As of
December 31, 2022, no amounts remained outstanding under the Note. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and
Private Placement, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied from the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement
not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company
Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

F- 8 

of interest income from the Trust Account to satisfy franchise and income tax obligations and working capital needs. 

F- 9 

. The Company has significant cash balances at financial institutions which throughout the year regularly exceed the federally insured limit
of . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition,
results of operations and cash flow. 

and , respectively in cash. The Company considers all short-term
investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any
cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

of interest income from the Trust Account. Of this amount, was for satisfying the Company s
franchise and income tax obligations and was for working capital needs. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

Units 

Less: 

Fair value of public warrants included in the Units sold 

Offering costs allocated to Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A common stock to possible redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion on Class A common stock to possible redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

and , respectively,
with a full valuation allowance against them. 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock in the calculation
of diluted income per share because their exercise is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. Accretion associated with the
redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

F- 12 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting
commissions. 

Over-Allotment Units at a price of
 per Over-Allotment Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds of . 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration of shares of Class
B common stock, par value , (the Founder Shares ). In June 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to
each of the Company s independent directors. The initial stockholders agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent
that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that
the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. With partial exercise of the over-allotment option on August 24, 2021,
and subsequent expiration of the over-allotment option on September 23, 2021, Founder Shares were outstanding as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 with Founder Shares forfeited. 

F- 13 

per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right
to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price
of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately million. 

Private
Placement Warrants at per additional Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of . 

per share. Certain of
the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and are
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis
so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

to cover
expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest
bearing and was payable on the earlier of March 31, 2022, or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On August 12, 2021, the
total balance of of the Note was repaid to the Sponsor. Subsequent to the repayment, the Note was no longer available to
the Company. 

F- 14 

per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of an initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 120,000 and 50,000, respectively,
in expenses in connection with such services as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , which
was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. Additionally, the underwriters
will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise
of the over-allotment option, or , held in the Trust Account and payable upon the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 15 

Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock, with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, including shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption which
are presented as temporary equity. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share,
and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board
of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class B common stock with
a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding.
On August 24, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Over-Allotment Units. As a result,
 Founder Shares were forfeited on September 23, 2021. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion
of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable
upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in
relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination
and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. 

F- 16 

Public Warrants outstanding. 

from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability 

Total 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability 

Total 

F- 18 

Stock price 

Volatility 

Term (in years) 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Warrant liability balance as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Warrant liability balance as of December 31, 2022 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

F- 19 

Net operating loss 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

State
 taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Offering
 costs associated with warrant liability 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liability 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Effective
 income tax rate 

F- 20 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 30 , 2023 
 CONYERS PARK III ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ David J. West 

Name: 
 David J. West 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ David J. West 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 March 30 , 2023 
 
 David J. West 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Brian K. Ratzan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Brian K. Ratzan 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 30 , 2023 

/s/ Max Papkov 
 
 Vice President of Strategy and Director 
 
 March 30 , 2023 
 
 Max Papkov 

/s/ Carol Herman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30 , 2023 
 
 Carol Herman 

/s/ Nancy Karch 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30 , 2023 
 
 Nancy Karch 

/s/ Arvin Kash 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30 , 2023 
 
 Arvin Kash 

/s/ Peter Klein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30 , 2023 
 
 Peter Klein 

86 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_conyerspark3.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANYS SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022,
Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp, (the Company or we, us, and our had the following
classes of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
(1) units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant Units ), (2) shares
of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value Class A Common Stock and (3) warrants, included as part of the Units, each
whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 Warrants ). Our Units, Class
A Common Stock and Warrants are listed on NASDAQ under the symbols CPAAU, CPAA and CPAAW, respectively.
The following description summarizes the material terms of our registered securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain
all the information that is important to you. 

Certain Terms 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Exhibit or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

public shares are to shares of our Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units in our
initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including, without limitation,
our initial stockholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team
have purchased public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public
stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

sponsor are to Conyers Park III Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an
affiliate of Centerview Capital; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B Common Stock, 8,925,000 of which are currently
outstanding and have been issued to our initial stockholders prior to our initial public offering and the shares of our Class A Common
Stock issued upon the conversion thereof; 

common stock are to our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock, collectively;
and 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement
simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. 

General 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), our authorized capital stock will consist of 500,000,000
shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, 50,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value Class B Common
Stock ), and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of
our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each Unit has an offering
price of 10.00 and consists of one whole share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one Warrant. Each whole Warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in
the registration statement on Form S-l/A (No. 333-257698) (the Registration Statement ). A Warrant holder may exercise its
Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock. This means that only a whole Warrant may be exercised at any given
time by a Warrant holder. No fractional Warrants will be issued and only whole Warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at
least three Units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole Warrant. 

The Class A Common Stock and
Warrants began separate trading on September 30, 2021. Holders of the Units have the option to continue to hold Units or separate their
Units into the component securities. Holders need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the Units into
shares of Class A Common Stock and Warrants. 

Common Stock 

Upon the closing of our initial
public offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, 44,625,000 shares of our common stock were outstanding including: 

35,700,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock underlying the Units being offered in our initial public
offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option; and 

8,925,000 shares of Class B Common Stock held by our initial stockholders. 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A Common Stock and holders
of the Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required
by law. Unless specified in the Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws (the Bylaws ), or as required by applicable provisions
of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL ), or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote
of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our stockholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because the Certificate of
Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which
we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our business combination. 

In accordance with NASDAQ
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders
for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with the Bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such
a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our
stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force
us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Prior to
the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

2 

We will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay up to 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated
to be approximately 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will
not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares
and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that
hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if
a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will,
pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our
Certificate of Incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about
the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will,
like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the
outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the
holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power
of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our business
combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor
more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination.
These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate
our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any
other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 10 of the shares of common stock sold in
our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could
suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not
receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 10 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in
open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased
after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares, we would need 13,387,501, or 37.5 , of the 35,700,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in
favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally,
each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
(subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

3 

Pursuant to our Certificate
of Incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business
days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay up to 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public
offering. However, if our sponsor or members of our management acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination
within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to
their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical
to the shares of Class A Common Stock included in the Units being sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have
the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B
Common Stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of our initial business combination,
or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution
rights, as described herein and (iv) are subject to registration rights. If we submit our business combination to our public stockholders
for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased after our initial
public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

The shares of Class B Common
Stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further
adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or
deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our initial public offering and related to the closing of the business combination,
including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B Common Stock shall convert into shares of Class
A Common Stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock agree to waive such
adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of
Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B Common Stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering plus all shares
of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any
shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination). Holders of founder shares may
also elect to convert their shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to adjustment
as provided above, at any time. 

4 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor, each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of
our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A Common
Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the
date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all
of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Prior to our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares
will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a resolution passed by a majority of our Class
B Common Stock. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial
business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as
a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to
fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without
stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights
of the holders of the common stock and could have antitakeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock
without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing
management. We have no preferred stock outstanding on the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred
stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock were issued or registered in our initial
public offering. 

Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the
registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. However, no Warrants will be exercisable for
cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Class A Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the public Warrants is not effective within a specified
period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. In the event
of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Class A
Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the
Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the fair market value (defined below)
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the
shares of Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise
is sent to the warrant agent. The Warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination,
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

5 

We may call the Warrants for
redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, 

at any time after the Warrants become exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of
redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares
of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations),
for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing at any time after the Warrants become exercisable and ending on the
third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Warrants. 

The right to exercise will
be forfeited unless the Warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date,
a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender
of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for
our Warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise
price and provide a sufficient differential between the then- prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share
price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the
Warrants. 

If we call the Warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise Warrants to do so on a
 cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of
shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock
underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last
sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of Warrants. 

We will not redeem the Warrants
unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock is available throughout the 30-day
redemption period. The Warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Warrants will be issued
in registered form under the warrant agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to cure
any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of
the Warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the Registration Statement, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision,
or (ii) to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties
to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered
holders of the Warrants. The warrant agreement requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding Warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

6 

The exercise price and number
of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will
not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Class A Common Stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The Warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price,
by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights
or privileges of holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares
of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Warrant holders may elect
to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their Warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their
Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares
of Class A Common Stock outstanding. 

No fractional shares will
be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to
the warrant holder. 

Private Placement Warrants. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant
agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This exclusive forum provision shall not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act, any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. 

The private placement warrants
(including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or
saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under
the section of the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions
on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Otherwise,
the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in our
initial public offering and partial exercise of the overallotment option, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Warrants included in the Units be sold in our
initial public offering and partial exercise of the overallotment option. 

If holders of the private
placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their private placement
warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the private placement warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the
private placement warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the
average reported closing price of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on
which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these private placement warrants
will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known
at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability
to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from
selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell
our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly,
unlike public stockholders who could sell the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants freely in the open
market, the insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such
private placement warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

7 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

Our sponsor has agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any of
these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among other limited
exceptions as described under the section of the entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares
and Private Placement Warrants made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock and Warrant agent for our Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and Warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors,
officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity,
except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation 

Provisions relating to our Initial Public Offering 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our
initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of a majority of our common stock.
Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they
do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other things,
that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this
offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay up to 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise
and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

8 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would
entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we,
or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or an independent accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide
to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which
contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is
required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable
on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the
closing of this offering or which adversely affects the rights of holders of our Class A Common Stock, we will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A Common Stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay up to 1,000,000 of our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise
and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our Certificate
of Incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We have opted out of Section
203 of the DGCL. However, our Certificate of Incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business
combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became
an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction
which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,
the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain
shares; or 

at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the
affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

9 

Generally, a business
combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested
stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s
affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our voting stock. 

Under certain circumstances,
this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business
combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to
negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors
approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These
provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions
which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that Centerview Capital Holdings LLC, the sponsor and their respective affiliates, any of their respective direct or indirect
transferees of at least 15 of our outstanding common stock and any group as to which such persons are party to, do not constitute interested
stockholders for purposes of this provision. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain
control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval (including a specified future issuance)
and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or
discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive form for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of
our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company
to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against
our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation
or our Bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine
except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or
forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act as to which the
Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange
Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to
which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Furthermore, the enforceability
of choice of form provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it
is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our Bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

10 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director
nominations 

Our Bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier
than the open of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders.
Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods
contained therein. Our Bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions
may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors
at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Subsequent to the consummation
of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special
meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common
stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors is
divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. The Certificate
of Incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject
to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by
the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office and
only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with
the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares
of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our Certificate
of Incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers,
preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B Common Stock. Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B Common Stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote,
if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B Common
Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which
all shares of Class B Common Stock were present and voted. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 44,625,000 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 35,700,000 shares of Class A Common Stock sold in our initial public offering
are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our
affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 8,925,000 Class B Common Stock and all 6,760,000
private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a
public offering, and the shares of Class B Common Stock are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in the final prospectus
relating to our initial public offering. These restricted securities are subject to registration rights as more fully described below
under Registration and Stockholder Rights. 

11 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person
who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or Warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities
provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale
and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as
we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock or Warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time
during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell
within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which equals 446,250 shares currently
outstanding; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding
the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under
Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about
us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the
following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as
applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials),
other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with
the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial stockholders
will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one
year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration and Stockholder Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement warrants and Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital
loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights and stockholder
agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (the Registration Rights Agreement ), requiring
us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A Common Stock). The
holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such
securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration and stockholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit
any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which
occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination
or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per
share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a
liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement
warrants and the respective Class A Common Stock underlying such Warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

In addition, pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals
for election to our board of directors. 

12 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_conyerspark3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, David J. West, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30 , 2023 

/s/ David J. West 

David J. West 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_conyerspark3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer
Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Brian K. Ratzan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30 , 2023 

/s/ Brian K. Ratzan 

Brian K. Ratzan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_conyerspark3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted 
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, David J. West, Chief Executive Officer of Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp.
(the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30 , 2023 

/s/ David J. West 

David J. West 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_conyerspark3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted 
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Brian K. Ratzan, Chief Financial Officer of Conyers Park III Acqusition
Corp. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30 , 2023 

/s/ Brian K. Ratzan 

Brian K. Ratzan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cpaa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cpaa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cpaa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cpaa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cpaa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

