<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1429764_0001493152-23-007639.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15699918</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>352302</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1851047</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7204638</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2648529</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3161006</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007639.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314172554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007639
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blink Charging Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001429764
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT [3790]
		IRS NUMBER:				030608147
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38392
		FILM NUMBER:		23732115

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		407 LINCOLN ROAD, SUITE 704
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 521-0200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		407 LINCOLN ROAD, SUITE 704
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Car Charging Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW IMAGE CONCEPTS, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080313

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007639.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by the check mark whether the registration has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (42,228,389 shares) computed by reference
to the price at which the common equity was last sold 16.53) as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022): . 

As
of March 10, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 Page 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS. 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 24 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 39 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 39 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 40 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 41 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements present our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do
not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and include statements
regarding, among other things, our projected revenue growth and profitability, our growth strategies and potential acquisitions, anticipated
trends in our market and our anticipated needs for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, 
 will, should, anticipate, estimate, plans, potential, 
 projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, management believes, we
believe, we intend or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. 

Forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, the following statements: 

According
 to The International Energy Agency projects global EV sales to grow from 3 million vehicles in 2020 to about 25 million vehicles
 in 2030, a 24 percent CAGR growth rate over this time period; 

that
 the EV charger industry as a whole is undercapitalized to deliver the full potential of the expected EV market growth in the near
 future; 

that
 we expect to retain our leadership position with new capital; 

that
 we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock; 

that
 we anticipate continuing to expand our revenues by selling our next generation of EV charging equipment, expanding Blink owned and
 operated charging equipment, expanding our sales channels, and implementing EV charging station occupancy fees (fees for remaining
 connected to the charging station beyond an allotted grace period after charging is completed), implementing subscription plans for
 our Blink-owned public charging locations, and advertising fees; and 

that
 we are unique in our ability to offer various business models to Property Partners (as defined herein) and leverage our technology
 to meet the needs of both Property Partners and EV drivers. 

Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

changes
 in the market acceptance of our products and services; 

increased
 levels of competition; 

changes
 in political, economic or regulatory conditions generally and in the markets in which we operate; 

the
 military action launched by Russian forces in Ukraine, the actions that have been and could be taken by other countries, including
 new and stricter sanctions and actions taken in response to such sanctions; 

our
 relationships with our key customers; 

adverse
 conditions in the industries in which our customers operate; 

continuing
 impact on us and our customers and suppliers caused by the Covid-19 pandemic; 

our
 ability to retain and attract senior management and other key employees; 

our
 ability to quickly and effectively respond to new technological developments; 

our
 ability to protect our trade secrets or other proprietary rights, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others
 and prevent others from infringing on our proprietary rights; and 

other
 risks, including those described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. 

We
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict
all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements,
you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
they are made. 

Certain
of the market data and other statistical information contained in this Annual Report are based on information from independent industry
organizations and other third-party sources, including industry publications, surveys and forecasts. Some market data and statistical
information contained in this Annual Report are also based on management s estimates and calculations, which are derived from our
review and interpretation of the independent sources listed above, our internal research and our knowledge of the EV industry. While
we believe such information is reliable, we have not independently verified any third-party information, and our internal data has not
been verified by any independent source. 

3 

From
time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases,
in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included
in this Annual Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn
out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future
events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a
different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this Annual Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed
in this Annual Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report. 

Except
to the extent required by U.S. federal securities law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements,
or otherwise. 

For
a discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results, see
 Item 1A Risk Factors below. 

In
this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the Company, Blink, Blink
Charging, we, us or our refer to Blink Charging Co., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

The
mark Blink is our registered trademark in the United States and, in the name of Ecotality, Inc. (whose assets we acquired
in October 2013), in Australia, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, South Africa,
Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan, and is a trademark registered in the European Union under the Madrid Protocol. We have registered other
trademarks and also use certain trademarks, trade names and logos that have not been registered. We claim common law rights to these
unregistered trademarks, trade names and logos. 

Note
on Covid-19 and Current Economic Conditions 

The
Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact global stock markets and economies. We closely monitor the impact of the continuing presence of
Covid-19 and recently identified variants of Covid-19 which appear to be more transmissible and contagious than previous Covid-19 variants
and have caused an increase in the number of Covid-19 cases globally. We have taken and continue to take precautions to ensure the safety
of our employees, customers and business partners, while assuring business continuity and reliable service and support to our customers.
We continue to receive orders for our products, although some shipments of equipment have been temporarily delayed. The global chip shortage
and supply chain disruption has caused some delays in equipment orders from our contract manufacturer. As federal, state and local economies
have reopened and return to pre-pandemic levels, we expect demand for charging station usage to increase, however, we are unable to predict
the extent of such recovery due to the uncertainty of Covid-19. Additionally, other recent macroeconomic events including rising inflation,
slowing economic growth, changes in U.S. and foreign government monetary policies, supply chain disruptions, fluctuations in currency
exchange rates and the Russian invasion of Ukraine have led to further economic uncertainty. As a result, we are unable to predict the
ultimate impact of equipment order delays, chip shortage, the impact of other economic conditions and continuous presence of Covid-19
will have on our business, future results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We intend to continue to monitor the impact
of the Covid-19 pandemic and other global economic factors on our business closely. For a further discussion of the risks, uncertainties
and actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, see Item 1A. Risk Factors below. 

4 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS.

Overview 

Blink
Charging Co., through its consolidated owned subsidiaries, is a leading manufacturer, owner, operator, and provider of electric vehicle EV charging equipment and networked EV charging services in the rapidly growing
U.S. and international markets for EVs. Blink offers residential and commercial EV charging equipment and services, enabling EV
drivers to recharge at various location types. Blink s principal line of products and services is its nationwide Blink
EV charging networks (the Blink Networks and Blink EV charging equipment, also known as electric vehicle supply
equipment EVSE ), and other EV-related services. The Blink Networks are a proprietary, cloud-based system that operates,
maintains and manages Blink charging stations and handles the associated charging data, back-end operations and payment
processing. The Blink Networks provide property owners, managers, parking companies, and state and municipal entities Property Partners ), among other types of commercial customers, with cloud-based services that enable the remote
monitoring and management of EV charging stations. The Blink Networks also provide EV drivers with vital station information,
including station location, availability, and fees (as applicable). 

In
order to capture more revenues derived from providing EV charging equipment to commercial customers and to help differentiate Blink in
the EV infrastructure market, Blink offers Property Partners a comprehensive range of solutions for EV charging equipment and services
that generally fall into one of the business models below, differentiated by who bears the costs of installation, equipment, maintenance,
and the percentage of revenue shared. 

In
 our Blink-owned turnkey business model , we incur the costs of the charging equipment and installation. We own and operate
 the EV charging station and provide connectivity of the charging station to the Blink Networks. In this model, which favors recurring
 revenues, we incur most costs associated with the EV charging stations; thus, we retain substantially all EV charging revenues
 after deducting network connectivity and processing fees. Typically, our agreement with the Property Partner lasts seven years with
 extensions that can bring it to a total of up to 21 years. 

In
 our Blink-owned hybrid business model , we incur the costs of the charging equipment while the Property Partner incurs the
 costs of installation. We own and operate the EV charging station and provide connectivity to the Blink Networks. In this model, the
 Property Partner incurs the installation costs associated with the EV station; thus, we share a more generous portion of the EV
 charging revenues with the Property Partner generated from the EV charging station after deducting network connectivity and
 processing fees. Typically, our agreement with the Property Partner lasts five years with extensions that can bring it up to 15
 years. 

In
 our host-owned business model , the Property Partner purchases, owns and operates the Blink EV charging station and incurs
 the installation costs. We work with the Property Partner by providing site recommendations, connectivity to the Blink Networks,
 payment processing, and optional maintenance services. In this model, the Property Partner retains and keeps all the EV charging
 revenues after deducting network connectivity and processing fees. 

In
 our Blink-as-a-Service model , we own and operate the EV charging station, while the Property Partner incurs the installation
 costs. The Property Partner pays us a fixed monthly fee for the service and keeps all the EV charging revenues after deducting network connectivity and processing fees. Typically, our
 agreement with the Property owner lasts five years. 

We
also own and operate a ride-sharing program through our wholly owned subsidiary, BlueLA Rideshare, LLC BlueLA ), with
the City of Los Angeles. The program allows customers the ability to rent electric vehicles through a subscription service and
charge those cars through our charging stations. 

As
part of our mission to facilitate the adoption of EVs through the deployment and operation of EV charging infrastructure globally,
we are dedicated to slowing climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions caused by road vehicles. With the goal of being a leader in the
build out of EV charging infrastructure and of maximizing our share of the EV charging market, we have established strategic
commercial, municipal and retail partnerships across industry verticals and encompassing numerous transit/destination locations, including
airports, auto dealers, healthcare/medical, hotels, mixed-use, municipal sites, multifamily residential and condos, parks and recreation
areas, parking lots, religious institutions, restaurants, retailers, schools and universities, stadiums, supermarkets, transportation
hubs, and workplace locations. 

During
2022, we were awarded several new prominent customers including Mitsubishi, Cushman Wakefield, Triple J, Q-Park, Best Buy,
UBS, Bosch Mexico, Porsche Puerto Rico and Guatemala, Veris Residential, Greystar, Cambium, and cities of Atlanta, Rockford, Newton,
Winslow, Leeds (UK) and others that expand our potential for unit sales and deployments. Through acquisitions of SemaConnect and
Electric Blue Electric Blue in 2022, we acquired a number of prominent customers such as Walgreens, Olive Garden,
Dunkin Donuts, Kaiser Permanente, Hilton, Ritz-Carlton, and many others. During 2021, we were awarded several prominent customers
including General Motors, Ford, Jaguar-Land Rover, Hyundai, Kia, Subaru, AutoNation, Berkshire-Hathaway Automotive, Bridgestone, the
City of San Antonio, the Related Group. Commensurate with these new business relationships, we also forged critical strategic
relationships with organizations that directly or indirectly influence EV charging stations purchase decisions. Examples include the
Florida Sheriff s Association Cooperative, Illinois Region 1 Planning Council, AES El Salvador, and Vizient, which is the
largest member-driven healthcare performance improvement company in the United States, representing more than 130 billion in annual
purchasing volume. 

5 

In
2022, through the acquisitions of SemaConnect and Electric Blue, we added new offices in Bowie, Maryland and St. Albans, United
Kingdom and manufacturing facilities in Bowie, Maryland and Bangalore, India. These new office and manufacturing facilities add to
our expanding U.S. and international capacity to develop and manufacture hardware and innovate new software capabilities to better
meet the needs of an evolving EV charging landscape, while also serving as a key hub for operations serving the Europe, Asia Pacific
and Middle East regions. This expansion in footprint is within our strategic goal to grow our global engineering
teams and develop operational hubs to facilitate international expansion into new international regions. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we sold or deployed 66,478 chargers, of which 50,167 were in the Blink Networks (31,320 Level 2 publicly accessible
commercial chargers, 17,613 Level 2 private commercial chargers, 199 DC Fast Charging EV publicly accessible chargers, 116 DC Fast Charging
EV private chargers, and 919 residential Level 2 Blink EV chargers, inclusive of 4,802 chargers pending to be commissioned). Included
in the Blink Networks are 4,851 chargers owned by us. The remaining 16,478 were non-networked, on other networks or international
sales or deployments (937 Level 2 commercial chargers, 151 DC Fast Charging chargers, 11,611 residential Level 2 Blink EV chargers, 2,311
sold to other U.S. networks, 1,221 sold internationally and 80 deployed internationally). The charger units noted above are net of swap-out
or replacement units. 

Being
among the largest owner and operators of EV charging stations, we understand our corporate social responsibility and are committed
to making the world a cleaner, better place. By focusing on the environmental, social, and governance risks and opportunities for
our business, we continue to strengthen our position in the EV industry as a value-adding and responsible service provider within
the ecosystem. In maintaining sustainable procurement, we intend to persist in aligning ourselves with partners who also believe in
the betterment of society and use ethical business practices. As our technology develops, we are devoted to creating recycling
programs to ensure that older products are repurposed. 

Industry
Overview 

The
market for plug-in electric vehicles experienced significant growth in recent years with EV adoption hitting an all-time high with 6 
in 2022 in U.S. and growing 11 year over year. We anticipate this to continue to grow in 2023, driven by new EVs being introduced to
the market as major automakers ramp up their production of EVs, and sales are expected to increase as the technology continues to improve
and prices come down. 

The
adoption of EVs was also propelled by the Stay-at-Home Orders in 2020 and the resulting reductions in global carbon dioxide
emissions that showcased the potential of cleaner, lower-emission air quality worldwide. 

In
addition, the advancements made in battery technology have allowed EVs to achieve approximate cost parity with internal combustion engine
vehicles and have extended driving range and consumer confidence moving the market away from range anxiety toward range confidence, creating
further consumer demand. 

We
also are seeing the U.S. Administration and private companies focus on climate initiatives and its large-scale commitment
and investment in developing and expanding the EV charging infrastructure making it easier for drivers to own and use EVs. 

Electric
vehicle demand has also been spurred by government incentive and regulations at federal, state and local levels. Government agencies
around the world are expected to continue providing incentives for the purchase of EVs, and regulations may be introduced to reduce emissions
and encourage the use of clean energy vehicles. At the U.S. federal level, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law is to provide 7.5 billion
for EV charging network across United States for both DCFC and Level 2 chargers. At state level, California, Oregon, New York, Maryland,
Massachusetts among other states, have created mandates for EVs to achieve more than 6.8 million EVs on the road by 2030 and many states
provide additional EV incentives to consumers. Further, a shift towards EV car-sharing has boosted the transition to EV fleets, leading
to increased EV charging station demand. 

2022
saw a revolution made towards EVs and 2023 does not look to slow down as original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) continue to actively
invest in research and development to speed up the production and deployment of EVs. As governments around the world are providing incentives
and subsidies to promote the adoption of EVs, it is further fueling the growth of the industry. 

The result is a rapidly expanding market for electric vehicles, with increasing numbers of models available and improved infrastructure
to support them. In 2022, many auto manufacturers such as Mercedes, Ford and General Motors brought dozens of new electric vehicle models
to market and much of this production kicks into gear starting in 2023 and 2024. Some estimates are that by 2025, there could be 74 different
electric vehicle models offered in North America as the number of EVs on U.S. roads is now projected to reach 26.4 million in 2030. 

As
a pioneer in the EV charging industry, we continue to lead as market demands for a robust charging infrastructure increase. We are
the only EV charging company to offer complete vertical integration from research and development and manufacturing to EV charger
ownership and operations. This vertical integration creates unparalleled opportunities to control our supply chain and accelerate
our go-to-market speed while reducing operating costs. We believe this opportunistically positions us to meet this demand both
domestically and globally. 

6 

Our
EV Charging Solutions 

We
offer a variety of EV charging products and services to Property Partners and EV drivers. 

EV
Charging Solutions 

Level 2. We offer a wide range of Level 2 (AC) EV charging equipment, ideal for commercial and residential use, with the North American standard J1772 connector, and Level 2 chargers with the Type 2 connector compatible with electric vehicles in Europe and across Latin America. 

Our commercial Level 2 chargers consist of the EQ, MQ, and IQ 200 families and the Series 4, 6, 7, and 8 families, which are available in pedestal wall mount and pole mount configurations, and the all-new Vision. The MQ and IQ 200 and the Series 6, 7, and 8 chargers offer an optional cable management system. We also offer three residential Level 2 chargers for the Americas, the wall-mounted HQ 150, HQ 200, Series 4, and one smart charging cable, the newly announced PQ 150, for European markets. Our commercial and residential chargers (except the non-networked HQ 150) can connect to the Blink Networks or a local network. Level 2 charging stations typically provide a full charge in two to eight hours. Level 2 chargers are ideally suited for low-cost installations and frequently used parking locations, such as workplaces, multifamily residential, retail and mixed-use, parking garages, municipalities, colleges/schools, hospitals and airports. 

International
 Products. We offer Level 2 AC and DC products for the rapidly expanding international markets targeted at the residential,
 workplace, retail, parking garages, leasing companies, hospitality and other locations. These products are available with the Type
 2 and CCS 2 connectors and included the recently announced PQ 150, Series 3 (an ideal product for the 2/3-wheeled vehicles), and
 the EQ 200. 

Mobile
 Charger . We offer the IQ 200-M Level 2 charger for the mobile/emergency charging market which requires a portable charger
 to be used for roadside or other use cases where a connection to the electricity grid is not available. 

Advertising Solution. In January 2023, we announced an
 enhanced advertising and charging solution in one product. This product, Vision, consists of a striking 55 LCD screen capable
 of static and dynamic advertising and Level 2 charger with two charging ports, targeted at the retail, hospitality and high traffic
 locations. 

DCFC.
 We offer a complete line of DC Fast Charging equipment DCFC that range from 30kW to 360kW, support the CHAdeMo 
 and the CCS1 connectors, and typically provide an 80 charge in less than 30 minutes. Installation of DCFC stations and grid requirements
 are typically greater than Level 2 charging stations and are ideally suited for transportation hubs and locations between travel
 destinations. These include the Series 9 30kW DC Fast Charger that works ideally for the fleet and auto dealership segments and is
 available in wall and pedestal mount configurations, the Blink 30kW DC Fast Charger that boasts a small footprint providing up to
 100 amps of output, and the Blink 60kW 360kW DC Fast Charger that provides from 140 to 500 amps of power. 

Blink
 Networks. The all new, rebuilt from the ground-up Blink Networks are a cloud-based product that manages our network of EV chargers
 around the world for remote monitoring, management, payment processing, customer support and other features required for operating
 the Blink Networks of EV charging locations. 

Blink Charging Mobile App. We offer our all-new Blink Charging Mobile App (iOS and Android) that provides EV drivers control by giving them improved search capabilities which allows them to search for nearby amenities, as well as chargers by zip-codes, city, business, category, or address, and expanded keyword search. 

Fleet Management. We offer Fleet Management applications, targeted at commercial, municipal, and federal fleets that are interested in electrifying their fleets, for planning, managing, and optimizing their fleets for departure and energy costs. As a Sourcewell supplier, we are able to help municipalities streamline the procurement process. 

Competitive
Advantages/Operational Strengths 

Long-Term
Contracts with Property Owners. We have strategic and often long-term agreements that include location exclusivity with Property
Partners across numerous transit/destination locations, including airports, car dealers, healthcare/medical, hotels, mixed-use, municipal
locations, multifamily residential and condo, parks and recreation areas, parking lots, religious institutions, restaurants, retailers,
schools and universities, stadiums, supermarkets, transportation hubs, and workplace locations. Property Partners include well-recognized
companies, large municipalities and local businesses. Representative examples include the City of Miami Beach, City of Chula Vista, City
of Phoenix, City of Portland, City of Knoxville, City of San Antonio, City of Leeds (UK), University of San Diego, Ohlone College, ACE
Parking, Q-Park, Icon Parking, SP+ Parking, iPark, LAZ Parking, Reef Parking, Federal Realty, Equity Residential, Related Group, Johnson
 Johnson, Kaiser Permanente, Blessing Healthcare, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Starbucks, JBG Associates, Kroger Company, Fred Meyer
Stores, Inc., Fry s Food Drug, Inc., Raising Cane s, McDonald s, Carl s Jr., Burger King, Olive Garden,
Walgreens and Ralphs Grocery Company. We continue to establish new contracts with Property Partners that previously secured our services
independently or had contracts with the EV service providers that we acquired in the past. 

7 

Vertically
Integrated Supply Chain, Engineering and Manufacturing. With the acquisition of SemaConnect, we have become the only vertically
integrated charging company in the United States and among the few in the world. We believe this strategy provides multiple benefits
among which are the bottom-up approach to design and engineering, compliance with Buy American hardware requirements, controlling
the supply chain timing and costs, ensuring adequate levels of inventory in constrained markets, and ability to capture the manufacturing
margin in a high-demand environment. 

Differentiated
but Flexible Business Models. We own, operate and supply proprietary electric vehicle charging equipment and networked EV charging
services. We believe that our ability to flexibly provide various business models, including a comprehensive turnkey solution, to Property
Partners and leverage our technology to meet both Property Partners and EV drivers needs provides us competitive advantage
in addition to more compelling long-term growth opportunities than possible through equipment sales only. 

Ownership
and Control of EV Charging Stations and Services. We own a considerable percentage of our charging stations, which is a significant
differentiation between us and some of our primary competitors. This ownership model allows us to control the settings and pricing for
our EV charging services, service the equipment as necessary, and have more effective brand management and price uniformity. As for those
stations that we do not own, we are using our best efforts to encourage their owners to keep the stations operating in good order and,
in some cases, to replace faulty stations with our new charging stations equipment. 

Experience
with Products and Services of Other EV Charging Service Providers. From our early days and through our acquisitions, we have
had the experience of owning and operating EV charging equipment manufactured by other EV charging service providers, including General
Electric, ChargePoint, Tellus, and Tritium. This experience has provided us with the working knowledge of other equipment manufacturers 
benefits and drawbacks and their applicable EV charging networks. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
objective is to continue becoming a vertically integrated leading provider of EV charging solutions by deploying mass-scale EV charging
infrastructure. By doing so, we aim to enable the accelerated growth of EV adoption and the EV industry. Key elements of our growth strategy
include: 

Pursue
 Strategic Opportunities to Expand Blink-Owned Turnkey and Hybrid Models. We have structured our business to identify and
 pursue opportunities to develop Blink s owner and operator business model with locations with potential high utilization, where
 grant funds are available, and where we can realize long-term benefit for the EV charging location and establish long-term recurring
 revenue relationships. 

Relentless
 Focus on Customer Satisfaction. We aim to increase overall customer satisfaction with new and existing Property Partners
 and EV drivers by upgrading and expanding the EV charging footprint throughout high-demand, high-density geographic areas. Another
 objective is to improve productivity and utilization of existing EV charging stations and enhance the valuable features of our EV
 charging station hardware and the Blink Networks. 

Continue
 to Invest in Technology Innovations . We will continue to enhance the product offerings available in our EV charging hardware,
 cloud-based software, and networking capability. In October 2022, we unveiled our all-new Blink Networks and Blink Charging
 Mobile App, redesigned from the ground-up, with industry-leading architecture, improving reliability, user experience, and flexibility
 capable of iterating as the industry matures. The new Network is capable of serving a wide variety of EV equipment, languages, currencies,
 and applications, allowing Blink to stay competitive in the fast-moving EV charging landscape. Concurrently, the new mobile app creates
 a seamless driver charging experience across the globe. Our key service solutions allow us to remain technology agnostic so that
 we can onboard OCPP compliant equipment from other manufacturers onto our newly designed network. 

Strengthen
 and Support our Human Capital. Our experienced employees and management team are our most valuable resources. Attracting,
 training, and retaining key personnel has been and will remain critical to our success. To achieve our human capital goals, we intend
 to stay focused on providing our personnel with entrepreneurial opportunities to expand our business within their areas of expertise.
 We will also continue to provide our personnel with personal and professional growth opportunities, including additional training,
 performance-based incentives such as opportunities for stock ownership, and other competitive benefits. 

Expand
 Sales and Marketing Resources. We intend to invest in sales and marketing infrastructure to capitalize on the growth in the
 market and expand our go-to-market strategy. Today, we use a direct sales force, as well as resellers, and will continue expanding
 through the use of independent sales agents, utilities, solar distributors, contractors, automotive manufacturers and dealers. 

8 

Seek
 Strategic Acquisition Opportunities. We seek domestic and international acquisition opportunities which will allow us to
 expeditiously expand our footprint of EV charging station locations, product offerings, and enhance our Blink Networks. 

Leverage
 Our Early Mover Advantage. We continue to leverage our extensive and defendable first-mover advantage and the digital customer
 experience we have created for both EV drivers and Property Partners. We believe that hundreds of thousands of Blink driver registrants
 appreciate the value of transacting charging sessions on established robust networks. Blink chargers are deployed mainly across the
 United States, Europe and South America, and the tendency, among users, is to stay within one consistent network. 

Appropriately
 Capitalize Our Business. We continue to pursue new potential capital sources to deliver critical operational objectives and
 the necessary resources to execute our overall strategy. The EV charging industry as a whole is undercapitalized to deliver the full
 potential of the expected EV market growth in the near future. We expect to retain our leadership position with new growth capital
 as required. 

International
 Expansion with Three Recent Acquisitions. On June 15, 2022, we completed the acquisition of SemaConnect, Inc., a leading provider of EV charging
 infrastructure solutions in North America with manufacturing facilities in both the United States and India. Upon the closing of
 the acquisition, SemaConnect became a wholly owned subsidiary of our company, allowing Blink to comply with Buy America 
 mandates and adding nearly 13,000 active chargers and over 150,000 registered users to the Blink Networks. On April
 22, 2022, pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2022, we acquired, through our wholly owned subsidiary
 in the Netherlands, Blink Holdings B.V., all the outstanding capital stock of Electric Blue Limited, a private company limited by
 shares and registered in England and Wales EB ), from its shareholders. Headquartered in St. Albans, United Kingdom,
 EB is a leading provider of electric vehicle charging and sustainable energy solutions and technologies. 

On May 10, 2021, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary in the Netherlands, Blink Holdings, B.V.,
 closed on the acquisition of the outstanding capital stock of a Belgian company, Blue Corner NV Blue Corner ),
 from its shareholders. Headquartered in Belgium, with sales representative offices in several other European cities, Blue Corner
 owns and operates an EV charging network across Europe. The acquisition of Blue Corner was made to enter the European market and
 provide an opportunity to expand our footprint in this region. 

Sales 

Our
sales organization builds and maintains long-term business relationships with our customers by utilizing our four core business models.
These business models provide a high degree of flexibility to match host location goals and objectives for EV charging with our industry-leading
equipment acquisition solutions. Our team identifies locations that have the potential to create long-term, recurring value for the Property
Partner and Blink. Sales personnel are able to pivot to traditional equipment sales or charging-as-a-service models when, and if, a location
is not identified as a promising generator of future recurring revenues. The team strives to maintain a balance between equipment sales
that grow revenue today, and site locations that have potential to generate strong revenues in the future under our owner-operator business
models. 

We
also engage with strategic distributor and reseller partners across a range of vertical markets both within the U.S. and globally. These
organizations typically have unique relationships or capabilities within their respective markets and provide Blink with additional sales
opportunities. These partnerships amplify Blink s sales reach and are authorized to sell our EV charging hardware, software services
(connectivity to the Blink Networks), and extended warranty service plans, to strategic customers in specific locations. 

We are making further inroads into the residential charging station market where we sell Level 2 chargers through various internet channels,
such as Amazon, Walmart.com, Lowes.com, and other online retailers, to reach the single-family residential charging market in the United
States. 

During
2022, we were awarded several new prominent customers including Mitsubishi, Cushman Wakefield, Triple J, Q-Park, Best Buy, UBS,
Bosch Mexico, Porsche Puerto Rico and Guatemala, Veris Residential, Greystar, Cambium, and cities of Atlanta, Rockford, Newton, Winslow,
Leeds (UK) and others that expand Blink s potential for unit sales and deployments. Through acquisitions of SemaConnect and Electric
Blue in 2022, Blink acquired a number of prominent customers such as Walgreens, Olive Garden, Dunkin Donuts, Kaiser Permanente, Hilton,
Ritz-Carlton, and many others. During 2021, we were awarded several prominent customers including General Motors, Ford, Jaguar-Land
Rover, Hyundai, Kia, Subaru, AutoNation, Berkshire-Hathaway Automotive, Bridgestone, the City of San Antonio, the Related Group, and
others. Commensurate with these new business relationships, we also forged critical strategic relationships with organizations that directly
or indirectly influence EV charging station purchase decisions. Examples include Sustainable Westchester in New York, and Clean Cities
Organizations in Virginia, Vermont and Ohio, Florida Sheriff s Association Cooperative, Illinois Region 1 Planning Council, AES
El Salvador, and Vizient. 

9 

In
addition to adding sales personnel within key markets, we solidified our organizational structure through hiring talented business development
professionals and establishing a new account management team to onboard customers and maintain long-term relationships. 

Our
in-house staff performs a variety of marketing activities. Our marketing team works to promote and sell our services to property owners
and managers, parking companies, and EV drivers. We also utilize marketing and communication channels, including press releases, email
marketing, website (www.blinkcharging.com), pay-per-click advertising, social media marketing, webinars, sponsorships and partnerships,
advertising, and conferences. Our websites information is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this Annual Report or incorporated
into any other filings we make with the SEC. 

We
continue to invest in improving our company-owned stations service and maintenance and those stations with service and maintenance
plans and expanding our cloud-based network capabilities. We anticipate continuing to grow our revenues by (i) selling our next generation
of EV charging equipment to current as well as to new Property Partners, which includes airports, auto dealers, healthcare/medical, hotels,
mixed-use, municipal locations, multifamily residential and condos, parks and recreation areas, parking lots, religious institutions,
restaurants, retailers, schools and universities, stadiums, supermarkets, transportation hubs, and workplace locations, and (ii) expanding
our sales channels to wholesale distributors, utilities, auto original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), solar integrators,
and dealers, which will include implementing EV charging station occupancy fees (after charging is completed, fees for remaining connected
to the charging station beyond an allotted grace period), and subscription plans for EV drivers on our company-owned public charging
locations. 

Our
Customers and Partners 

We
have strategic partnerships across numerous transit/destination locations, including airports, auto dealers, healthcare/medical,
hotels, mixed use and municipal locations, multifamily residential and condos, parks and recreation areas, parking lots, religious
institutions, restaurants, retailers, schools and universities, stadiums, supermarkets, transportation hubs, and workplace
locations. We have hundreds of Property Partners that include well recognized companies, large municipalities, and local businesses.
We strive to engage all Blink-owned turnkey and hybrid property partners with exclusive EV charging contracts. This strategy further
supports our owner-operator model to generate recurring revenue for both the Property Partner and Blink. Representative examples are
McDonald s, Sony Pictures, Caltrans, Audi of America, Porsche Design Tower, City of Azusa, City of Chula Vista, City of
Springfield, City of Tucson, City of Fayetteville, BJ s Inc., Federal Realty, Fred Meyer Stores, Inc., Fry s Food 
Drug, Inc., Kana Hotel Group, Kroger Company and Ralphs Grocery Company. We continue to establish new contracts with Property
Partners that previously secured our services independently or had contracts with the EV services providers that we acquired,
including Ecotality, the former owner of the Blink-related assets. 

Our
revenues are primarily derived from fees charged to EV drivers for EV charging in public locations, EV charging hardware sales, government
grants, and sales of equipment warranties. EV charging fees to drivers are based on an hourly rate, by energy dispensed per kilowatt-hour kWh ), or by session. Such fees are calculated based on various factors, including associated station costs and local electricity
tariffs. EV charging hardware is sold to our Property Partners such as InterEnergy, Green Commuter, Nashville Music Center, Wendy s,
and other Property Partners engaged with our host-owned business model. Other income sources from EV charging services are network fees,
extended warranty fees, membership fees, and payment processing fees paid by our Property Partners. Blink generates revenues from its
ride-sharing program through BlueLA and the City of Los Angeles which allows customers the ability to rent electric vehicles through
a subscription service. 

We
teamed up with Google Maps to make locating EV charging stations straightforward and accessible. Our charging stations are displayed
in Google Maps, along with other relevant information. 

We
are focused on international expansion and have made significant progress at expanding our business across the globe, focusing primarily
on Europe, United Kingdom, Israel, and Latin America. 

On
June 15, 2022, we completed the acquisition of SemaConnect, Inc., a leading provider of EV charging infrastructure solutions
in North America with manufacturing facilities in both the United States and India. Upon the closing of the acquisition, SemaConnect
became a wholly owned subsidiary of our company, allowing us to comply with Buy America mandates and adding nearly 13,000 active chargers and over 150,000 registered users to the Blink Networks. On April 22, 2022, pursuant to a Sale and
Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2022, we acquired, through our wholly owned subsidiary in the Netherlands, Blink Holdings
B.V., all the outstanding capital stock of Electric Blue Limited, a private company limited by shares and registered in England and Wales EB ), from its shareholders. Headquartered in St. Albans, United Kingdom, EB is a leading provider
of electric vehicle charging and sustainable energy solutions and technologies. On May 10, 2021, we, through our wholly owned
subsidiary in the Netherlands, Blink Holdings, B.V., closed on the acquisition of the outstanding capital stock of a Belgian company,
Blue Corner NV Blue Corner ), from its shareholders. Headquartered in Belgium, with sales representative offices in several
other European cities, Blue Corner owns and operates an EV charging network across Europe. The acquisition of Blue Corner was made to
enter the European market and provide an opportunity to expand our footprint in this region. Additionally, we operate through
Blink Charging Ltd. for our expansion in Israel and Blink Hellas SA for our expansion in Greece. We are in the process of establishing
numerous subsidiaries in Latin America as we further concentrate our international efforts. Finally, we established a new software development
team in India, managed by our Indian subsidiary, Blink Charging Software Solutions Ltd. 

10 

Our
Competition 

The
EV charging equipment and service market is highly competitive, and we expect the market to become increasingly competitive as new entrants
enter this growing market. Our products and services compete on product performance and features, the total cost of ownership, sales
capabilities, financial stability, brand recognition, product reliability, and the installed base s size. Our existing competition
in the U.S. currently includes ChargePoint, which manufactures EV charging equipment and operates the ChargePoint Network, and Evgo,
which offers home and public charging with pay-as-you-go and subscription models. Other entrants into the connected EV charging station
equipment market include Volta, Clipper Creek, Wallbox, Freewire, Autel, and EV Connect. We believe these additional competitors struggle
with gaining the necessary network traction but could gain momentum in the future. While Tesla does offer EV charging services, the connector
type currently restricts the chargers to Tesla vehicles only in North America. Many other EV charging companies offer non-networked or
 basic chargers with limited customer leverage but could provide a low-cost solution for basic charger needs in commercial
and home locations. 

Our
competitive advantage in this market includes vertical integration and our exclusive, long-term contracts with our Property Partners
and flexible business models. We offer our EV charging station equipment and provide access to a robust EV charging network. 

Government
Grants 

We
have a full-time dedicated team to identify and process federal and state funding opportunities for EV charging infrastructure
development. We are committed to pursuing EV charging development grant opportunities in all 50 states. Funding sources in the
U.S. include the Department of Energy, Department of Transportation, Department of Agriculture, the VW mitigation settlement trust
fund, funding initiatives from utility service providers and various state and local jurisdictions. In Europe, we have a
significant presence both in the European Union and the United Kingdom through our acquisitions of Blue Corner and Electric Blue. Our staff in Europe has significant experience in applying and taking advantage of various European
jurisdictions incentives and rebate programs. 

Disclosure
Related to Climate Change 

On
March 21, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC proposed rules mandating climate-related disclosures in companies 
annual reports and registration statements. The proposed rules contemplate phase-in periods based on SEC filer status, with extended
phase-in periods for Scope 3 disclosures and third-party attestation requirements. Under the direction and supervision of senior management
and with board oversight, our Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG Committee has initiated a process to implement
and maintain compliance with the SEC s climate disclosure requirements as they are enacted. 

Privacy
and Data Security Laws 

We
are currently subject, and/or may in the future be subject, to numerous privacy and data security laws. For example, some U.S. states,
members of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and many other jurisdictions in which we operate have adopted some form of
privacy and data security laws and regulations which impose significant compliance obligations. 

The
European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which is wide-ranging in scope, imposes several requirements
relating to a variety of matters, including the control over personal data by individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information
provided to the individuals, the documentation we must maintain, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification,
and the use of third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer
of personal data outside of the European Union EU ), provides an enforcement authority, and authorizes the imposition of
large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for significant fines. The GDPR requirements apply not only to third-party
transactions, but also to transfers of information between Blink Charging and its subsidiaries, including employee information. The GDPR
has increased our responsibility and potential liability in relation to all types of personal data that we process and we may be required
to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, which could divert management s attention and increase
its cost of doing business, and despite our ongoing efforts to bring its practices into compliance with the GDPR, it may not be successful. 

Additionally,
we are governed by a California state privacy law called the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which contains
requirements similar to GDPR for the handling of personal information of California residents. The CCPA establishes a privacy framework
for covered businesses, including an expansive definition of personal information and data privacy rights for California residents. The
CCPA includes a framework with potentially severe statutory damages and private rights of action. The CCPA requires covered companies
to provide new disclosures to California consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the CCPA), and new ways for such consumers to
opt out of certain sales of personal information, and to allow for a new cause of action for data breaches. Further, California voters
approved a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA in November 2020. Effective starting on January 1,
2023, the CPRA will significantly modify the CCPA, including by expanding the consumers rights with respect to certain sensitive
personal information. The CPRA also creates a new state agency that will be vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and
the CPRA. New legislation proposed or enacted in various other states will continue to shape the data privacy environment nationally.
For example, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act became effective on January 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act becomes effective
on July 1, 2023, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring becomes effective on July 1, 2023, and the
Utah Privacy Act becomes effective on December 1, 2023. 

The
GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, CPA, and CDPA exemplify the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal
data. Our compliance costs and potential liability may increase as a result of additional national and international regulatory requirements
related to data privacy and data security. We are currently subject, and/or may in the future be subject, to numerous privacy and data
security laws. For example, some U.S. states, members of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and many other jurisdictions
in which we operate have adopted some form of privacy and data security laws and regulations which impose significant compliance obligations. 

Environmental,
Social, and Governance (ESG 

We are committed to sourcing only responsibly produced materials We have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to child or forced labor
and human trafficking by our suppliers. We believe that sound corporate governance is critical to helping us achieve our goals, including
with respect to ESG. We are focused on further enhancing sustainability of operations and continue to evolve a governance framework that
exercises appropriate oversight of responsibilities at all levels throughout the company. Our board-level ESG Committee, with active management
participation, will oversee our ESG initiatives and priorities. 

Government
Regulation and Incentives 

State,
regional and local regulations for installing EV charging stations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may include permitting
requirements, inspection requirements, licensing of contractors, and certifications. Compliance with such regulations may cause installation
delays. 

Currently,
we apply charging fees by the kWh for our services in most states that permit this policy, while there are a handful of other states
that only allow charging fees on hourly and by session for our services (Georgia, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Nebraska, Tennessee
and Wisconsin). 

We
intend to continue to vigorously seek additional grants, loans, rebates, subsidies, and incentives as cost-effective means of reducing
our capital investment in the promotion, purchase and installation of charging stations where applicable. We expect these incentives,
rebates, and tax credits to be critical to our future growth. Additionally, some incentives are currently offered to encourage electric
vehicle adoption at the federal, state and local levels. The Federal Government provides a personal income tax credit for qualified plug-in
electric vehicles, with a maximum of 7,500, depending on vehicle weight and battery capacity, income levels, and battery sourcing origin.
We expect Federal Government to continue to provide additional details about the vehicles and customers that qualify for Federal Government
incentives. States such as California, Colorado, Delaware, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New York, and Rhode Island offer various rebates,
grants, and tax credits to incentivize EV and EVSE purchases. 

11 

CESQG 

As
a Conditionally Exempt Small Quantity Generator CESQG ), we generate a limited quantity of hazardous waste, mainly solvent
contaminated wipes, which are transported to local solid waste facilities. Scrapped electronic boards are transported to a local recycler.
A CESQG of hazardous waste is defined as a generator that: 

produces
 no more than 100 kg (220 lbs.) of hazardous waste per calendar month; 

produces
 no more than 1 kg (2.2 lbs.) of acute hazardous waste per calendar month; 

never
 accumulates more than 1,000 kg (2,204 lbs.) of hazardous waste at any one time; and 

Never
 accumulates more than 1 kg (2.2 lbs.) of acute hazardous waste at any one time. 

The
use of our machinery and equipment must comply with the following applicable laws and regulations, including safety and environmental
regulations: 

General
 Safety for All Employees Includes health hazard communication, emergency exit plans, electrical safety-related work practices,
 office safety, and hand-powered tools. 

Technicians
 and Engineers Only authorized persons (technicians and engineers) perform product testing and repair in the facility s
 production and engineering areas, including those engineers involved in field service work. Regulations include control of hazardous
 energy and personal protective equipment. 

Logisticians
 Includes forklift operations performed only by certified shipping/receiving personnel and material handling and storage. 

We
fully comply with the general industry category s environmental regulations applicable to us as a CESQG. 

OSHA 

We
are subject to the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended OSHA ). OSHA establishes specific employer responsibilities,
including maintaining a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, compliance with standards promulgated
by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and various recordkeeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Multiple standards,
including standards for notices of hazards, safety in excavation and demolition work and the handling of asbestos, may apply to our operations.
We are in full compliance with OSHA regulations. 

NEMA 

The
National Electrical Manufacturers Association NEMA is the association of electrical equipment and medical imaging manufacturers.
NEMA provides a forum for developing technical standards in the industry and users best interests, advocating industry policies
on legislative and regulatory matters, and collecting, analyzing, and disseminating industry data. All of our US products comply with
the NEMA standards that apply to such products. 

Waste
Handling and Disposal 

We
are subject to laws and regulations regarding the handling and disposal of hazardous substances and solid wastes, including electronic
wastes and batteries. These laws generally regulate the generation, storage, treatment, transportation, and disposal of solid and hazardous
waste, and may impose strict, joint, and several liability for the investigation and remediation of areas where hazardous substances
may have been released or disposed. For instance, CERCLA, also known as the Superfund law, in the United States and comparable state
laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons that contributed
to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include current and prior owners or operators of the site
where the release occurred as well as companies that disposed of or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances found at the site.
Under CERCLA, these persons may be subject to joint and several strict liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances
that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. CERCLA also
authorizes the EPA and, in some instances, third parties to act in response to threats to the public health or the environmental and
to seek to recover from the responsible classes of persons the costs they incur. We may handle hazardous substances within the meaning
of CERCLA, or similar state statutes, in the course of ordinary operations and, as a result, may be jointly and severally liable under
CERCLA for all or part of the costs required to clean up sites at which these hazardous substances have been released into the environment. 

We
also generate solid wastes, which may include hazardous wastes that are subject to the requirements of the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state statutes. While RCRA regulates both solid and hazardous wastes, it imposes strict
requirements on the generation, storage, treatment, transportation, and disposal of hazardous wastes. Certain components of our products
are excluded from RCRA s hazardous waste regulations, provided certain requirements are met. However, if these components do not
meet all of the established requirements for the exclusion, or if the requirements for the exclusion change, we may be required to treat
such products as hazardous waste, which are subject to more rigorous and costly disposal requirements. Any such changes in the laws and
regulations, or our ability to qualify the materials it uses for exclusions under such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our
operating expenses. 

Similar
laws exist in other jurisdictions where we operate. Additionally, in the EU, we are subject to the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment
Directive WEEE Directive ). The WEEE Directive provides for the creation of a collection scheme where consumers return
waste electrical and electronic equipment to merchants, such as Blink Charging. If we fail to properly manage such waste electrical and
electronic equipment, it may be subject to fines, sanctions, or other actions that may adversely affect on our financial operations. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures
and contractual restrictions, to establish, maintain and protect our proprietary rights. Our success depends partly on our ability to
obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our products, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights
of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had four active patents issued in the United States (in the name of our subsidiary Ecotality, Inc.). These patents
relate to various EV charging station designs. We intend to regularly assess opportunities for seeking patent protection for those aspects
of our technology, designs and methodologies that we believe provide a meaningful competitive advantage. If we cannot do so, our ability
to protect our intellectual property or prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights may be impaired. 

Human
Capital Resources 

Our
experienced employees and management team are some of our most valuable resources, and we are committed to attracting, motivating, and
retaining top talent. As of December 31, 2022, we had 620 employees, including 564 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented
by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relationship
with our employees to be good. 

Our
success is directly related to the satisfaction, growth, and development of our employees. We strive to offer a work environment where
employee opinions are valued and allow our employees to use and augment their professional skills. To achieve our human capital goals,
we intend to remain focused on providing our personnel with entrepreneurial opportunities to expand our business within their areas of
expertise and continue to provide our personnel with personal and professional growth. We emphasize several measures and objectives
in managing our human capital assets, including, among others, employee safety and wellness, talent acquisition and retention, employee
engagement, development and training, diversity and inclusion, and compensation and pay equity. 

12 

COVID-19
and Employee Safety and Wellness . In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were
in the best interest of our employees as well as the communities in which we operate. These measures include allowing most employees
to work from home and implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site work. We believe in supporting
our employees health and well-being. Our goal is to help employees make informed decisions about their health by providing the
tools and resources necessary to achieve a healthier lifestyle. We offer our employees a wide array of benefits such as life and health
(medical, dental, and vision) insurance, paid time off and retirement benefits, as well as emotional well-being services through our
health insurance program. 

Diversity
and Inclusion and Ethical Business Practices. We believe that a company culture focused on diversity and inclusion is a crucial driver
of creativity and innovation. We also believe that diverse and inclusive teams make better business decisions, ultimately driving better
business outcomes. We are committed to recruiting, retaining, and developing high-performing, innovative and engaged employees with diverse
backgrounds and experiences. This commitment includes providing equal access to, and participation in, equal employment opportunities,
programs, and services without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
stereotypes, or assumptions based thereon. We welcome and celebrate our teams differences, experiences, and beliefs, and we are
investing in a more engaged, diverse, and inclusive workforce. 

We
also foster a strong corporate culture that promotes high standards of ethics and compliance for our business, including policies that
set forth principles to guide employee, officer, director, and vendor conduct, such as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We also
maintain a whistleblower policy and anonymous hotline for the confidential reporting of any suspected policy violations or unethical
business conduct on the part of our businesses, employees, officers, directors, or vendors. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a corporate website at www.blinkcharging.com. Our website s information is not, and will not be deemed, a part of
this Annual Report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act are made available, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our corporate governance documents, including our code of conduct and ethics, are also available on
our website. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference as identified herein certain information from parts of
our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC and will be available, free of
charge, on our website. Reports of our executive officers, directors and any other persons required to file securities ownership
reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are also available on our website. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 

In
addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business as they may have a significant
impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. If any of the following risks occurs, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Because of the following factors,
as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be considered as a reliable
indicator of future performance and stockholders and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in
future periods. 

Relating
to Our Business 

We
have a history of substantial net losses and expect losses to continue in the future; if we do not achieve and sustain profitability,
our financial condition could suffer. 

We
have experienced substantial net losses, and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future. We incurred
net losses of 91.6 million, 55.1 million and 17.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of
December 31, 2022, we had net working capital of approximately 49 million and an accumulated deficit of approximately 334 million.
We have not yet achieved profitability. 

If
our revenue grows slower than we anticipate, or if our operating expenses are higher than we expect, we may not be able to achieve
profitability and our financial condition could suffer. We can give no assurance that we will ever achieve profitable operations.
Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Whether we can
achieve cash flow levels sufficient to support our operations cannot be accurately predicted. While we recently completed an
underwritten public offering raising 100 million in gross proceeds, we may need to borrow additional funds or sell our debt or
equity securities, or some combination of both, to provide funding for our operations in the future. Such additional funding may not be available
on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

13 

Our
revenue growth ultimately depends on consumers willingness to adopt electric vehicles in a market which is still in its early
stages. 

Our
growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of EVs, and we are subject to a risk of any reduced demand for EVs. If the
market for EVs does not gain broader market acceptance or develops slower than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results will be harmed. The market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by
rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent
new vehicle announcements, long development cycles for EV original equipment manufacturers, and changing consumer demands and behaviors.
Factors that may influence the purchase and use of alternative fuel vehicles, specifically EVs, include: 

perceptions
 about EV quality, safety (in particular with respect to lithium-ion battery packs), design, performance and cost, especially if adverse
 events or accidents occur that are linked to the quality or safety of EVs; 

the
 limited range over which EVs may be driven on a single battery charge and concerns about running out of power while in use; 

concerns
regarding the stability of the electrical grid; 

improvements
 in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine; 

consumers 
 desire and ability to purchase a luxury automobile or one that is perceived as exclusive; 

the
 environmental consciousness of consumers; 

volatility
 in the cost of oil and gasoline; 

consumers 
 perceptions of the dependency of the United States on oil from unstable or hostile countries and the impact of international conflicts; 

government
 regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy; 

access
 to charging stations, standardization of EV charging systems and consumers perceptions about convenience and cost to charge
 an EV; and 

the
 availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate EVs or future regulation requiring increased use of
 nonpolluting vehicles. 

The
influence of any of the factors described above may negatively impact the widespread consumer adoption of EVs, which would materially
and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

Changes
to corporate average fuel economy standards may negatively impact the EV market and demand for our products. 

As
regulatory initiatives have required an increase in the consumption of renewable transportation fuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel,
consumer acceptance of electric and other alternative vehicles is increasing. To meet higher fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas emission
standards for passenger vehicles, automobile manufacturers are increasingly using technologies, such as turbocharging, direct injection
and higher compression ratios, which require high octane gasoline. If fuel efficiency of vehicles continues to rise, and affordability
of vehicles using renewable transportation fuels increases, the demand for electric and high energy vehicles could diminish. If consumers
no longer purchase EVs, it would materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

14 

We
are unable to predict the ultimate impact of continuing equipment order delays, chip shortages and presence of COVID-19 on our business
and future results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

The
Covid-19 pandemic has impacted global stock markets, economies and businesses. We continue to receive orders for our products, although
some shipments of equipment have been temporarily delayed. The global chip shortage and supply chain disruption has caused some delays
in equipment orders from our contract manufacturer. As federal, state, local and foreign economies are beginning to return to pre-pandemic
levels, we expect demand for charging station usage to increase; however, we are unable to predict the extent of such recovery due to
the uncertainty of the possible recurrence or spread of Covid-19 and its variants. As a result, we are unable to predict the ultimate
impact that continuing equipment order delays, chip shortages and presence of Covid-19 will have on our business and our future results
of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

War,
terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or man-made disasters may affect the markets in which we operate, our customers, our delivery
of products and customer service, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Our
business may be adversely affected by instability, disruption or destruction in a geographic region in which we operate, regardless of
cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest, and natural or man-made disasters, including famine, flood,
fire, earthquake, storm or pandemic events and spread of disease. Such events may cause customers to suspend their decisions on using
our services, make it impossible for us to render our services, cause restrictions, and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional
and global economic conditions and cycles. These events also pose significant risks to our personnel and to physical facilities and operations,
which could materially adversely affect our financial results. 

Further,
the current Russia-Ukraine conflict has created extreme volatility in the global financial markets and is expected to have further global
economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets and heightened volatility of commodity and
raw material prices. In addition, recently there has been increasing geopolitical tension between China and Taiwan that may affect future
shipments from Taiwan based electronics suppliers for certain of our EV chargers. Any such volatility or disruptions may have adverse
consequences on us or the third parties on whom we rely. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, including as a result of political
unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms,
more costly or more dilutive. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by
any negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or commodity and raw material prices resulting from the conflict in Ukraine,
the recent geopolitical tensions between China and Taiwan or any other geopolitical tensions. 

We
rely on a limited number of vendors for our EV charging equipment and related support services. A loss of any of these partners would
negatively affect our business. 

We
rely on a limited number of vendors for design, testing and manufacturing of EV charging equipment which generally singularly sourced
with respect to components as well as aftermarket maintenance and warranty services. The reliance on a limited number of vendors increases
our risks, since we do not currently have proven reliable alternative or replacement vendors beyond these key parties. In the event of
production interruptions or supply chain disruptions including but not limited to availability of certain key components such as semiconductors,
we may not be able to take advantage of increased production from other sources or develop alternate or secondary vendors without incurring
material additional costs and substantial delays. Therefore, our business would be adversely affected if one or more of our vendors is
impacted by any interruption at a particular location. 

As
the demand for public charging increases, the EV charging equipment vendors may not be able to dedicate sufficient supply chain, production
or sales channel capacity to keep up with the required pace of charging infrastructure expansion. In addition, as the EV market grows,
the industry may be exposed to deteriorating design requirements, undetected faults or the erosion of testing standards by charging equipment
and component suppliers, which may adversely impact the performance, reliability and lifecycle cost of the chargers. If we or our suppliers
experience a significant increase in demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier, we may not be able to supplement service
or replace them on acceptable terms, which may impact our ability to install chargers in a timely manner. Thus, a loss of any significant
vendor would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
may be adversely affected by inflationary or market fluctuations, including impact of tariffs, in the cost of products consumed in providing
our services or our cost of labor. 

The
prices we pay for the principal items we consume in performing our services are dependent primarily on current market prices. We have
consolidated certain supply purchases with national vendors through agreements containing negotiated prospective pricing. In the event
such vendors are not able to comply with their obligations under the agreements and we are required to seek alternative suppliers, we
may incur increased costs of supplies. 

EV
chargers are impacted by commodity pricing factors, including the impact of tariffs, which in many cases are unpredictable and outside
of our control. We seek to pass on to customers such increased costs but sometimes we are unable to do so. Even when we are able to pass
on such costs to our customers, from time to time, sporadic unanticipated increases in the costs of certain supply items due to market
or economic conditions may result in a timing delay in passing on such increases to our customers. This type of spike and unanticipated
increase in EV charger costs could adversely affect our operating performance, and the adverse effect could be greater if we are delayed
in passing on such additional costs to our customers (e.g., where we may not be able to pass such increase on to our customers until
the time of our next scheduled service billing review). We seek to mitigate the impact of an unanticipated increase in such supplies 
costs through consolidation of vendors, which increases our ability to obtain more favorable pricing. 

Our
cost of labor may be influenced by factors in certain market areas. Our hourly employees could be affected by wage rate increases in
the federal or state minimum wage rates, wage inflation or local job market adjustments. We do not have a contractual right to automatically
pass through all wage rate increases resulting from wage rate inflation or local job market adjustments, and we may be delayed in doing
so. Our delay in, or inability to pass such wage increases through to our customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

15 

We
will need additional capital to fund our growing operations but cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain sufficient capital from
potential sources, and we may have to limit the scope of our operations or take actions that may dilute your financial interest. 

We
will need additional capital to fund our growing operations in the future. The proceeds from our recent underwritten public offering
and funds from other potential sources, along with our cash and cash equivalents, may not be sufficient to fund our long-term
operations and we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If adequate additional financing is not available on reasonable
terms or available at all, we may not be able to undertake expansion or continue our marketing efforts and we would have to modify
our business plans accordingly. The extent of our capital needs will depend on numerous factors, including (i) our profitability;
(ii) the release of competitive products and/or services by our competition; (iii) the level of our investment in research and
product development; (iv) the amount of our capital expenditures, including acquisitions; and (v) our growth. We cannot be certain
that additional funding and incremental working capital will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, or that it will
exist in a timely and/or adequate manner to allow for the proper execution of our near and long-term business strategy. If
sufficient funds are not available on terms and conditions acceptable to management and stockholders, we may be required to delay,
reduce the scope of, or eliminate further development of our business operations. 

Even
if we obtain requisite financing, it may be on terms not favorable to us, it may be costly and it may require us to agree to covenants
or other provisions that will favor new investors over existing stockholders or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business.
Additional funding, if obtained, may also result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. 

We
expect that our operating results may be subject to substantial quarterly fluctuations. If our quarterly operating results fall below
the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. We believe that quarterly
comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 

Climate
change may have a long-term impact on our business. 

While
we seek to partner with organizations that mitigate their business risks associated with climate change, we recognize that there are
inherent risks wherever business is conducted. Access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business,
whether for our offices or for our vendors, is a priority. Our major sites in Miami, Florida, Los Angeles, California, Tempe, Arizona,
and Bowie, Maryland are vulnerable to climate change effects. For example, in Florida, residents are facing increasing flood risk and
storm intensity. This is especially evident in Miami, due to its low-lying topography, porous limestone, dense coastal development and
encroaching seas. In California, increasing intensity of drought throughout the state and annual periods of wildfire danger increase
the probability of planned power outages in the communities where we work and live. While this danger has a low-assessed risk of disrupting
normal business operations, it has the potential impact on employees abilities to commute to work or to work from home and stay
connected effectively. Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency of extreme weather events and their impact on critical
infrastructure throughout the United States and in other countries where we have operations, have the potential to disrupt our business,
our third-party suppliers and/or the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional
costs to maintain or resume our EV charging operations. 

Computer
malware, viruses, hacking, phishing attacks and spamming that could result in security and privacy breaches and interruption in service
could harm our business and our customers. 

Computer
malware, viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions could lead to interruption and delays in our services and
operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking and phishing attacks against online networking
platforms have become more prevalent and may occur on our systems in the future. Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our website service
or our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation or brand. Our network
security business disruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses and losses related to direct attacks on our
website or internal systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the
functionality of our services. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption
or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our products and services and technical infrastructure
may harm our reputation, brand and our ability to attract customers. Any significant disruption to our website or internal computer systems
could result in a loss of customers and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We
have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety
of factors, including infrastructure changes, third-party service providers, human or software errors and capacity constraints. If our
mobile application is unavailable when customers attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect, customers may seek
other services. 

Our
platform functions on software that is highly technical and complex and may now or in the future contain undetected errors, bugs, or
vulnerabilities. Some errors in our software code may only be discovered after the code has been deployed. Any errors, bugs or vulnerabilities
discovered in our code after deployment, inability to identify the cause or causes of performance problems within an acceptable period
of time or difficultly maintaining and improving the performance of our platform, particularly during peak usage times, could result
in damage to our reputation or brand, loss of revenues, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and
financial results. 

16 

We
expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform and to enable rapid releases
of new features and products. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems and equipment
as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology,
our business and operating results may be harmed. If we do not make the necessary investments or upgrades to maintain a network capable
of operating on current and future generations of broadband cellular network technology, namely the 4G and 5G systems, our business and
operating results could be adversely impacted. 

We
have a disaster recovery program to transition our operating platform and data to an alternative location in the event of a catastrophe.
However, there are several factors ranging from human error to data corruption that could materially lengthen the time our platform is
partially or fully unavailable to our user base as a result of the transition. If our platform is unavailable for a significant period
of time as a result of such a transition, especially during peak periods, we could suffer damage to our reputation or brand, or loss
of revenues any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Growing
our customer base depends upon the effective operation of our mobile applications with mobile operating systems, networks and standards
that we do not control. 

We
are dependent on the interoperability of our mobile applications with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as
Google s Android and iOS, and any changes in such systems that degrade our products functionality or give preferential treatment
to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our applications on mobile devices. Additionally, to deliver high quality
mobile products, it is important that our products work well with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks and standards that
we do not control. We may not be successful in developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing
products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks or standards. 

If
we are unable to keep up with advances in EV technology, we may suffer a decline in our competitive position. The EV industry is characterized
by rapid technological change. If we are unable to keep up with changes in EV technology, our competitive position may deteriorate which
would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. As technologies change, we
plan to upgrade or adapt our EV charging stations and Blink Networks software in order to continue to provide EV charging services with
the latest technology. However, due to our limited cash resources, our efforts to do so may be limited. Any failure of our charging stations
to compete effectively with other manufacturers charging stations will harm our business, operating results and prospects. 

We
need to manage growth in operations to realize our growth potential and achieve expected revenues; our failure to manage growth could
disrupt our operations and ultimately prevent us from generating the revenues we expect. 

In
order to take advantage of the growth that we anticipate in our current and potential markets, we believe that we must expand our marketing
operations. This expansion will place a significant strain on our management and our operational, accounting, and information systems.
We expect that we will need to continue to improve our financial controls, operating procedures and management information systems. We
will also need to effectively train, motivate and manage our employees. Our failure to manage our growth could disrupt our operations
and ultimately prevent us from generating the revenues we expect. 

In
order to achieve the above-mentioned targets, the general strategies of our company are to maintain and search for hard-working employees
who have innovative initiatives, as well as to keep a close eye on expansion opportunities through merger and/or acquisition. 

We
may be unable to successfully integrate recent acquisitions in a cost-effective and non-disruptive manner. 

Our
success depends on our ability to grow our business and enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing customer
demands, competitive pressures and advances in technologies. We continue to search for viable acquisition candidates or strategic
alliances that would expand our market opportunity and/or global presence. Accordingly, we have previously and may in the future
pursue the acquisition of, investments in or joint ventures relating to, new businesses, products or technologies as a part of our
growth strategy instead of developing them internally. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage the
expanded business following these transactions, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and
associated increased costs and complexity associated with the recent acquisitions of SemaConnect and Electric Blue, as well as future acquisitions.
Other risks involving potential future and completed acquisitions and strategic investments include: 

risks
associated with conducting due diligence; 

problems
 integrating the purchased businesses, products and technologies; 

inability
 to achieve the anticipated synergies and overpaying for acquisitions or unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions; 

invalid
 sales assumptions for potential acquisitions; 

issues
 maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

diversion
 of management s attention from our core business; 

adverse
 effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, distributors and customers; 

risks
 associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; 

potential
 loss of key employees of acquired businesses; and 

increased
 legal, accounting and compliance costs. 

17 

We
compete with other companies for these opportunities, and we may be unable to consummate such acquisitions or joint ventures on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, acquired businesses may have ongoing or potential liabilities, legal claims (including tort
and/or personal injury claims) or adverse operating issues that we fail to discover through due diligence prior to the acquisition. 

Even
if we are aware of such liabilities, claims or issues, we may not be able to accurately estimate the magnitude of the related liabilities
and damages. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of any acquired businesses or properties failed to comply with or otherwise
violated applicable laws or regulations, failed to fulfill their contractual obligations to their customers, or failed to satisfy legal
obligations to employees or third parties, we, as the successor, may be financially responsible for these violations and failures and
may suffer reputational harm or otherwise be adversely affected. Acquisitions also frequently result in the recording of goodwill and
other intangible assets which are subject to potential impairment in the future that could harm our financial results. If we were to
issue additional equity in connection with such acquisitions, this may dilute our stockholders. 

We
have limited insurance coverage for various liabilities and damages, including potential injuries, and such insurance coverage may not
be adequate in a catastrophic situation. 

We
hold employer liability insurance generally covering death or work-related injury of employees. We hold product and general liability
insurance covering certain incidents involving third parties that occur on or in the premises of our company. We maintain business interruption
insurance for key locations. Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover any claim for product liability, damage to our fixed
assets, inventory or employee injuries. Any liability or damage to, or caused by, our facilities or our personnel beyond our insurance
coverage may result in our incurring substantial costs and a diversion of resources. 

Our
future success is largely dependent on the performance and continued service of Michael D. Farkas, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

We
presently depend to a significant extent upon the experience, abilities and continued services of Michael D. Farkas, our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer. Although we have an employment agreement in place with Mr. Farkas that extends to May 28, 2024, which includes
automatic successive one-year renewal terms thereafter if not otherwise timely terminated by either party, the loss of Mr. Farkas 
services for any reason could prove disruptive to our daily operations, require a disproportionate amount of resources and management
attention and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. 

Our
future success also depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Expansion of our business and the management
and operation of our company will require additional managers and employees with industry experience, and our success will be highly
dependent on our ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel and other employees. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to attract or retain highly qualified personnel. As our industry continues to evolve, competition for skilled personnel with
the requisite experience will be significant. This competition may make it more difficult and expensive to attract, hire and retain qualified
managers and employees. 

We
are in a highly competitive EV charging services industry and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete with many of
our competitors which are larger and have greater financial resources. 

We
face strong competition from competitors in the EV charging services industry, including competitors who could duplicate our model. Many
of these competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing and development resources and other capabilities than us. In
addition, there are very few barriers to entry into the market for our services. There can be no assurance, therefore, that any of our
current and future competitors, many of whom may have far greater resources, will not independently develop services that are substantially
equivalent or superior to our services. Therefore, an investment in our company is very risky and speculative due to the competitive
environment in which we may operate. 

18 

Our
competitors may be able to provide customers with different or greater capabilities or benefits than we can provide in areas such as
technical qualifications, past contract performance, geographic presence and driver price. Further, many of our competitors may be able
to utilize substantially greater resources and economies of scale to develop competing products and technologies, divert sales away from
us by winning broader contracts or hire away our employees by offering more lucrative compensation packages. In the event that the market
for EV charging stations expands, we expect that competition will intensify as additional competitors enter the market and current competitors
expand their product lines. In order to secure contracts successfully when competing with larger, well-financed companies, we may be
forced to agree to contractual terms that provide for lower aggregate payments to us over the life of the contract, which could adversely
affect our margins. Our failure to compete effectively with respect to any of these or other factors could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. 

We
have experienced significant customer concentration in recent periods, and our revenue levels would likely decline if any significant
customer failed to purchase product from us at anticipated levels. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no customers that accounted for more than 10 of total revenues. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, sales to a significant customer represented 12 of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2020, sales
to a significant customer represented 25 of total revenue. Our revenue levels would likely decline if any significant customer
failed to purchase product from us at anticipated levels. 

If
a third party asserts that we are infringing upon its intellectual property rights, whether successful or not, it could subject us to
costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses, and our business may be harmed. 

The
EV and EV charging industries are characterized by the existence of many patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets. As we face
increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able to
withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Additionally, although we have acquired from other companies proprietary
technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Intellectual
property infringement claims against us could harm our relationships with our customers, may deter future customers from subscribing
to our services or could expose us to litigation with respect to these claims. Even if we are not a party to any litigation involving
a customer and third party, an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our intellectual
property in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. Any of these results could harm our brand and operating results. 

Any
intellectual property rights claim against us or our customers, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to litigate
or settle and could divert management resources and attention. An adverse determination also could prevent us from offering our services
to our customers and may require that we procure or develop substitute services that do not infringe. 

With
respect to any intellectual property rights claim against us or our customers, we may have to pay damages or stop using technology found
to be in violation of a third party s rights. We may have to seek a license for the technology, which may not be available on reasonable
terms, may significantly increase our operating expenses or require us to restrict our business activities in one or more respects. The
technology also may not be available for license to us at all. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing
technology, which could require significant effort and expense. 

The
success of our business depends in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary information and technology and enforce our intellectual
property rights against third parties. 

We
rely on a combination of patent, copyright, service mark, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and
contractual restrictions, to establish and protect our proprietary rights, all of which provide only limited protection. We cannot assure
you that any patents will issue with respect to our currently pending patent applications, in a manner that gives us the protection that
we seek, if at all, or that any future patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Our currently issued
patents and any patents that may issue in the future with respect to pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently
broad protection or they may not prove to be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. Also, we cannot assure you that any future
service mark registrations will be issued with respect to pending or future applications or that any registered service marks will be
enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. 

We
endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees and contractors and agreements with parties with whom we do business to limit access
to and disclosure of our proprietary information. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of
our technology or the reverse engineering of our technology. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive
to ours or infringe our intellectual property. The enforcement of our intellectual property rights also depends on our legal actions
against these infringers being successful, but we cannot be sure these actions will be successful, even when our rights have been infringed. 

19 

Further,
effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our services
are available over the Internet. In addition, the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of
intellectual property rights in EV-related industries are uncertain and still evolving. 

Risks Related to Legal Matters and Regulations 

Changes
to existing federal, state or international laws or regulations applicable to us could cause an erosion of our current competitive strengths. 

Our
business is subject to a variety of federal, state and international laws and regulations, including those with respect government incentives
promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy, electric vehicles and others. These laws and regulations, and the interpretation
or application of these laws and regulations, could change. Any reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of government subsidies
and economic incentives because of policy changes, fiscal tightening or other reasons may result in diminished revenues from government
sources and diminished demand for our products. In addition, new laws or regulations affecting our business could be enacted. These laws
and regulations are frequently costly to comply with and may divert a significant portion of management s attention. If we fail
to comply with these applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant liabilities which could adversely affect our
business. 

There
are many federal, state and international laws that may affect our business, including measures to regulate EVs and charging systems.
If we fail to comply with these applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant liabilities which could adversely
affect our business. 

There
are a number of significant matters under review and discussion with respect to government regulations which may affect business and/or
harm our customers, and thereby adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition to government and regulatory agency activity, ESG and privacy advocacy groups, the technology industry, and other industries
have established or may establish various new, additional, or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on
technology companies. Customers may expect that we will meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by them
or third parties. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for our solutions
and adversely affect our business. 

Privacy
concerns and laws, or other domestic or foreign regulations, may adversely affect our business. 

We
are currently subject, and/or may in the future be subject, to numerous privacy and data security laws. For example, some U.S. states,
members of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and many other jurisdictions in which we operate have adopted some form of
privacy and data security laws and regulations which impose significant compliance obligations. 

The
European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ),
the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), the Colorado Privacy Act CPA ), and the Connecticut Act Concerning
Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring CDPA exemplify the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory
environment related to personal data. Management s attention may be diverted, and our compliance costs and potential liability may increase
as a result of additional national and international regulatory requirements related to data privacy and data security. 

Failure
to comply with anticorruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the FCPA and similar laws associated with activities outside
of the United States, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
are subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act,
the Anti-Bribery Act, and possibly other anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which it conducts activities. It
faces significant risks if it fails to comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws that prohibit companies and their employees
and third-party intermediaries from promising, authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits
to foreign government officials, political parties and private-sector recipients for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business,
directing business to any person or securing any advantage. Any violation of the FCPA, other applicable anti-corruption laws, and anti-money
laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, or severe
criminal or civil sanctions, which could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results, and prospects.
In addition, ensuring compliance may be costly and time-consuming, and responding to any enforcement action may result in a significant
diversion of management s attention and resources, significant defense costs, and other professional fees. 

Existing
and future environmental health and safety laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs
or construction costs and restrictions. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations may result in substantial fines or other limitations
that may adversely impact our financial results or the results of operation. 

Blink
and its operations, as well as those of its contractors, suppliers, and customers, are subject to certain environmental laws and regulations,
including laws related to the use, handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes as well as electronic
wastes and hardware, whether hazardous or not. These laws may require us or others in our value chain to obtain permits and comply with
procedures that impose various restrictions and obligations that may have material effects on our operations. If key permits and approvals
cannot be obtained on acceptable terms, or if other operational requirements cannot be met in a manner satisfactory for our operations
or on a timeline that meets our commercial obligations, it may adversely impact our business. 

Environmental
and health and safety laws and regulations can be complex and may be subject to change, such as through new requirements enacted at the
supranational, national, sub-national, and/or local level or new or modified regulations that may be implemented under existing law.
The nature and extent of any changes in these laws, rules, regulations, and permits may be unpredictable and may have material effects
on our business. Future legislation and regulations or changes in existing legislation and regulations, or interpretations thereof, including
those relating to hardware manufacturing, electronic waste, or batteries, could cause additional expenditures, restrictions, and delays
in connection with our operations as well as other future projects, the extent of which cannot be predicted. 

Further, we currently rely on third parties
to ensure compliance with certain environmental laws, including those related to the disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.
Any failure to properly handle or dispose of such wastes, regardless of whether such failure is Blink s or its contractors, may
result in liability under environmental laws, including, but not limited to, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act CERCLA ), under which liability may be imposed without regard to fault or degree of contribution for the
investigation and clean-up of contaminated sites, as well as impacts to human health and damages to natural resources. Additionally,
we may not be able to secure contracts with third parties to continue their key supply chain and disposal services for our business,
which may result in increased costs for compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 

The
enactment of legislation implementing changes in tax legislation or policies in different geographic jurisdictions including the United
States and several European countries could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. Our consolidated effective income tax rate could be
materially adversely affected by several factors, including: changing tax laws, regulations and treaties, or the interpretation thereof
(such as the United States Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 which, among other changes, introduced a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain
United States corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain stock redemptions by United States corporations); tax policy initiatives and
reforms under consideration (such as those related to the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development s OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or BEPS, project, the European Commission s state aid investigations and other initiatives);
the practices of tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations
and any related interest or penalties. Such changes may include (but are not limited to) the taxation of operating income, investment
income, dividends received or (in the specific context of withholding tax) dividends, royalties and interest paid. 

We
are unable to predict what tax reforms may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business,
but such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies or practices in jurisdictions in which we
operate, could increase the estimated tax liability that we have expensed to date and paid or accrued on our Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position, and otherwise affect our future results of operations, cash flows in a particular period and overall or effective
tax rates in the future in countries where we have operations, reduce post-tax returns to our shareholders and increase the complexity,
burden and cost of tax compliance. 

Our
failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our ability to report
our financial results on a timely and accurate basis. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, we identified IT deficiencies relating to change management and the restriction of access to a sub-system
at a subsidiary. Fiscal 2022 was the initial year that this subsidiary was subjected to testing its internal controls over financial reporting.
Further, we did not detect a miscalculation of a certain non-cash share-based compensation transaction which management views as an isolated
occurrence. These deficiencies, individually or in the aggregate, combined with inadequate compensating controls, created a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements might not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
We expect to remediate these control deficiencies during 2023. 

As disclosed under Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, management concluded that a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting existed as of December 31, 2021. We identified certain design deficiencies in our management and analytical review controls associated with the financial close, revenue and inventory processes. During 2022, we completed the remediation measures related to this material weakness as of December 31, 2022. 

Our
failure to maintain appropriate and effective internal controls over our financial reporting could result in misstatements in our financial
statements and potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities and could cause us to
delay the filing of required reports with the SEC and our reporting of financial results. Any of these events could result in a decline
in the market price of our common stock. Although we have taken steps to maintain our internal control structure as required, we cannot
guarantee that a control deficiency will not result in a misstatement in the future. See Item 9A Controls
and Procedures Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
for further information on material weaknesses. 

20 

If
our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and
on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as discussed under Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our consolidated
financial statements included herein. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant
assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, allowance
for doubtful accounts, inventory reserves, impairment of goodwill, indefinite-lived and long-lived assets, pension and other post-retirement
benefits, product warranty, valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, valuation of common stock warrants, and share-based compensation.
Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ
from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and
investors, resulting in a decline in the price of our common stock. 

Risks
Associated with Our Securities 

Our
common stock price fluctuated significantly in 2022 and is likely to continue to fluctuate from its current level in 2023. 

The
market price of shares of our common stock fluctuated significantly in
2022 and is likely to continue to fluctuate from its current level in 2023. During 2022 and through December 31, 2022, for example, the
market closing price of our shares ranged from a low of 10.01 per share to a high of 29.29 per share and, as of March 10, 2023, our stock
price was 7.92 per share. Future announcements concerning the introduction of new products, services or technologies or changes in product
pricing policies by us or our competitors or changes in earnings estimates by analysts, among other factors, could cause the market price
of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. Also, stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume volatility in the last year.
This volatility has had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many public companies for reasons frequently unrelated
to the operating performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may also cause declines in the market price of
our common stock. Investors seeking short-term liquidity should be aware that we cannot assure that our stock price will increase to previously
higher levels. 

A
possible short squeeze due to a sudden increase in demand of our common stock that largely exceeds supply may lead to further
price volatility in our common stock. 

Investors
may purchase shares of our common stock to hedge existing exposure in our common stock or to speculate on the price of our common stock.
Speculation on the price of our common stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the
number of shares of our common stock available for purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium
to repurchase our common stock for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the
price of our common stock until investors with short exposure are able to purchase additional shares of common stock to cover their short
position. This is often referred to as a short squeeze. A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in shares
of our common stock that are not directly correlated to the performance or prospects of our company and once investors purchase the shares
necessary to cover their short position the price of our common stock may decline. We believe that the recent volatility in our common
stock may be due, in part, to short squeezes that may be temporarily increasing the price of our common stock, which could result in
a loss of some or all of your investment in our common stock. 

We
have a number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants and stock options, and an ATM common
stock program in place; the issuance of such shares could have a significant dilutive impact on our stockholders. 

As of March 10, 2023, we had outstanding warrants to purchase 1,164,793 shares of common stock and stock options to purchase 1,060,535
shares of common stock. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue up to 500 million shares of common stock, which would permit
us to issue up to an additional approximately 405 million authorized, unissued shares of common stock, after giving effect to the approximate
number of shares of common stock currently outstanding and the number of shares reserved for issuance under warrants and stock options
We also have an at-the-market ATM program in place pursuant to which we may issue up to 250 million of our common stock
from time to time in the public markets and have reserved shares of common stock for this purpose. Accordingly, we have the ability to
issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock in the future, which would dilute the percentage ownership held by existing
stockholders. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
If there are more shares of common stock offered for sale than buyers are willing to purchase, then the market price of our common stock
may decline to a market price at which buyers are willing to purchase the offered shares of common stock and sellers remain willing to
sell the shares. 

21 

Our
executive officers and directors, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and his affiliates, concentrated insider
ownership of our common stock, which will limit your influence on corporate matters. 

As of March 10, 2023, our directors and executive officers collectively beneficially owned approximately 15 of our
outstanding shares of common stock, including the beneficial ownership of Michael D. Farkas and his affiliates of approximately 12 of
our outstanding shares of common stock. 

As
a result, our insiders have the ability to influence our management and affairs through the election and removal of our
Board and all other matters requiring stockholder approval, including any future merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets. This concentrated voting power could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change-of-control
transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. Further, this concentrated insider ownership will limit the practical effect
of your influence over our business and affairs, through any stockholder vote or otherwise. Any of these effects could depress the price
of our common stock. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation grant our board the power to issue additional shares of common and preferred stock and to designate additional
series of preferred stock, all without stockholder approval. 

We
are authorized to issue 540,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 40,000,000 shares are authorized as preferred stock. Our Board,
without any action by our stockholders, may designate and issue shares of preferred stock in such series as it deems appropriate and
establish the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, including dividends, liquidation and voting rights, provided it is consistent
with Nevada law. 

The
rights of holders of our preferred stock that may be issued could be superior to the rights of holders of our shares of common stock.
The designation and issuance of shares of capital stock having preferential rights could adversely affect other rights appurtenant to
shares of our common stock. Further, any issuances of additional stock (common or preferred) will dilute the percentage of ownership
interest of then-current holders of our capital stock and may dilute our book value per share. 

Certain
provisions of our corporate governing documents and Nevada law could discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition at a premium
price. 

Certain
provisions of our organizational documents and Nevada law could discourage potential acquisition proposals, delay or prevent a change
in control of our company, or limit the price that investors may be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. For
example, our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws permit us to issue, without any further vote or action by stockholders, up to 40,000,000
shares of preferred stock in one or more series and, with respect to each series, to fix the number of shares constituting the series
and the designation of the series, the voting powers (if any) of the shares of the series, and the preferences and relative, participating,
optional, and other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the shares of the series. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research reports
about our business, our share price and/or trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will, to some extent, depend on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us from time to time
should downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our business prospects, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 

Our
business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders, and such activism could impact the trading value
of our securities. 

Shareholders
may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert
influence on our Board of Directors and management. Activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction or seek
changes in the composition of our Board of Directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A
proxy contest would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses and administrative and associated
costs and require significant time and attention by our Board of Directors and management, diverting their attention from the pursuit
of our business strategy. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our strategy,
or changes to the composition of our Board of Directors or senior management team arising from a proxy contest could lead to the perception
of a change in the direction of our business or instability which may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, make it
more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives, or limit our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners,
any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If individuals are ultimately elected to our Board of Directors
with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value
for our shareholders. We may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of a proxy contest or matters arising
from a proxy contest, which would serve as a further distraction to our Board of Directors and management and would require us to incur
significant additional costs. In addition, actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price
based upon temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and
prospects of our business. 

22 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, and you must rely on increases in the market price
of our common stock for returns on your investment. 

For
the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, stockholders and investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their common
stock after price appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Stockholders and investors seeking cash dividends
should not purchase our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and
will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other
factors the Board deems relevant. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES.

We
maintain our principal executive offices and international headquarters at 605 Lincoln Road, 5 th Floor, Miami Beach,
Florida 33139. 

These
offices consist of approximately 10,000 square feet of owned condominium space. 

In
addition, we lease office spaces in Tempe, Arizona; Bowie, Maryland; Los Angeles, California; Amsterdam, the Netherlands; Antwerp, Belgium;
St Albans, England; Israel; and India (Delhi and Bangalore), from which we operate our current business. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

We
have been party to certain legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business and have been incidental to our
business. Certain of the claims that have been made against us allege, among other things, breach of contract or breach of express and
implied warranties with regard to our products. Although litigation is inherently uncertain, and we believe we are insured against many
such instances, based on past experience and the information currently available, management does not believe that any currently pending
and threatened litigation or claims will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations.
However, future events or circumstances, currently unknown to management, will determine whether the resolution of pending or threatened
litigation or claims will ultimately have a material effect on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations in any future
reporting periods. 

On
August 24, 2020, a purported securities class action lawsuit, captioned Bush v. Blink Charging Co. et al., Case No. 20-cv-23527, was
filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida against the Company, Michael Farkas (Blink s
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer), and Michael Rama (Blink s Chief Financial Officer) (the Bush
Lawsuit ). On September 1, 2020, another purported securities class action lawsuit, captioned Vittoria v. Blink Charging Co.
et al., Case No. 20-cv-23643, was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida against the same
defendants and seeking to recover the same alleged damages (the Vittoria Lawsuit ). On October 1, 2020, the court
consolidated the Vittoria Lawsuit with the Bush Lawsuit and on December 21, 2020 the court appointed Tianyou Wu, Alexander Yu and H.
Marc Joseph to serve as the Co-Lead Plaintiffs. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint on February 19, 2021. The Amended
Complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants made false or misleading statements about the size and functionality of
the Blink Network and asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Amended Complaint
does not quantify damages but seeks to recover damages on behalf of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Blink s
common stock between March 6, 2020 and August 19, 2020. On April 20, 2021, Blink and the other defendants filed a motion to dismiss
the Amended Complaint, which has now been fully briefed and is ready for review. On April 7, 2022, the court held oral argument on
the motion to dismiss but did not issue a decision. The Company wholly and completely disputes the allegations therein. The Company
has retained legal counsel in order to defend the action vigorously. The Company has not recorded an accrual related to this matter
as of December 31, 2022 as it determined that any such loss contingency was either not probable or estimable. 

On
September 15, 2020, a shareholder derivative lawsuit, captioned Klein (derivatively on behalf of Blink Charging Co.) v. Farkas et al.,
Case No. 20- 19815CA01, was filed in Miami-Dade County Circuit Court seeking to pursue claims belonging to the Company against Blink s
Board of Directors and Michael Rama (the Klein Lawsuit ). Blink is named as a nominal defendant. The Klein Lawsuit asserts
that the Director defendants caused Blink to make the statements that are at issue in the securities class action and, as a result, the
Company will incur costs defending against the consolidated Bush Lawsuit and other unidentified investigations. The Klein Lawsuit asserts
claims against the Director defendants for breach of fiduciary duties and corporate waste and against all of the defendants for unjust
enrichment. Klein did not quantify the alleged damages in his complaint, but he seeks damages sustained by the Company as a result of
the defendants breaches of fiduciary duties, corporate governance changes, restitution, and disgorgement of profits from the defendants
and attorneys fees and other litigation expenses. The parties agreed to temporarily stay the Klein Lawsuit until there is a ruling
on the motion to dismiss filed in the consolidated Bush Lawsuit. On June 17, 2022, the court substituted the executrix of Klein s
estate as the plaintiff. The Company has not recorded an accrual related to this matter as of December 31, 2022 as it determined that
any such loss contingency was either not probable or estimable. 

23 

On
December 23, 2020, another shareholder derivative action, captioned Bhatia (derivatively on behalf of Blink Charging Co.) v. Farkas et
al., Case No. 20-27632CA01, was filed in Miami-Dade County Circuit Court against the same defendants sued in the Klein Lawsuit and asserting
similar claims, as well as additional claims relating to the Company s nomination, appointment and hiring of minorities and women
and the Company s decision to retain its outside auditor (the Bhatia Lawsuit ). On February 17, 2021, the parties
agreed to consolidate the Klein and Bhatia actions, which the court consolidated under the caption In re Blink Charging Company Stockholder
Derivative Litigation, Lead Case No. 2020-019815-CA-01. The parties also agreed to keep in place the temporary stay. The court subsequently
vacated the consolidation order and explained the parties should first file a motion to transfer, which the parties have done. On June
22, 2022, the court re-consolidated the Klein and Bhatia actions and reinstated the temporary stay. The Company wholly and completely
disputes the allegations therein. The Company has retained legal counsel in order to defend the action vigorously. The Company has not
recorded an accrual related to this matter as of December 31, 2022 as it determined that any such loss contingency was either not probable
or estimable. 

On
February 7, 2022, another shareholder derivative lawsuit, captioned McCauley (derivatively on behalf of Blink Charging Co.) v. Farkas
et al., Case No. A-22-847894-C, was filed in the Eighth Judicial District Court in Clark County, Nevada, seeking to pursue claims belonging
to the Company against six of Blink s directors and Michael Rama (the McCauley Lawsuit ). Blink is named as a nominal
defendant. The complaint filed in the McCauley Lawsuit asserts similar allegations to the Klein Lawsuit relating to the statements at
issue in the securities class action and asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment. The McCauley Lawsuit seeks
both injunctive and monetary relief from the individual defendants, as well as an award of attorneys fees and costs. On March
29, 2022, the Nevada court approved the parties stipulation to temporarily stay the McCauley Lawsuit until there is a ruling on
the motion to dismiss filed in the consolidated Bush Lawsuit. The Company has not recorded an accrual related to this matter as of December
31, 2022 as it determined that any such loss contingency was either not probable or estimable. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

24 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
shares of common stock are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BLNK. 

 Our warrants to purchase common stock that were previously traded on The Nasdaq under the symbol BLNKW expired by their
terms on February 16, 2023, and were removed from trading. The remaining outstanding warrants on the expiration date were automatically
exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to the terms of the warrants into 359,554 shares of our common stock. 

Security
Holders 

As
of March 10, 2023, we had approximately 393 stockholders of record and a greater number of beneficial holders for whom shares are
held in a nominee or street name. 

The
closing price of our common stock on March 10, 2023 was 7.92 per share, as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future
earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any
future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial
condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, contractual limitations and other factors that our
Board may deem relevant. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial
statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This section generally discusses the results of our operations for the
year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021
compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which
was filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that
involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. See
 Forward-Looking Statements. 

At
Blink Charging, our highest priority remains the safety, health and well-being of our employees, their families and our communities and
we remain committed to serving the needs of our customers and business partners. The Covid-19 pandemic is a highly fluid situation and
it is not currently possible for us to reasonably estimate the impact it may have on our financial and operating results. We will continue
to evaluate the impact of the ongoing presence of Covid-19 and multiple Covid-19 variants on our business as we learn more and the impact
of Covid-19 on our industry becomes clearer. 

Any
one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences, could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking
statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from
those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise. 

U.S.
dollars are reported in thousands except for share and per share amounts 

25 

Overview 

We
are a leading manufacturer, owner, operator and provider of electric vehicle EV charging equipment and networked EV
charging services in the rapidly growing U.S. and international markets for EVs. Blink offers residential and commercial EV charging
equipment and services, enabling EV drivers to recharge at various location types. Blink s principal line of products and
services is its nationwide Blink EV charging networks (the Blink Networks and Blink EV charging equipment, also known
as electric vehicle supply equipment EVSE and other EV-related services. The Blink Networks are a proprietary,
cloud-based system that operates, maintains, and manages Blink charging stations and handles the associated charging data, back-end
operations, and payment processing. The Blink Networks provide property owners, managers, parking companies, and state and municipal
entities Property Partners ), among other types of commercial customers, with cloud-based services that enable the
remote monitoring and management of EV charging stations. The Blink Networks also provide EV drivers with vital station information,
including station location, availability and fees (as applicable). 

In
order to capture more revenues derived from providing EV charging equipment to commercial customers and to help differentiate Blink in
the EV infrastructure market, Blink offers Property Partners a comprehensive range of solutions for EV charging equipment and services
that generally fall into one of the business models below, differentiated by who bears the costs of installation, equipment, maintenance,
and the percentage of revenue shared. 

In
 our Blink-owned turnkey business model, we incur the costs of the charging equipment and installation. We own and operate
 the EV charging station and provide connectivity of the charging station to the Blink Networks. In this model, which favors recurring
 revenues, we incur most costs associated with the EV charging stations; thus, we retain substantially all EV charging revenues
 after deducting network connectivity and processing fees. Typically,
 our agreement with the Property Partner lasts seven years with extensions that can bring it to a total of up to 21 years. 

In
 our Blink-owned hybrid business model, we incur the costs of the charging equipment while the Property Partner incurs
 the costs of installation. We own and operate the EV charging station and provide connectivity to the Blink Networks. In this model,
 the Property Partner incurs the installation costs associated with the EV station; thus,
 we share a more generous portion of the EV charging revenues with the Property Partner generated from the EV charging station
 after deducting network connectivity and processing fees. Typically, our agreement with the Property Partner lasts 5 years with
 extensions that can bring it up to 15 years. 

In
 our host-owned business model, the Property Partner purchases, owns and operates the Blink EV charging station and incurs
 the installation costs. We work with the Property Partner by providing site recommendations, connectivity to the Blink Networks,
 payment processing, and optional maintenance services. In this model, the Property Partner retains and keeps all the EV charging
 revenues after deducting network connectivity and processing fees. 

In
 our Blink-as-a-Service model, we own and operate the EV charging station, while the Property Partner incurs the installation
 costs. The Property Partner pays us a fixed monthly fee for the service and keeps all the EV charging revenues after deducting network connectivity and processing fees. Typically,
 our agreement with the Property owner lasts 5 years. 

We
also own and operate a ride-sharing program through our wholly owned subsidiary, BlueLA Rideshare, LLC BlueLA ), with
the City of Los Angeles. This program allows customers the ability to rent electric vehicles through a subscription service and charge those
cars through our charging stations. 

As
part of our mission to facilitate the adoption of EVs through the deployment and operation of EV charging infrastructure globally,
we are dedicated to slowing climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions caused by road vehicles. With the goal of being a leader in the
build out of EV charging infrastructure and of maximizing our share of the EV charging market, we have established strategic
commercial, municipal and retail partnerships across industry verticals and encompassing numerous transit/destination locations, including
airports, auto dealers, healthcare/medical, hotels, mixed-use, municipal sites, multifamily residential and condos, parks and recreation
areas, parking lots, religious institutions, restaurants, retailers, schools and universities, stadiums, supermarkets, transportation
hubs, and workplace locations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we sold or deployed 66,478 chargers, of which 50,167 were in Blink s Networks (31,320 Level 2 publicly
accessible commercial chargers, 17,613 Level 2 private commercial chargers, 199 DC Fast Charging EV publicly accessible chargers,
116 DC Fast Charging EV private chargers, and 919 residential Level 2 Blink EV chargers, inclusive of 4,802 chargers pending to be
commissioned). Included in the Blink Networks are 4,851 chargers owned by us. The remaining 16,478 were non-networked, on
other networks or international sales or deployments (937 Level 2 commercial chargers, 151 DC Fast Charging chargers, 11,611
residential Level 2 Blink EV chargers, 2,311 sold to other U.S. networks, 1,221 sold internationally and 80 deployed internationally).
The charger units noted above are net of swap-out or replacement units. 

As
reflected in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 36,562, working capital of
 48,962 and an accumulated deficit of 334,030. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred net losses of
 91,560, 55,119 and 17,846, respectively. We have not yet achieved profitability. 

26 

Recent
Developments 

February
2023 Underwritten Public Offering 

In
February 2023, we completed an underwritten registered public offering of 8,333,333 shares of our common stock at a public offering
price of 12.00 per share. We received approximately 100,000 in gross proceeds from the public offering, and approximately 95,000
in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses paid by us. In addition, the underwriters have a
30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,249,999 shares of common stock from us at the public offering price, less the
underwriting discounts and commissions. The public offering was made pursuant to our automatic shelf registration statement on Form
S-3 ASR filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021, and prospectus supplement dated February 8, 2023. Barclays acted as the sole
book-running manager for the offering. H.C. Wainwright Co., Roth Capital Partners and ThinkEquity acted as co-managers for the
offering. 

2022
Acquisitions 

SemaConnect 

On
June 15, 2022, we completed the acquisition of SemaConnect, Inc., a Delaware corporation SemaConnect pursuant
to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 13, 2022 Acquisition Agreement ), by and among our company, Blink
Sub I Corp., Blink Sub II LLC, SemaConnect and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (solely in its capacity as the stockholders 
representative). Following the closing of the acquisition, SemaConnect became a wholly owned subsidiary of our company. SemaConnect is
a leading provider of EV charging infrastructure solutions in North America. 

The
aggregate purchase price was 200,573, which included excess working capital of 1,229 and closing date cash of 3,639. The consideration
paid in the acquisition consisted of: (a) 86,736 in cash, (i) of which 46,136 was paid at the closing of the Acquisition Agreement Closing and (ii) the remaining 40,600 is payable (bearing interest at 7 until not earlier than nine months following
the Closing and not later than three years following the Closing; and (b) 7,454,975 shares of our common stock with a
fair value of 113,837. Included in the cash consideration was 8,103 related to payments due to stock option holders of SemaConnect.
Subsequent to the closing of the acquisition, payments to the stock option holder were made after the stock option holder signed an option
cash-out agreement. 

Electric
Blue Limited 

On
April 22, 2022, pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2022, we acquired, through our Dutch subsidiary, Blink
Holdings B.V., all of the outstanding capital stock of Electric Blue Limited, a private company limited by shares and registered in England
and Wales EB ), from its shareholders. Headquartered in St. Albans, United Kingdom, EB is a leading provider of electric
vehicle charging and sustainable energy solutions and technologies. EB works with local authorities and businesses to create the infrastructure
the United Kingdom needs to meet the 2050 net zero emissions target and prepare for the 2030 ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel
cars and vans. 

The
fair value purchase price for the acquisition of all of EB s outstanding capital stock was 19,317, consisting of 12,651 in cash,
152,803 shares of our common stock with a fair value of 2,852, plus the contingent consideration described in the following
paragraph. 

In
addition, provided EB reaches specified gross revenue or new EV charger installation targets over the three years post-closing, we
also agreed to issue up to approximately 6,400 in additional shares of our common stock to EB shareholders (the Contingent
Consideration ). The Contingent Consideration was recorded at an estimated fair value of 3,814. As of December 31, 2022, the
estimated fair value of the Contingent Consideration was 1,316. Of the purchase price to be issued to the EB shareholders at
closing, approximately 650 in cash and 25,466 shares of common stock are being held in escrow accounts for periods of 12 months
(cash escrow) and 18 months (stock escrow), respectively, following the closing to cover any losses or damages we may incur by
reason of, among other things, any misrepresentation or breach of warranty by EB under the Sale and Purchase Agreement. 

At-the-Market
Offering 

On
September 2, 2022, we entered into a Sales Agreement Sales Agreement with Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc.,
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., ThinkEquity LLC, H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Agents to conduct an at-the-market (ATM) equity offering program pursuant to which we may issue and sell from time to time shares
of our common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 250,000 through the Agents, as our sales agents (the
 ATM ). 

27 

Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Agents will use their commercially reasonable efforts to sell shares of our common
stock from time to time, based upon our instructions. We have no obligation to sell any of the shares and may at any time suspend sales
under the Sales Agreement or terminate the Sales Agreement in accordance with its terms. We have provided the Agents with customary indemnification
rights, and the Agents will be entitled to an aggregate fixed commission of up to 3 of the gross proceeds from shares sold. The shares
are being offered pursuant to the Sales Agreement under our automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR and a prospectus supplement filed with SEC on January 6, 2021 and September 2, 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 558,721 shares have been sold
pursuant to the ATM program, representing gross proceeds of approximately 7,697. 

We
currently anticipate using the net proceeds from the sale of our shares of common stock under the ATM program to supplement our operating
cash flows to fund EV charging station deployment and our acquisition growth plan. We also plan to use any remaining proceeds we receive
for working capital and other corporate purposes. The amounts and timing of our use of the net proceeds will depend on a number of factors,
such as the timing and progress of our EV charging station deployment efforts, the timing and progress of any partnering and collaboration
efforts and technological advances. 

New
Product and Service Offerings 

In
January 2023, we announced the new products which included the Vision, EQ 200, Series 3, PQ 150, and 30kW DC Fast Charger, which are
designed to serve the increasing demands of the growing EV markets across the U.S., Europe, Asia and Latin America. 

The
reimagined Vision is designed as a two-in-one solution to attract and captivate drivers and provide site hosts and advertisers an innovative
media solution. With a newly designed 55 LCD screen capable of displaying static and dynamic advertising, the Vision is the ideal
point-of-charge advertising solution with two 80 amp, 19.2kW ports that can charge simultaneously. The Vision offers easy payment via
RFID, Apple Pay, Google Wallet, and all major credit cards. Additional features include cloud connectivity via built-in 4G LTE signal,
retractable cable management and dual cable configurations with two universal J1772 plugs and a built-in camera for additional security.
Site owners can benefit from charging and advertising revenue share models for this product. 

The
EQ 200 is an intelligent, affordable, and scalable charging solution designed for European and South American markets. Offering up to
22kW of power and an innovative modular design, this product fits any location and can be tailored to the specific needs of market segments.
The EQ 200 is prepared for the future by supporting technologies like ISO-15118, OCPP 2.0, and bi-directional charging, also known as
Vehicle-to-Grid (V2G). The charger also offers customization and rebranding options available to fit each user s needs. 

The
Series 3 is a flexible and versatile EV charging solution designed for both two- and three-wheeler EVs. Designed for the APAC and Latin
American markets, the Series 3 provides up to 15 amps of output in a compact form, making it ideal for installation at small shops and
residential and commercial parking areas. Its built-in electric metering allows customers to manage electricity costs with an intuitive,
smart network connection. Further, up to 45 charging points can be connected with a single communication gateway. 

The
PQ 150 is a smart charging cable designed for residential charging in European markets. Offering up to 22kW of power, the PQ 150 is simple
and easy-to-use with no installation necessary and provides the highest safety level on the market today. With Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and optional
SIM/GSM GPS functionality, this product offers advanced technology in a simple, sleek design. 

The
Series 9 30kW DC Fast Charger is our latest solution for fast charging across global markets. A small footprint charging station
designed for speed and flexibility, this product was designed to quickly charge tomorrow s EVs today and offers the perfect
balance of size and power, providing up to 100 amps and 1,000 volts of output. A 7-inch LCD touchscreen display provides drivers
with an intuitive charging process and the charger integrates with the newly redesigned Blink Networks over a Wi-Fi, ethernet, or 4G
connection, offering high-performance, compatibility, and remote monitoring. 

Letter
of Intent and Loan 

On
April 19, 2022, we signed a non-binding letter of intent with a U.S. privately-held company (the Target providing
for the possible purchase by us of all of the outstanding shares of the Target from its shareholders in consideration for cash,
a note and, under certain circumstances, shares of common stock of a subsidiary of our company or, if such subsidiary s shares
are not publicly- traded, common stock of our company. In addition, in the letter of intent, our company agreed to extend a loan of 1,250
to the Target (the Initial Loan ), of which 1,000 was loaned by us during the second quarter of 2022 and 250
was loaned in July 2022 pursuant to a 6 Secured Convertible Promissory Note signed by the Target. Under the terms of the Initial Loan,
if we proceed with the possible stock purchase of the Target, the principal and accrued interest amount under the Initial Loan
will be deducted from the cash consideration paid to the Target s shareholders at closing. If, however, we determine
not to proceed with the possible stock purchase of the Target, the Initial Loan will continue to accrue 6 interest per annum, and mature
on the earliest of (i) a Change of Control (as defined in such note); (ii) the closing of the next investment round by
the Target; (iii) an Event of Default (as defined in such note); or (iv) May 1, 2027. 

28 

On September 22, 2022, the Company signed a letter agreement concerning the extension of the development work that
the Target was performing for a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Subsidiary under a Master Service Agreement
that was executed on April 29, 2022 (the Letter Agreement ). Under the Letter Agreement, the Company agreed to extend additional
loans to the Target to enable it to expand the development work and to expedite the delivery of the development outcomes (the Product to the Subsidiary. In addition, the Company extended to the Target additional funding of 350 for hiring additional developers and an
additional 600 to support the Target s operations until the development work is finalized and accepted by the Company. The total
amount of the loans is 950 (the Development Loan ), which had been loaned to the Target as of December 31, 2022. The Development
Loan was made pursuant to a 6 Grid Secured Convertible Promissory Note and an additional letter agreement, dated September 22, 2022,
signed by the Target with terms and conditions similar to those of the Initial Loan (the Grid Note ). The Development Loan
has additional terms which provide that the Company may forfeit the Development Loan if the Target timely delivers the Product and the
Company fails to close the acquisition of the Target shortly thereafter. If, however, the Target fails to complete the development work
on time, the Company will not be obligated to close the acquisition of the Target and the entire Development Loan will be payable to the
Company under the same terms of the Initial Loan. 

Note
on Covid-19 and Current Economic Conditions 

The
Covid-19 pandemic has impacted global stock markets and economies. We closely monitor the impact of the continuing presence of Covid-19
and recently identified variants of Covid-19 which appear to be more transmissible and contagious than previous Covid-19 variants and
have caused an increase in the number of Covid-19 cases globally. We have taken and continue to take precautions to ensure the safety
of our employees, customers and business partners, while assuring business continuity and reliable service and support to our customers.
We continue to receive orders for our products, although some shipments of equipment have been temporarily delayed. The global chip shortage
and supply chain disruption has caused some delays in equipment orders from our contract manufacturer. As federal, state and local economies
have reopened and returns to pre-pandemic levels, we expect demand for charging station usage to increase, however, we are unable to
predict the extent of such recovery due to the uncertainty of Covid-19. Additionally, other recent macroeconomic events including rising
inflation, slowing economic growth, changes in U.S. and foreign government monetary policies, supply chain disruptions, fluctuations
in currency exchange rates and the Russian invasion of Ukraine have led to further economic uncertainty. As a result, we are unable to
predict the ultimate impact of equipment order delays, chip shortage, the impact of other economic conditions and continuous presence
of Covid-19 will have on our business, future results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We intend to continue to monitor
the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and other global economic factors on our business closely. For a further discussion of the risks,
uncertainties and actions taken in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Key
Factors Affecting Operating Results 

We
believe our performance and future success depend on several factors, including those discussed below: 

Competition
 - The EV charging equipment and service market is highly competitive, and we expect the market to become increasingly competitive
as new entrants enter this growing market. Our products and services compete on product performance and features, the total cost of ownership,
sales capabilities, financial stability, brand recognition, product reliability, and the installed base s size. Existing competitors
may expand their product offerings and sales strategies, and new competitors may enter the market. If our market share decreases due
to increased competition, its revenue and ability to generate profits in the future may be impacted. 

Growth
 - Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of EVs, and we are subject to a risk of any reduced demand for EVs.
The market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition,
additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements, long development cycles
for EV original equipment manufacturers, and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Factors that may influence the purchase and use
of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically EVs, include perceptions about EV quality, safety (in particular with respect to lithium-ion
battery packs), design, performance and cost; the limited range over which EVs may be driven on a single battery charge and concerns
about running out of power while in use; improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine; consumers desire
and ability to purchase a luxury automobile or one that is perceived as exclusive; the environmental consciousness of consumers; volatility
in the cost of oil and gasoline; consumers perceptions of the dependency of the United States on oil from unstable or hostile
countries and the impact of international conflicts; government regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate
forms of energy; access to charging stations, standardization of EV charging systems and consumers perceptions about convenience
and cost to charge an EV; and the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate EVs or future regulation
requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles. If the market for EVs does not gain broad market acceptance or develops slower than
we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 

Regulations
- Our business is subject to a variety of federal, state and international laws and regulations, including those with respect government
incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy, electric vehicles and others. These laws and regulations, and the
interpretation or application of these laws and regulations, could change. Any reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of
government subsidies and economic incentives because of policy changes, fiscal tightening or other reasons may result in diminished revenues
from government sources and diminished demand for our products. In addition, new laws or regulations affecting our business could be
enacted. These laws and regulations are frequently costly to comply with and may divert a significant portion of management s attention.
Changes to these applicable laws or regulations could affect business and/or harm our customers, thereby adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Expansion
through Acquisitions - We may pursue strategic domestic and international acquisitions to expand our operations. Risks in acquisition
transactions include difficulties in the integration of acquired businesses into our operations and control environment, difficulties
in assimilating and retaining employees and intermediaries, difficulties in retaining the existing clients of the acquired entities,
assumed or unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with the acquired businesses, the failure of counterparties to satisfy any
obligations to indemnify us against liabilities arising from the acquired businesses, and unfavorable market conditions that could negatively
impact our growth expectations for the acquired businesses. Fully integrating an acquired company or business into our operations may
take a significant amount of time. If we are unable to integrate or pursue strategic acquisitions, our financial condition and results
of operations would be negatively impacted. 

29 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared Year Ended December 31, 2021 

(in
thousands) 

For The Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Difference 
 Difference 

Revenues: 

Product sales 
 46,018 
 15,480 
 30,538 
 197 
 
 Charging service revenue - company-owned charging stations 
 6,866 
 2,978 
 3,888 
 131 
 
 Network fees 
 4,370 
 667 
 3,703 
 555 
 
 Warranty 
 928 
 220 
 708 
 322 
 
 Grant and rebate 
 296 
 400 
 (104 
 -26 
 
 Ride-sharing services 
 1,268 
 769 
 499 
 65 
 
 Other 
 1,393 
 426 
 967 
 227 

Total Revenues 
 61,139 
 20,940 
 40,199 
 192 

Cost of Revenues: 

Cost of product sales 
 31,428 
 11,670 
 19,758 
 169 
 
 Cost of charging services - company-owned charging stations 
 1,466 
 707 
 759 
 107 
 
 Host provider fees 
 3,935 
 1,386 
 2,549 
 184 
 
 Network costs 
 1,463 
 454 
 1,009 
 222 
 
 Warranty and repairs and maintenance 
 2,795 
 892 
 1,903 
 213 
 
 Ride-sharing services 
 2,137 
 1,458 
 679 
 47 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 3,113 
 1,531 
 1,582 
 103 

Total Cost of Revenues 
 46,337 
 18,098 
 28,239 
 156 

Gross Profit 
 14,802 
 2,842 
 11,960 
 421 

Operating Expenses: 

Compensation 
 60,602 
 38,389 
 22,213 
 58 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 27,826 
 10,516 
 17,310 
 165 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 15,645 
 9,606 
 6,039 
 63 

Total Operating Expenses 
 104,073 
 58,511 
 45,562 
 78 

Loss From Operations 
 (89,271 
 (55,669 
 (33,602 
 60 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest income 
 (1,529 
 9 
 (1,538 
 -17089 
 
 Dividend and interest income 
 454 
 294 
 160 
 N/A 
 
 Loss on foreign exchange 
 (600 
 (124 
 (476 
 N/A 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 856 
 (856 
 N/A 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative and other accrued liabilities 
 66 
 69 
 (3 
 -4 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (372 
 (554 
 182 
 -33 

Total Other Income (Expense) 
 (1,981 
 550 
 (2,531 
 -460 

Loss Before Income Taxes 
 (91,252 
 (55,119 
 (36,133 
 66 

Provision for income taxes 
 (308 
 - 
 (308 
 N/A 

Net Loss 
 (91,560 
 (55,119 
 (36,441 
 66 

30 

Revenues 

Total
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 61,139, compared to 20,940 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 40,199,
or 192 . 

Revenue
from product sales was 46,018 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 15,480 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an
increase of 30,538, or 197 . This increase was attributable to increased sales of commercial chargers, DC fast chargers and
residential chargers when compared to the same period in 2021. Also contributing to the increase in product sales was 3,242 from
EB, which we acquired in April 2022, and 14,305 from SemaConnect, which we acquired in June 2022. 

Charging service revenue for company-owned and operated charging stations was 6,866 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to
 2,978 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3,888, or 131 . The increase is due to the increase in utilization of chargers
and an increased number of chargers on the Blink Networks. Also contributing to the increase in charging service revenue was 528 from
EB, which we acquired in April 2022. 

Network fee revenue was 4,370 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 667 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 3,703, or 555 . The increase was attributable to increases in host owned units as well as billings and invoicing to Property Partners
during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Also contributing to the increase in network
fee revenue was 3,199 from SemaConnect, which we acquired in June 2022. 

Warranty
revenue was 928 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 220 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 708, or
322 . The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in warranty contracts sold for the
year December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded a liability of 176 which represents
the estimated cost of existing backlog of known warranty cases. 

Grant
and rebate revenues were 296 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 400 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease
of 104, or 26 . Grant and rebates relating to equipment and the related installation are deferred and amortized in a manner consistent
with the depreciation expense of the related assets over their useful lives. The decrease in revenue
was primarily related to the timing of the amortization of previous years state grants/rebates associated with the installation
of chargers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Ride-sharing
services revenues were 1,268 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 769 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 499, or 65 . These revenues are derived from ride-sharing subscription services through a program
with the City of Los Angeles, which was associated with the acquisition of BlueLA in September 2020. 

Other
revenue increased by 967, or 227 , to 1,393 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 426 for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase was primarily attributable to higher Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) credits generated during the year ended December
31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. We generate these credits from the electricity utilized by our electric car charging stations
as a byproduct from our charging services in the states of California and Oregon. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues primarily consists of electricity reimbursements, revenue share payments to our Property Partner hosts, the cost of charging
stations sold, connectivity charges provided by telco and other networks, warranty, repairs and maintenance services, and depreciation
of our installed charging stations. Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 46,337 as compared to 18,098 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 28,239, or 156 . 

There
is a degree of variability in our costs in relation to our revenues from period to period, primarily due to: 

electricity
 reimbursements that are unique to those Property Partner host agreements which provide for such reimbursements; 

revenue
 share payments are predicated on the contractual obligation under the property partner agreement and the revenue generated by the
 applicable chargers; 

cost
 of charging stations sold is predicated on the mix of types of charging stations and parts sold during the period; 

network
 costs are fixed in nature based on the number of chargers connected to the telco network regardless of whether the charger generates
 revenue; 

provisions
 for excess and obsolete inventory; and 

warranty
 and repairs and maintenance expenses are based on both the number of service cases completed during the period. 

Cost
of product sales increased by 19,758, or 169 , to 31,428 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11,670 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the increase in product sales of commercial chargers, DC fast chargers and home
residential chargers during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, as well as cost of product sales of
 2,885 from EB, which we acquired in April 2022, and 6,619 from SemaConnect, which we acquired in June 2022. 

Cost
of charging services for company-owned charging stations (electricity reimbursements) increased by 759, or 107 , to 1,466 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 707 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in 2022 was attributable to the mix of charging
stations generating charging service revenues subject to electricity reimbursement. 

Host
provider fees increased by 2,549, or 184 , to 3,935 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,386 during the year ended
December 31, 2021. This increase was a result of the mix of chargers generating revenue and their corresponding revenue share percentage
payments to Property Partner hosts pursuant to their agreements, as well as a reduction in utilization during 2021 due to COVID-19. 

Network costs increased by 1,009, or 222 , to 1,463 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 454 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase was a result of the increase in charging stations on our network and costs incurred related to the upgrading of
our network system compared to the same period in 2021. Also contributing to the increase in network costs was 781 from SemaConnect,
which we acquired in June 2022. 

Warranty and repairs and maintenance costs increased by 1,903, or 213 , to 2,795 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 892
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in 2022 was attributable to significant efforts expended to reduce the backlog in warranty
and repairs and maintenance cases. Also contributing to the increase was 99 from EB, which we acquired in April 2022, and 98 from SemaConnect,
which we acquired in June 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded a liability of 176 which represents the estimated cost of existing
backlog of known warranty cases. 

31 

Cost
of ride-sharing services was 2,137 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,458 during the year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 679, or 47 . These costs are from ride-sharing subscription services through a program with the City of Los Angeles,
which was associated with the acquisition of BlueLA in September 2020. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense increased by 1,582, or 103 , to 3,113 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,531 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in depreciation expense was attributable to an increase in the number of EV charging stations and
vehicles associated with the ride-share services. 

Operating
Expenses 

Compensation
expense increased by 22,213, or 58 , to 60,602 (consisting of approximately 44,689 of cash compensation and approximately 15,913
of non-cash compensation) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 38,389 (consisting of approximately 22,000 of cash
compensation and approximately 16,400 of non-cash compensation) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase in compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily related to
increases in personnel and compensation in executive, marketing, sales and operations departments as a result of the anticipated
domestic and international growth of our company. In addition, compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to the same period in 2021 increased due to additional personnel in conjunction with the acquisitions of SemaConnect and EB during
the second quarter of 2022. 

General
and administrative expenses increased by 17,310, or 165 , from 10,516 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 27,826 for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in accounting,
legal, investor relations, marketing, consulting , recruiting, software licensing and other professional service expenditures of
 7,724. Further, general and administrative expenses increased due to increases in amortization expense of 5,119 related to the
acquisitions of SemaConnect and EB during the second quarter of 2022. Also contributing to the increase in general and
administrative expenses were acquisition-related expenses of 3,933 related to the 2022 acquisitions of SemaConnect and
EB. 

Other
operating expenses increased by 6,039, or 63 , from 9,606 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 15,645 for the year ended December
31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in insurance, software expense,
rent, hardware and software development costs and property/use tax expenditures of 4,616. Further, increases in travel and vehicle expenses
of 1,754, contributed to the increase in other operating expenses for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021.
Also contributing to the increase in other operating expenses were operating expenditures related to the 2022 acquisitions of SemaConnect
and EB. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred expenses of 3,809 related to the network upgrade to certain of our company s
EV charging stations. 

Other
(Expense) Income 

Other
expense increased by 2,531 from other income of 550 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to other expense of 1,981 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The increase in other expenses is primarily attributable to interest expense of 1,529 associated with the deferred
payment from the SemaConnect acquisition. Also contributing to the increase in other expenses is loss on foreign currency exchange of
 600. 

Provision
For Income Taxes 

Provision for income taxes was 308 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 0 during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The Company s statutory federal income tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 21.0 . The Company s effective tax rate for 2022 and
2021 was 0.3 and 0.0 , respectively. The increase in the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate was related to certain
subsidiaries which generated net income during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
Loss 

Our
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 36,441, or 66 , to 91,560 as compared to 55,119 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in compensation expense and general
and administrative expenses in conjunction with current and anticipated growth of our company. 

Total
Comprehensive Loss 

Our
total comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 92,822 whereas our total comprehensive loss for the year ended December
31, 2021 was 56,465, an increase of 36,357 for the same reasons as noted above related to the increase in our net loss. 

32 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
measure our liquidity in a number of ways, including the following: 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash 
 36,562 
 174,795 

Working
 Capital 
 48,962 
 176,303 

Debt 
 40,618 
 10 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we financed our activities from proceeds derived from debt and equity financings which were
raised in prior periods. A significant portion of the funds raised from the sale of capital stock has been used to cover working capital
needs and personnel, office expenses and various consulting and professional fees. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used cash of 82,365 and 40,570, respectively, in operations. Our cash used for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to our net loss of 91,560, reduced by net non-cash expenses in the
aggregate amount of 26,551, and by 17,356 of net cash used in changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. Our cash
used for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to our net loss of 55,119, reduced by net non-cash expenses in
the aggregate amount of 23,113, and by 8,564 of net cash used in changes in the levels of operating assets and
liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 58,787, of which, 38,338
was used as cash consideration for SemaConnect (net of cash acquired), 11,360 was used as cash consideration for EB (net of cash acquired),
 6,595 was used to purchase charging stations and other fixed assets, 2,200 was used as a note receivable to a target, and 294 was
related to the payment of engineering costs that were capitalized . During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing
activities was 30,449, of which, 6,804 was provided in connection with the sale of marketable securities, which was offset by purchases
of marketing securities of 7,209, 7,065 was used to purchase charging stations and other fixed assets, 22,742 (net of 243 cash acquired)
was used as purchase consideration in connection with the Blue Corner acquisition and 237 was used for engineering services. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 6,393, of which, 220
was provided by the exercise of warrants and options, offset by 315 used to pay down our liability in connection with internal use software,
 217 was used to pay down our finance lease liability and 681 was used to pay down notes payable this was offset by 7,386 was attributable
to the net proceeds from the sale of common stock from the public offering. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
provided by financing activities was 223,271, of which, 221,333 was attributable to the net proceeds from the sale of common stock
from the public offering, 1,693 was attributable to the proceeds from warrant exercises, 307 of proceeds were from option exercises,
partially offset by 62 used to pay down our financing liability in connection with internal use software. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash, working capital and an accumulated deficit of 36,562, 48,962 and 334,030, respectively. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 91,560. 

In
February 2023, we completed an underwritten registered public offering of 8,333,333 shares of our common stock at a public offering
price of 12.00 per share. We received approximately 100,000 in gross proceeds from the public offering, and approximately 95,000
in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses paid by us. In addition, the underwriters have a
30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,249,999 shares of common stock from us at the public offering price, less the
underwriting discounts and commissions. The public offering was made pursuant to our automatic shelf registration statement on Form
S-3 ASR filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021, and prospectus supplement dated February 8, 2023. Barclays acted as the sole
book-running manager for the offering. H.C. Wainwright Co., Roth Capital Partners and ThinkEquity acted as co-managers for the
offering. 

In
January 2021, we completed an underwritten registered public offering of 5,660,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering
price of 41.00 per share. We received approximately 232,100 in gross proceeds from the public offering, and approximately 221,500
in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses paid by us. The public offering was made pursuant to
our automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 ASR filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021 and prospectus supplement dated
January 7, 2021. We used the net proceeds from the public offering to supplement our operating cash flows to fund EV charging
station deployment and, when needed, to finance the costs of acquiring competitive and complementary businesses, products and
technologies as a part of our growth strategy, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

We
have not yet achieved profitability and expect to continue to incur cash outflows from operations. It is expected that our operating
expenses will continue to increase and, as a result, we will eventually need to generate significant product revenues to achieve profitability.
Historically, we have been able to raise funds to support our business operations, although there can be no assurance that we will be
successful in raising significant additional funds in the future. We expect that our cash on hand will fund our operations for at least
12 months after the issuance date of the financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

33 

Since
inception, our operations have primarily been funded through proceeds received in equity and debt financings. We believe we have access
to capital resources and continue to evaluate additional financing opportunities. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain
funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. There is also no assurance that the amount of funds we might raise will enable us
to complete our EV development initiatives or attain profitable operations. 

On
September 2, 2022, we entered into a Sales Agreement Sales Agreement with Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc.,
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., ThinkEquity LLC, H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Agents to conduct an ATM equity offering program pursuant to which we may issue and sell from time to time shares of our common
stock, par value 0.001 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to 250,000 through the Agents, as our sales
agents. We currently anticipate using the net proceeds from the sale of our shares of common stock under the ATM program to supplement
our operating cash flows to fund EV charging station deployment and our acquisition growth plan. We also plan to use any remaining proceeds
we receive for working capital and other corporate purposes. The amounts and timing of our use of the net proceeds will depend on a number
of factors, such as the timing and progress of our EV charging station deployment efforts, the timing and progress of any partnering
and collaboration efforts and technological advances. As of December 31, 2022, 558,721 shares have been sold pursuant to the ATM program
representing gross proceeds of approximately 7,697. 

As
electric vehicle charging requirements and technologies change, driven by federal, state or local regulatory authorities or by electric
vehicle manufacturers or other technology or services providers for the charging station industry, in particular cellular connectivity
technology, we may need to upgrade or adapt our charging station products or introduce new products in order to serve new vehicles, conform
to new standards, or adapt new technologies to serve existing customers or new customers at substantial research, development, and network
upgrades costs. During 2021, many cellular technology providers announced they will require the upgrade from 2G/3G connectivity to 4G
LTE during 2022 (the Upgrade ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 3,809 related to
these upgrades. As of December 31, 2022, the charger upgrades were substantially complete. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

We
entered into purchase commitments that include purchase orders and agreements in the normal course of business with contract
manufacturers, parts manufacturers, vendors for research and development services and outsourced services. As of December 31, 2022,
we had purchase commitment of approximately 60,532, which will become payable upon the suppliers delivery of the charging stations, services and other related items. The
purchase commitments were made primarily for future sales, deployments of charging stations, inventory management planning and other
related items, all of which are expected to be received during the next 12-24 months. 

Further, we have operating and finance lease obligations over the next five years of approximately 5,500. These operating lease obligations
are primarily related to corporate office space, warehousing, and parking spaces related to our ride-sharing services. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures must be in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require
us to make estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the periods presented. We believe that the estimates and judgments upon
which it relies are reasonably based upon information available to us at the time that it makes these estimates and judgments. To the
extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial results will be affected. The accounting
policies that reflect our more significant estimates and judgments and which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding
and evaluating our reported financial results are described below. 

The
following is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies or estimates. Our accounting policies are more
fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in our Consolidated Financial Statements included at the end of this
Annual Report. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue primarily from four different types of contracts: 

Product
 sales Revenue is recognized at the point where the customer obtains control of the goods and the company satisfies its
 performance obligation, which generally is at the time it ships the product to the customer or installation of the product. 

Charging
 service revenue company-owned charging stations - Revenue is recognized at the point when a particular charging session
 is completed. 

Network
 fees and other Represents a stand-ready obligation whereby the company is obligated
 to perform over a period of time and, as a result, revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term. Network
 fees are billed annually. 

Other
 Other revenues primarily comprises of revenues generated from alternative fuel credits. 

34 

The
timing of our revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment by its customers. A receivable is recorded when
revenue is recognized prior to payment and the company has an unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when payment precedes the
provision of the related services, the company records deferred revenue until the performance obligations are satisfied. 

Grants,
rebates and alternative fuel credits, which are not within the scope of ASC 606, pertaining to revenues and periodic expenses are recognized
as income when the related revenue and/or periodic expense are recorded. Grants and rebates related to EV charging stations and their
installation are deferred and amortized in a manner consistent with the related depreciation expense of the related asset over their
useful lives over the useful life of the charging station. 

Furthermore, ride-sharing services, which are not within scope of ASC 606, pertain to revenues and expenses related
to a ride-sharing services agreement with the City of Los Angeles which allows customers the ability to rent electric vehicles through
a subscription service. The Company recognizes revenue over the contractual period of performance of the subscription which are short
term in nature. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
measure the cost of services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award on the date
of grant. The fair value amount of the shares expected to ultimately vest is then recognized over the period for which services are required
to be provided in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. The estimation of stock-based awards that will ultimately vest
requires judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from original estimates, such amounts are recorded as
a cumulative adjustment in the period that the estimates are revised. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

Long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not
be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of our long-lived assets by monitoring current selling prices of EV charging units in the
open market, the adoption rate of various auto manufacturers in the EV market and projected EV charging utilization at various public
EV charging stations throughout our network in determining fair value. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated future cash
flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. 

Income
Taxes 

We
account for income taxes pursuant to the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes pursuant to FASB ASC 740, Income
Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences and operating loss carry forwards.
Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets
are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Operating
Leases 

We
determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 

ROU
assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease
payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use an incremental borrowing rate
based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date.
The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options
to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
is the excess of consideration paid for an acquired entity over the fair value of the amounts assigned to assets acquired, including
other identifiable intangible assets, and liabilities assumed in a business combination. To determine the amount of goodwill resulting
from a business combination, the company performs an assessment to determine the acquisition date fair value of the acquired company s
tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities. 

35 

Goodwill
is required to be evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset may be
impaired. An entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances
leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. These
qualitative factors include: macroeconomic and industry conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific
events. If the entity determines that this threshold is met, then the company may apply a one-step quantitative test and record the amount
of goodwill impairment as the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value, not to exceed the total amount
of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The company determines fair value through multiple valuation techniques and weights the
results accordingly. The company is required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether an event of impairment
of goodwill has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of its reporting units. The company has
elected to perform its annual goodwill impairment review on November 1 of each year. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

For
a description of our recently issued accounting standards, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

We
have foreign currency risks related to its revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily
the euro, causing both its revenue and its operating results to be impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates. Gains or losses from
the revaluation of certain cash balances, accounts receivable balances and intercompany balances that are denominated in these currencies
impact our net loss. A hypothetical decrease in all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar of 1 would not result in a material foreign
currency loss on foreign-denominated balances, as of December 31, 2022. As our foreign operations expand, its results may be more materially
impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies in which it does business. At this time, we do not enter into financial
instruments to hedge its foreign currency exchange risk. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
financial statements required by this Item 8 are included in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or
submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating the cost- benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Management has designed disclosure controls and procedures
that reasonably enable the management to deliberate and take timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

36 

However,
after giving full consideration to the material weaknesses described below, and the additional analyses and other procedures the Company
performed to ensure that its consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, Blink s management has concluded that its consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
its financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system
was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to our company s management and board regarding the preparation and fair
presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 

As
permitted by SEC guidance for newly acquired businesses, because it was not possible to complete an effective assessment of the acquired
companies controls by year-end, management has excluded both SemaConnect and Electric Blue Limited EB from its
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting and changes therein from the date of
such acquisition through December 31, 2022. SemaConnect s total assets and total revenues represent approximately 7 and 30 , respectively,
and EB s total assets and total revenues represent approximately 3 and 8 respectively, of the related consolidated financial
statement amounts of Blink Charging Co. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The framework used by
management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled 2013 Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and
procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of material weaknesses reported below. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, management identified IT deficiencies relating to change management and the restriction of access to
a sub-system at a subsidiary. Fiscal 2022 was the initial year that this subsidiary was subjected to testing its internal controls over
financial reporting. Once these deficiencies were identified, management remediated the design of these controls. As this remediation
occurred late in the fourth quarter of 2022, it was deemed too late to sufficiently test the remediated controls operational effectiveness.
Accordingly, management has considered it to be a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
Management expects to remediate this control during 2023. 

The
 Company s internal controls over financial reporting did not detect a miscalculation
 of a certain non-cash share-based compensation transaction on a timely basis. Management
 views this miscalculation as an isolated occurrence but considers this control deficiency
 a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
 Management expects to remediate this control during 2023. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
2022, management continued to implement improvements to the Company s internal control system. Throughout the year, from executive
management on down, a strong commitment was made to the importance of internal control and to create and maintain an infrastructure to
support the Company s compliance program. The Audit Committee was actively engaged and exercised continuous oversight throughout
the process. Further, management and the Audit Committee fostered open and regular dialogue with the Company s external auditors.
Internal control, particularly those relating to subjective judgements, were strengthened and, when possible automated and centralized.
Further, improvements included: 

All financially significant
 business processes and entity-level assessments were documented, evaluated, tested for their adequacy of design. 

The Company s information
 technology security and general controls were likewise documented, evaluated and tested for their adequacy of design. 

The Company successfully
 tested for operational effectiveness its business process and entity level internal controls and information technology general and
 security controls. 

In
2021, the Company had identified certain design deficiencies in its management and analytical review controls associated with the financial
close, revenue and inventory processes. As a result of the internal controls initiatives referenced above, the 2021 reported material
weakness has been remediated and is operating effectively. 

Except
as described above, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over the financial reporting during the fourth quarter
of 2022 that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

37 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 ON
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Blink
Charging Co. 

Adverse
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited Blink Charging Co. and Subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described in the following
paragraph on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting: 

One
 of the Company s subsidiaries did not implement program change management and user access
 controls to ensure that a) IT program and data changes affecting the Company s financial
 IT applications underlying accounting records, are identified, tested, authorized and
 implemented appropriately b) appropriate segregation of duties that would adequately restrict
 user and privileged access to validate that data produced by its relevant IT system were
 complete and accurate. 

Certain
 of the Company s controls associated with the calculation of stock-based compensation
 awards were not operating effectively. 

These
 deficiencies, combined with inadequate compensating review controls, created a reasonable
 possibility that a material misstatement, individually or in the aggregate, to the consolidated
 financial statements might not be prevented or detected on a timely basis and represents
 a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

These
material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the fiscal
2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 14, 2023 on those financial
statements. 

We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
loss, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022 of the Company and our report
dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Excluded Subsidiaries 

As
described in Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting , management has excluded its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, SemaConnect, Inc. and Electric Blue Limited, from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 because these entities were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2022. We have also excluded SemaConnect,
Inc. and Electric Blue Limited from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. These subsidiaries combined total
assets and total revenues represent approximately 10 and 38.0 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Marcum
LLP 

 New
York, NY 

 March
 14, 2023 

38 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2022 year-end. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 

Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2022 year-end. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2022 year-end. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2022 year-end. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2022 year-end. 

39 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)(3) 
 EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 Filed
 or 
 Furnished 
 
 Number 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing
 Date 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated April 21, 2021, between the Shareholders of Blue Corner NV and Blink Holdings B.V. 
 8-K 
 2.1 
 05/13/2021 

2.2 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated April 22, 2022, between the shareholders of Electric Blue Limited, and Blink Holdings B.V. and Blink Charging Co. 
 8-K 
 2.1 
 04/26/2022 

2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 13, 2022, by and among Blink Charging Co., Blink Sub I Corp., Blink Sub II LLC, SemaConnect, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (solely in its capacity as the stockholders representative) 
 8-K 
 2.1 
 06/14/2022 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended most recently on August 17, 2017 
 10-K 
 3.1 
 04/17/2018 

3.2 
 Bylaws, as amended most recently on January 29, 2018 
 10-K 
 3.2 
 04/17/2018 

3.4 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 3.1 
 04/07/2022 

3.5 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 3.2 
 04/07/2022 

3.6 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 3.3 
 04/07/2022 

3.7 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 3.4 
 04/07/2022 

4.2 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated April 9, 2018 
 8-K 

4.1 
 04/19/2018 

4.3 
 Description of the Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10-K 
 4.3 
 04/02/2020 

10.1 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Michael D. Farkas dated October 29, 2010 
 10-K 
 10.17 
 04/16/2013 

10.2 
 First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Michael D. Farkas dated December 23, 2014 
 8-K 
 10.4 
 12/29/2014 

10.3 
 Second Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Michael D. Farkas dated July 24, 2015 
 10-K 
 10.4 
 07/29/2016 

10.4 
 Third Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Michael D. Farkas dated June 15, 2017 
 S-1/A 
 10.7 
 07/06/2017 

10.10 
 Patent License Agreement, dated March 29, 2012, by and among Car Charging Group, Inc., Balance Holdings, LLC and Michael Farkas 
 10-K 
 10.21 
 04/16/2013 

10.11 
 Patent License Agreement, dated March 11, 2016, by and among Car Charging Group, Inc., Balance Holdings, LLC and Michael Farkas 
 10-Q 
 10.3 
 08/04/2016 

10.12 
 Revenue Sharing Agreement, dated April 3, 2013, by and among Car Charging Group, Inc., EV Pass Holdings, LLC, and Synapse Sustainability Trust, Inc. 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 04/26/2013 

10.13 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated April 20, 2018, between Euro American Group, Inc. and Car Charging Inc. 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 05/15/2018 

10.14 
 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Proxy 
 - 
 08/14/2018 

10.17 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 9, 2020, between Blink Charging Co. and Donald Engel 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 01/10/2020 

10.18 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated February 7, 2020, between Blink Charging Co. and Michael P. Rama 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 02/11/2020 

10.20 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated as of March 29, 2020, between Blink Charging Co. and Brendan S. Jones 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 04/20/2020 

10.21 
 Executive Chairman and CEO Employment Agreement, dated May 28, 2021, between Blink Charging Co. and Michael D. Farkas 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 06/04/2021 

10.22 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, between Blink Charging Co. and Brendan S. Jones 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 12/29/2021 

10.23 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 20, 2021, between Blink Charging Co. and Harjinder Bhade 
 10-K/A 
 10.20 
 04/29/2022 

10.24 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 19, 2022, between Blink Charging Co. and Michael P. Rama 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 05/24/2022 

10.25 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 19, 2022, between Blink Charging Co. and Aviv Hillo 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 05/24/2022 

10.26 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2022, by and among Blink Charging Co., the equityholders of SemaConnect, Inc. and each equityholder of SemaConnect, Inc. to which Blink shares were issued 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 06/21/2022 

10.27 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated June 15, 2022, between SemaConnect, LLC, a Blink Charging company, and Mahi Reddy 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 06/21/2022 

10.29 
 Sales Agreement, dated September 2, 2022, between Blink Charging Co. and the Sales Agents 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 09/02/2022 

10.30 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated June 15, 2022, between SemaConnect LLC and Mark Pastrone, as assumed by Blink Charging Co. on November 29, 2022 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 12/05/2022 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

X 
 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

X 
 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

X 
 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

X 
 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance. 

X 
 
 101.XSD 
 XBRL Schema. 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Presentation. 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Calculation. 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Definition. 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Label. 

X 

Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

In
 accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of
 the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

40 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Date:
March 14, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Michael D. Farkas 

Michael
 D. Farkas 

Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael P. Rama 

Michael
 P. Rama 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael D. Farkas 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Michael
 D. Farkas 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Michael P. Rama 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Michael
 P. Rama 

/s/
 Brendan S. Jones 
 
 President
 and Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Brendan
 S. Jones 

/s/
 Mahidhar Reddy 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer of SemaConnect and Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Mahidhar
 Reddy 

/s/
 Louis R. Buffalino 

Director 

March 14, 2023 
 
 Louis
 R. Buffalino 

/s/
 Jack Levine 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Jack
 Levine 

/s/
 Kenneth R. Marks 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 R. Marks 

/s/
 Ritsaart J.M. van Montfrans 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Ritsaart
 J.M. van Montfrans 

/s/ Cedric L. Richmond 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Cedric L. Richmond 

41 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 F-9 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-12 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Blink
Charging Co. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blink Charging Co. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013 and our report dated
March 14, 2023 , expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting because of the existence of material weaknesses. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit s also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Business
Combinations 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired SemaConnect, Inc. and Electric Blue Limited in
June 2022 and April 2022, respectively. These acquisitions were accounted for as business combinations. We identified the
evaluation of the acquisition date fair value of the intangible assets acquired as a critical audit matter. 

The
principal consideration for our determination that the evaluation of the acquisition date fair values of the intangible assets acquired
was a critical audit matter is the high degree of subjective auditor judgment associated with evaluating management s determination
of the fair values of the acquired intangible assets, which is primarily due to the complexity of the valuation models used and the sensitivity
of the underlying significant assumptions. The key assumptions used within the valuation models included prospective financial information,
including future revenue growth and an applied discount rate. The calculated fair values are sensitive to changes in these key assumptions. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the evaluation of acquisition date fair values of intangible assets acquired included the following, among
others: 

We
 evaluated the design effectiveness of certain controls over the acquisition-date valuation
 process, including controls over the development of the key assumptions such as the revenue
 growth and the applied discount rate. 

We
 obtained the purchase price allocation analyses from management and the third-party specialist
 engaged by management. 

- We
 assessed the qualifications and competence of management and the third-party specialist;
 and 
 
 - We
 evaluated the methodologies used to determine the fair values of the intangible assets. 

We
 tested the assumptions used within the discounted cash flow models to estimate the fair values
 of the intangible assets, which included key assumptions such as the future revenue growth
 and the applied discount rate. 

We
 assessed the reasonableness of management s forecast by inquiring with management to
 understand how the forecast was developed and comparing the projections to historical results
 and external sources including industry trends and peer companies historical data. 

We
 involved an internal valuation specialist who assisted in the evaluation and testing performed
 of the reasonableness of significant assumptions to the models, including the applied discount
 rate. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

March 14, 2023 

F- 3 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (in
thousands except for share amounts) 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory,
 net 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Restricted
 cash 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use asset 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other
 assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Notes
 payable 

Current
 portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current
 portion of financing lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Current
 portion of deferred revenue 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Contingent
 consideration 
 
 - 
 
 Consideration
 payable 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease liabilities, non-current portion 

Financing
 lease liabilities, non-current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 liabilities 

Deferred
 revenue, non-current portion 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies (Note 16) 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Equity: 

Common
 stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Revenues: 

Product
 sales 

Charging
 service revenue - company-owned charging stations 

Network
 fees 

Warranty 

Grant
 and rebate 

Ride-sharing
 services 

Other 

Total
 Revenues 

Cost
 of Revenues: 

Cost
 of product sales 

Cost
 of charging services - company-owned charging stations 

Host
 provider fees 

Network
 costs 

Warranty
 and repairs and maintenance 

Ride-sharing
 services 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 Cost of Revenues 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Compensation 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Other
 operating expenses 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss
 From Operations 

Other
 Income (Expense): 

Interest
 (expense) income 

Dividend
 and interest income 

- 
 
 Foreign
 transaction loss 

- 
 
 Gain
 on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on settlement of accounts payable, net 
 - 
 - 

Change
 in fair value of derivative and other accrued liabilities 

Other
 (expense) income, net 

Total
 Other (Expense) Income 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Loss 

Net
 Loss Per Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Number of 

Common
 Shares Outstanding: 

Weighted
 Average Number of Common
 Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

 (in
thousands) 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net
 Loss 

Other
 Comprehensive Income (Loss): 

Reclassification
 adjustments of gain on sale of 
 marketable securities included in net loss 

- 

Cumulative
 translation adjustments 

- 

Total
 Comprehensive Loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 (in
thousands, except for share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 Other 
 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance
 - January 1, 2022 

Common
 stock issued in public offering, net of issuance costs [1] 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in public offering, net of issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued as purchase consideration of SemaConnect 

- 
 - 

Common
 stock issued as purchase consideration of Electric Blue 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued upon exercises of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued upon cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued upon exercise of options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 

- 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

[1] , less issuance costs of . 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

 (in
thousands except for share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 Other 
 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance
 - January 1, 2021 

- 

Common
 stock issued in public offering, net of issuance costs [1] 

- 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in public offering, net of issuance costs 

- 
 - 

Common
 stock issued upon exercises of options and warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued upon cashless exercises of options and warrants 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued as consideration for property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued as purchase consideration of Blue Corner 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

[1] , less issuance costs of . 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

 (in
thousands except for share amounts) 

Convertible
 Preferred Stock 

Additional 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total 

Series
 D 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance
 - January 1, 2020 
 
 - 

Balance, value 
 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued in public offering [1] 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in public offering 
 - 
 - 
 3,597,833 

- 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued upon conversion of Series D convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued in satisfaction of accrued issuable equity 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued as consideration for acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Options
 issued in satisfaction of accrued issuable equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued upon cashless warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued upon cashless option exercise 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Other
 comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance, value 
 - 
 - 

- 

[1] , less issuance costs of . 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (in
thousands) 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash
 Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Non-cash
 lease expense 

- 
 
 Dividend
 and interest income 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in fair value of contingent consideration 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change
 in fair value of derivative and other accrued liabilities 

Provision
 for bad debt 

Loss
 on disposal of fixed assets 

Provision
 for slow moving and obsolete inventory 

Gain
 on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on settlement of accounts payable, net 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation: 

Common
 stock 

Options 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable and other receivables 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Other
 assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Other
 liabilities 

- 
 
 Lease
 liabilities 

Deferred
 revenue 

Total
 Adjustments 

Net
 Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash
 Flows From Investing Activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of marketable securities 
 - 

Note
 receivable 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 consideration of SemaConnect, net of cash acquired 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of marketable securities 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalization
 of engineering costs 

- 
 
 Purchase
 consideration of Blue Corner, net of cash acquired 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 acquired in the purchase of BlueLA Carsharing, LLC 
 - 
 - 

Purchase
 consideration of Electric Blue, net of cash acquired 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash
 acquired in the purchase of U-Go Stations, Inc. 
 - 
 - 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Net
 Cash (Used In) Provided By Investing Activities 

Cash
 Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of common stock in public offering [1] 

Proceeds
 from exercise of options and warrants 

Proceeds
 from issuance of notes payable 
 - 
 - 

Repayment
 of financing liability in connection with finance lease 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Repayment
 of notes payable 
 
 - 

Payment
 of financing liability in connection with internal use software 

Net
 Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Effect
 of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 

- 

Net
 (Decrease) Increase In Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - Beginning of Year 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - End of Year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents and restricted cash consisted of the following: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Restricted
 cash 

Total
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

[1] , less issuance costs of deducted directly from the offering proceeds.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, includes gross proceeds of , less issuance costs of deducted directly from the
 offering proceeds. For the year ended December 31, 2020, includes gross proceeds of , less issuance
costs of deducted directly from the offering proceeds. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows Continued 

 (in
thousands) 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Supplemental
 Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income
 taxes 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Reduction
 of additional pain-in capital for public offering issuance costs for public offering issuance costs that were previously paid 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued as consideration for property and equipment 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued as purchase consideration of Blue Corner 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Options
 issued in satisfaction of accrued issuable equity 
 - 
 - 

Net
 assets (excluding cash) acquired in the acquisition of BlueLA Carsharing, LLC 
 - 
 - 

Internal
 use software obtained in exchange for financing liability 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use
 assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Property
 and equipment obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Transfer
 of inventory to property and equipment 

Common
 stock issued as purchase consideration for the acquisition of U-Go Stations, Inc. 
 - 
 - 

Net
 assets (excluding cash) acquired in the acquisition of U-Go Stations, Inc. 
 - 
 - 

Accrued
 interest converted to notes payable 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in satisfaction of accrued issuable equity 
 - 
 - 

Accrual
 of additional stock consideration for U-Go Stations, Inc. 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued as purchase consideration of SemaConnect 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued as purchase consideration of Electric Blue 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Intangible
 assets obtained in exchange for financing liability 
 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 11 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred a
net loss of , , and respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company used cash
in operating activities of , , and , respectively. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of common stock under an at-the-market equity offering program
for aggregate gross proceeds of , less issuance costs of which were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital.
See Note 12 Stockholders Equity. 

In February 2023, the Company completed an underwritten
registered public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share. The Company received
approximately in gross proceeds from the public offering and approximately in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting
discount and offering expenses paid by the Company. In addition, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional
 shares of common stock from the Company at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. See Note
17 Subsequent Events. 

The Company expects that Its cash on hand will fund
its operations for at least 12 months after the issuance date of these financial statements. 

Since inception, the Company s operations have
primarily been funded through proceeds received in equity and debt financings. The Company believes it has access to capital resources
and continues to evaluate additional financing opportunities. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain funds on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. There is also no assurance that the amount of funds the Company might raise will enable the Company to complete
its development initiatives or attain profitable operations. 

The Company s operating needs include the planned costs to operate its business, including amounts required
to fund working capital and capital expenditures. The Company s future capital requirements and the adequacy of its available funds
will depend on many factors, including the Company s ability to successfully commercialize its products and services, competing
technological and market developments, and the need to enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies or technologies
to enhance or complement its product and service offerings. 

and ,
respectively. Management estimates the allowance for credit losses based on an ongoing review of existing economic
conditions, the financial conditions of the customers, historical trends in credit losses, and the amount and age of past due
accounts. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

- 
 
 Machinery
 and equipment, automobiles, furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 
 
 Installed
 Level 2 electric vehicle charging stations 
 
 - 
 
 Installed
 Level 3 (DC Fast Chargers DCFC )) electric vehicle charging stations 

Building 

When
property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and
any resulting gain or loss is included in the statements of operations for the respective period. Minor additions and repairs are expensed
in the period incurred. Major additions and repairs which extend the useful life of existing assets are capitalized and depreciated using
the straight-line method over their remaining estimated useful lives. 

EV
charging stations represents the cost, net of accumulated depreciation, of charging equipment and installation of the charging equipment
that have been installed on the premises of participating owner/operator properties or are earmarked to be installed. 

The
Company s long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets by monitoring current selling
prices of car charging units in the open market, the adoption rate of various auto manufacturers in the EV market and projected car charging
utilization at various public car charging stations throughout its network in determining fair value. An impairment loss would be recognized
when estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying
amount. 

As
electric vehicle charging requirements and technologies change, driven by federal, state or local regulatory authorities or by electric
vehicle manufacturers or other technology or services providers for the charging station industry, in particular cellular connectivity
technology, the Company may need to upgrade or adapt its charging station products or introduce new products in order to serve new vehicles,
conform to new standards, or adapt new technologies to serve existing customers or new customers at substantial research, development,
and network upgrades costs. During 2021, many cellular technology providers announced they will require the upgrade from 2G/3G connectivity
to 4G LTE during 2022 (the Upgrade ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 3,809 related to these
upgrades. As of December 31, 2022, the charger upgrades were substantially complete. 

See
Note 4 Property and Equipment for additional details. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

impairment charge relating to goodwill was recognized. See Note 7 - Goodwill for
further information. 

for the Euro, and for
the Indian Rupee, as of December 31, 2022 and 
for the Euro as of December 31, 2021), while expense accounts are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the period 
for the Euro and 
for the Indian Rupee, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 
for the Euro during the year ended December 31, 2021). Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting
translation adjustments are recognized in stockholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income.
Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the change in equity of an entity from all sources other than investments by owners or
distributions to owners and includes foreign currency translation adjustments as described above. Transaction losses attributable to
foreign exchange were 
and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

Charging
 service revenue - company-owned charging stations 

Other 

Total
 Revenues - Recognized at a Point in Time 

Revenues
 - Recognized Over a Period of Time: 

Network
 and other fees 

Total
 Revenues - Recognized Over a Period of Time 

Revenues - Other: 

Ride-sharing services 

Grant and rebate 

Total Revenues - Other 

Total
 Revenues 

International 

Total
 Revenues 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

REVENUE
RECOGNITION CONTINUED 

The
timing of the Company s revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment by its customers. A receivable is recorded when
revenue is recognized prior to payment and the Company has an unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when payment precedes the
provision of the related services, the Company records deferred revenue until the performance obligations are satisfied. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had related to contract liabilities where performance obligations have not yet been satisfied,
which has been included within deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects to satisfy
 of its remaining performance obligations for network fees, warranty revenue, product sales, and other and recognize the revenue
within the next twelve months. 

The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient to expense costs to obtain contracts at the time the liability is incurred when
the expected amortization periods is one year or less. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 
of revenues related to network fees and warranty contracts that were included in deferred revenues as of December 31, 2021. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized 
of revenues related to network fees and warranty contracts that were included in deferred revenues as of December 31, 2020. During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized 
of revenues related to network fees and warranty contracts that were included in deferred revenues as of December 31,
2019. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there was revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied (or partially
satisfied) in previous periods. 

Grants,
rebates and alternative fuel credits, which are not within the scope of ASC 606, pertaining to revenues and periodic expenses, are
recognized as income when the related revenue and/or periodic expense are recorded. Grants and rebates related to EV charging
stations and their installation are deferred and amortized in a manner consistent with the related depreciation expense of the
related asset over the useful life of the charging station. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company
recorded ,
 and
 ,
respectively, related to grant and rebate revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized
 ,
 and
 ,
respectively, of revenue related to alternative fuel credits, which is included within other revenue on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

Furthermore, ride-sharing services, which are not within scope of ASC 606, pertain to revenues and expenses related
to a ride-sharing services agreement with the City of Los Angeles which allows customers the ability to rent electric vehicles
through a subscription service. The Company recognizes revenue over the contractual period of performance of the subscription which
are short term in nature. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized ,
 and
 ,
respectively, related to ride-sharing services revenue. 

,
 and , respectively, and are included in selling and marketing on the consolidated statements of operations. 

of total accounts payable. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, sales to a significant customer represented 
of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2020, sales to a significant customer represented 
of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2020, sales to another significant customer represented 
of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made purchases from a significant supplier that
represented and 
respectively, of total purchases. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

. The Company does
not expect the unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

Options 

Unvested
 restricted common stock 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 potentially dilutive shares 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED 

RECENTLY
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS - CONTINUED 

In
June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair
Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions 
which amends guidance in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement. The guidance clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an
equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring
the fair value. The guidance also clarifies that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure
a contractual sale restriction. The amendment requires the following disclosures for equity securities subject
to contractual sale restrictions: the fair value of equity securities subject
to contractual sale restrictions; the nature and remaining duration of the restriction(s); and the circumstances
that could cause a lapse in the restriction(s). The amended guidance is effective January 1, 2024 on a prospective basis. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting this
new accounting standard on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

In
September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04, Liabilities
- Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50) Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations to
require entities that use supplier finance programs in connection with purchase of goods and services to disclose the key terms of such
programs and information about obligations outstanding at the end of the reporting period, including a rollfo r ward
of those obligations of where in the financial statements outstanding amounts are present. The guidance does not affect the recognition,
measurement, or financial statement presentation of supplier finance program obligations. The Company adopted ASU 2022-04 effective January
1, 2023 and its adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic
848 that extends the period of time preparers can utilize the reference rate reform relief guidance provided by ASU
2020-04 and ASU 2021-01, which are discussed above. ASU 2022-06, which was effective upon issuance, defers the sunset date of this
prior guidance from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024, after which entities will no longer be permitted to apply the relief
guidance in Topic 848. The Company adopted ASU 2022-06 effective January 1, 2023 and its
adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

,
which included excess working capital of 
and closing date cash of . The fair value of the common stock consideration was
determined by the closing price of the Company s common stock on the acquisition date. Included in the cash consideration was
 
related to payments due to stock option holders of SemaConnect. Subsequent to the closing of the acquisition, payments to the stock
option holder were made after the stock option holder signed an option cash-out agreement. 

Goodwill
was recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired and the amount is attributable
to the reputation of the business acquired, the workforce in place and the synergies to be achieved from this acquisition. Goodwill of
 from the acquisition of SemaConnect is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Deferred
 cash consideration 

Common
 stock 

Total
 Purchase Consideration 

Less: 

Trade
 name 

Customer
 relationships 

Internally
 developed technology 

Non-compete
 agreements 

Property
 and equipment 

Right
 of use asset 

Other
 assets 

Deferred
 revenue- non current portion 

() 
 
 Lease
 liability- non current portion 

() 
 
 Debt-free
 net working capital 

Fair
 Value of Identified Net Assets 

Remaining
 Unidentified Goodwill Value 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

SEMACONNECT,
INC. - CONTINUED 

In
connection with the acquisition of SemaConnect, the Company acquired tradename, customer relationships, internally developed technology
and non-compete agreements. 

The
Company used the relief from royalty method when determining the fair value of the acquired trademark and internally developed technology.
 The fair value was determined by applying an estimated royalty rate to revenues, measuring the
value the Company would pay in royalties to a market participant if it did not own the trademark and internally developed technology
and had to license it from a third party. The trademark was assigned a useful life of two years and the internally developed technology
was assigned a useful life of three years. 

When
determining fair value of customer relationships, a form of income approach, known as the multi period excess earnings method was used.
 The fair value was determined by calculating the present value of estimated future operating
cash flows generated from the existing customers less costs to realize the revenue. The Company applied a discount rate of ,
which reflected the nature of the assets as they relate to the risk and uncertainty of the estimated future operating cash flows. Other
significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the customer contracts include an assumed income tax rate of . The
customer relationships were assigned a useful life. 

The
Company used a discounted cash flow model when determining the fair value of the non-compete agreements, significant assumptions include
a discount rate of and an assumed income tax rate of . The non-compete agreements were assigned a useful life of . 

The
fair value of working capital accounts were determined to be the carrying values due to the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities.

The fair value of property and equipment
was estimated by applying the cost approach. The cost approach uses the replacement or reproduction cost as an indicator of fair value.
The assumptions of the cost approach include replacement cost new, projected capital expenditures, and physical deterioration factors
including economic useful life, remaining useful life, age, and effective age. 

Restricted
 cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Less
 current liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Merger
 consideration payable 

Current
 portion of lease liability 

Current
 portion of notes payable 

Deferred
 revenue 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Debt
 free net working capital 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company include the results of operations of SemaConnect from June 15, 2022 to December 31,
2022 and do not include results of operations for periods prior to June 15, 2022. The results of operations of SemaConnect from June
15, 2022 to December 31,2022 included revenues of and a net loss of . 

The
following table presents the unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as
if the acquisition of SemaConnect had occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2021. The pro forma information provided below is compiled
from the pre-acquisition financial information of SemaConnect and includes pro forma adjustments for adjustments to certain expenses.
The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of (i) the results of operations that would have occurred had the operations of
this acquisition actually been acquired at the beginning of fiscal year 2021 or (ii) future results of operations: 

Net
 loss 

The
above pro forma information includes pro forma adjustments to give effect to the amortization of the acquired intangible assets to the
2021 historical period. 

As
of the date of the acquisition, the Company expected to collect all contractual cash flows related to receivables acquired in the acquisition.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements
of operations. Acquisition-related costs were during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

ELECTRIC
BLUE LIMITED 

On
April 22, 2022, pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2022, the Company acquired, through its Dutch subsidiary,
Blink Holdings B.V., all of the outstanding capital stock of Electric Blue Limited EB ), a private company limited by shares and
registered in England and Wales, from its shareholders. Headquartered in St. Albans, United Kingdom, EB is a
leading provider of electric vehicle charging and sustainable energy solutions and technologies. EB works with local authorities and
businesses to create the infrastructure the United Kingdom needs to meet the 2050 net zero emissions target and prepare for the 2030
ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars and vans. 

The
fair value purchase price for the acquisition of all of EB s outstanding capital stock was ,
consisting of 
in cash, shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of ,
plus the contingent consideration described in the following paragraph. The fair value of the common stock consideration was determined by the closing price of the Company s common
stock on the acquisition date. 

In
addition, provided EB reaches specified gross revenue or new EV charger installation targets over the three years post-closing, the Company
also agreed to issue up to approximately in additional shares of its common stock to EB shareholders (the Contingent Consideration ).
The Contingent Consideration was recorded at an estimated fair value of . As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of
the Contingent Consideration was . The Company uses a probability-weighted discounted cash flow approach as a valuation technique
to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities on the acquisition date and at each reporting period. The significant
unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements are projections over the earn-out period, and the probability outcome percentages
that are assigned to each scenario. Significant increases or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation could result in a significantly
higher or lower liability with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent consideration liabilities. 

Of
the purchase price to be issued to the EB shareholders at closing, approximately in cash and shares of common stock are being
held in escrow accounts for periods of 12 months (cash escrow) and 18 months (stock escrow), respectively, following the closing to cover
any losses or damages we may incur by reason of, among other things, any misrepresentation or breach of warranty by EB under the Sale
and Purchase Agreement. 

Goodwill
was recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired and the amount is attributable
to the reputation of the business acquired, the workforce in place and the synergies to be achieved from this acquisition. Goodwill of
 from the acquisition of EB is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Common
 stock 

Contingent
 consideration 

Total
 Purchase Consideration 
 
 19,317 

Less: 

Trade
 name 

Customer
 relationships 

Internally
 developed technology 

Non-compete
 agreements 

Property
 and equipment 

Deferred
 revenue- non current portion 

Debt-free
 net working capital deficit 

Fair
 Value of Identified Net Assets 

Remaining
 Unidentified Goodwill Value 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

ELECTRIC
BLUE LIMITED CONTINUED 

The
components of debt free net working capital deficit are as follows: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Less current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Current portion of notes payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Debt free net working capital deficit 
 (625 

The
Company used the relief from royalty method when determining the fair value of the acquired trademark and internally developed technology.
 The fair value was determined by applying an estimated royalty rate to revenues, measuring the
value the Company would pay in royalties to a market participant if it did not own the trademark and internally developed technology
and had to license it from a third party. The trademark was assigned a useful life of one and half years and the internally developed
technology was assigned a useful life of one year. 

When
determining fair value of customer relationships, a form of income approach, known as the multi period excess earnings method was used.
 The fair value was determined by calculating the present value of estimated future operating
cash flows generated from the existing customers less costs to realize the revenue. The Company applied a discount rate of ,
which reflected the nature of the assets as they relate to the risk and uncertainty of the estimated future operating cash flows. Other
significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the customer contracts include an assumed income tax rate of . The
assigned useful life for customer relationships was approximately . 

The
Company used a discounted cash flow model when determining the fair value of the non-compete agreements, significant assumptions include
a discount rate of and an assumed income tax rate of . The non-compete agreements were assigned a useful life of . 

The
Company used a Monte-Carlo based simulation model when determining the fair value of the contingent consideration. The model takes into
account the Company s projections as well as an assumed discount rate of . 

The
fair value of working capital accounts were determined to be the carrying values due to the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities.

The fair value of property and equipment
was estimated by applying the cost approach. The cost approach uses the replacement or reproduction cost as an indicator of fair value.
The assumptions of the cost approach include replacement cost new, projected capital expenditures, and physical deterioration factors
including economic useful life, remaining useful life, age, and effective age. 

Changes
in the balance of identified intangible assets and goodwill reflected on the balance sheet are the result of the impact of the change
in foreign currency exchange rates. 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company include the results of operations of EB from April 22, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and
do not include results of operations for periods prior to April 22, 2022. The results of operations of EB from April 22, 2022 to December
31, 2022 included revenues of and a net loss of . 

The
following table presents the unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as
if the acquisition of EB had occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2021. The pro forma information provided below is compiled from
the pre-acquisition financial information of EB and includes pro forma adjustments for adjustments to certain expenses. The pro forma
results are not necessarily indicative of (i) the results of operations that would have occurred had the operations of this acquisition
actually been acquired at the beginning of fiscal year 2021 or (ii) future results of operations: 

Net
 loss 

The
above pro forma information includes pro forma adjustments to give effect to the amortization of the acquired intangible assets to the
2021 historical period. As of the date of the acquisition, the Company expected to collect all contractual cash flows related to receivables
acquired in the acquisition. 

Acquisition-related
costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.
Acquisition-related costs were during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

See
Note 11 Fair Value Measurement for additional information. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

BLUE
CORNER NV 

On
May 10, 2021, pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement dated April 21, 2021, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary in the Netherlands,
Blink Holdings, B.V. closed on the acquisition from the shareholders of Blue Corner NV, a Belgian company Blue Corner ),
of all of the outstanding capital stock of Blue Corner. Headquartered in Belgium, with sales representative offices in several other
European cities, Blue Corner owns and operates an EV charging network across Europe. The acquisition of Blue Corner was made to enter
the European market and provide an opportunity to expand the Company s footprint in this region. The purchase price for the acquisition
of all of Blue Corner s outstanding capital stock was approximately 
 (or ),
consisting of approximately 
 (or in cash and approximately 
 represented by 
 shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Consideration Shares ). The fair value of the Consideration Shares was calculated based on the average price of the Company s
common stock during the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the closing date of the Share Purchase Agreement, which equaled
 
 (or per share, reduced by a discount for illiquidity due to the 12-month lockup that exists on any sales or transfers. The Company executed
management agreements with key Blue Corner personnel, including equity incentive packages consisting of additional shares of the Company s
common stock which is compensatory and not included in the purchase price for this acquisition. The Company entered into an escrow agreement
pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, under which the Company paid approximately 
 of the purchase price into an escrow account for a period of up to 18 months following the closing to cover any losses or damages the
Company may incur by reason of any misrepresentation or breach of warranty by Blue Corner under the Share Purchase Agreement. 

In order to determine the fair values of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed for Blue
Corner, the Company engaged a third-party independent valuation specialist to assist in the determination of fair values. The price purchase
price allocation was finalized during fiscal 2022 within the one-year measurement period. 

Common
 stock 

Total
 Purchase Consideration 

Less: 

Fixed
 assets 

Trade
 name 

Customer
 relationships 

Favorable
 leases 

Internally
 developed technology 

Non-compete
 agreements 

Other
 liabilities 

Other
 assets 

Debt-free
 net working capital deficit 

Fair
 Value of Identified Net Assets 

Remaining
 Unidentified Goodwill Value 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

BLUE
CORNER NV - CONTINUED 

Changes
in the balance of identified intangible assets and goodwill reflected on the balance sheet are the result of the impact of the change
in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Inventory 

Total
 current assets 

Less
 current liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred
 revenue 

Total
 current liabilities 

Debt
 free net working capital deficit 

Goodwill
was recorded based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired and the amount is attributable
to the reputation of the business acquired, the workforce in place and the synergies to be achieved from this acquisition. Goodwill of
 from the acquisition of Blue Corner is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company include the results of operations from Blue Corner as of May 10, 2021 to December 31,
2021 and do not include results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. The results of operations of Blue Corner from May
10, 2021 to December 31, 2021 included revenues of and a net loss of . 

The
following table presents the unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as if the acquisition
of Blue Corner had occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2020. The pro forma information provided below is compiled from the pre-acquisition
financial information of Blue Corner and includes pro forma adjustments for interest expense and adjustments to certain expenses. The
pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of (i) the results of operations that would have occurred had the operations of this
acquisition actually been acquired at the beginning of fiscal year 2020 or (ii) future results of operations: 

Net
 loss 

The
above pro forma information includes pro forma adjustments to remove the effect of interest expense recognized in the results of operations
of Blue Corner during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 of and ,
respectively. 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

U-GO
STATIONS, INC. 

On
November 19, 2020 Closing Date ), the Company (the Buyer ), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA
Agreement with U-Go Stations, Inc. (the Target ), and pursuant thereto acquired from the Seller all of the ownership
interests of U-Go Stations, Inc. U-Go ). 

The
consideration by the Buyer for the acquisition of U-Go included: (a) shares of the Company s common stock and (b) cash
payment on the later of (i) the first anniversary of the closing date; or (ii) the date on which the final project of the Additional
Projects is awarded to U-Go and paid in full, the funds shall be held in escrow by the escrow agent until the second anniversary of the
closing date. At the expiration of the escrow agreement, the balance of the , if any, shall be converted to the Company s common
stock determined by a formula outlined in the agreement. 

The
SPA Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants for a transaction of this type and nature. Pursuant to the
terms of the SPA Agreement, the Seller indemnified the Company, the Purchaser and their respective affiliates and representatives for
breaches of the Seller s representations and warranties, breaches of covenants and losses. The Purchaser agreed to indemnify the
Seller and its affiliates and representatives for any breaches of the Purchaser s representations and warranties, breaches of covenants
and losses. 

The
Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination under ASC 805. Accordingly, the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed were recorded at their estimated fair value based on the date of acquisition. Goodwill from the acquisition principally relates
to the fair value of the common stock consideration as well as the excess value of assumed liabilities over the fair value of identified
net assets. Since this transaction was a stock acquisition, goodwill is not tax deductible. 

Total
 Purchase Consideration 

Less: 

Fixed
 assets 

Notes
 payable 

Debt-free
 net working capital deficit 

Fair
 Value of Identified Net Assets 

Remaining
 Unidentified Goodwill Value 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

U-GO
STATIONS, INC. CONTINUED 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Less
 current liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Total
 current liabilities 

Debt
 free net working capital deficit 

The
below table provides select unaudited, pro forma consolidated results of operations as if the acquisition of U-Go had occurred on January
1, 2020. The pro forma results are not indicative of (i) the results of operations that would have occurred had the operations of this
acquisition actually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2020 or (ii) future results of operations. 

Net
 loss 
 () 

The
above pro forma information includes pro forma adjustments to remove the effect of the following non-recurring transactions: 

1) 
 Nonrecurring
 merger expenses of recognized in the Company s results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

As
of the date of the acquisition, the Company expects to collect all contractual cash flows related to receivables acquired in the acquisition.
Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements
of operations. Acquisition-related costs were during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

BLUELA
CARSHARING, LLC 

On
September 11, 2020 Closing Date ), the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Blink Mobility, LLC (the Purchaser ),
entered into an Ownership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Blue Systems USA, Inc. (the Seller ),
and pursuant thereto acquired from the Seller all of the ownership interests of BlueLA Carsharing, LLC BlueLA ). 

, payable within three business days after such amendment Contingent Consideration ). Under the
Agreement, the amendment to the carsharing services agreement with the City of Los Angeles was to be obtained by BlueLA no later than
December 31, 2020, subject to an extension to March 31, 2021 if a representative of the City of Los Angeles indicates to the Purchaser
by the December 31, 2020 deadline its approval of the modifications to the carsharing services agreement, as more particularly outlined
in the Agreement. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not receive an amendment nor indication to amend the carsharing service
agreement thus the Company is not obligated to the Contingent Consideration. 

The
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants for a transaction of this type and nature. Pursuant to the terms
of the Agreement, the Seller will indemnify the Company, the Purchaser and their respective affiliates and representatives for breaches
of the Seller s representations and warranties, breaches of covenants and losses related to pre-closing taxes of BlueLA. The Purchaser
has agreed to indemnify the Seller and its affiliates and representatives for any breaches of the Purchaser s representations and
warranties, breaches of covenants and losses related to post-closing taxes of BlueLA. The representations and warranties under the Agreement
survived until . 

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Seller and BlueLA entered into a Transition Service Agreement pursuant to which the Seller and its affiliate, Bluecarsharing,
S.A.S., provided certain transition and support services to BlueLA and the Purchaser following the closing and until December 31, 2020.
The Seller also guaranteed the payment of up to in parking fees payable by BlueLA to the City of Los Angeles, and BlueLA agreed
to pay the Seller for any as-yet uncollected grants and rebates that BlueLA is entitled to obtain under its carsharing services agreement
with the City of Los Angeles. In addition, the Seller agreed that, until September 10, 2023, the Seller will not and will cause its subsidiaries
or affiliates not to directly or indirectly, (i) own, operate, acquire, or establish a business, or in any other manner engage alone
or with others in carsharing and/or electric vehicle charging operation, or activity in the State of California (whether as an operator,
manager, employee, officer, director, consultant, advisor, representative or otherwise) excluding any de minimis ownership interest
in any business); or (ii) intentionally induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier or other business relation of BlueLA to cease
or refrain from working with BlueLA, or in any way adversely interfere with the relationship between any such customer, supplier or other
business relation and BlueLA. The Company had acquired BlueLA in order to expand its presence in the State of California. 

Under
the terms of the City of Los Angeles Agreement, amongst other obligations, during the initial term of the City of Los Angeles Agreement
(defined as approximately six years from the effective date of the City of Los Angeles Agreement), Following the initial term, the City of Los Angeles shall have the right to renew the City of Los
Angeles Agreement for renewal terms of two (2) years each, with prior notice required, for a maximum of three renewal terms. 

The
Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination under ASC 805. Accordingly, the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed were recorded at their estimated fair value based on the date of acquisition. Goodwill from the acquisition principally relates
to the Contingent Consideration as well as the excess value of assumed liabilities over the fair value of identified net assets. Since
this transaction was a stock acquisition, goodwill is not tax deductible. 

At
the date of acquisition, the purchase consideration consisted of cash, assumed liabilities and Contingent Consideration. The Contingent
Consideration of is non-interest bearing and was recorded at its estimated fair value of based on a probability-weighted
valuation technique used to determine the fair value of the Contingent Consideration on the acquisition date. See Note 11 Fair
Value Measurement for assumptions utilized in the estimate of fair value of the Contingent Consideration. During the fourth quarter of
2020, . 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

BLUELA
CARSHARING, LLC CONTINUED 

Total
 Purchase Consideration 

Less: 

Right
 of use assets 

Debt-free
 net working capital deficit 

Non-current
 portion of lease liabilities 

Fair
 Value of Identified Net Liabilities 

Remaining
 Unidentified Goodwill Value 

The
components of debt free net working capital deficit are as follows: 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Less
 current liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Current
 portion of lease liabilities 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Debt
 free net working capital deficit 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

3.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS CONTINUED 

BLUELA
CARSHARING, LLC CONTINUED 

The
below table provides select unaudited, pro forma consolidated results of operations as if the acquisition of BlueLA had occurred on January
1, 2020. The pro forma results are not indicative of (i) the results of operations that would have occurred had the operations of this
acquisition actually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2020 or (ii) future results of operations. 

Net loss 
 () 

The
above pro forma information includes pro forma adjustments to remove the effect of the following non-recurring transactions: 

1) 
 Gain
 of 
 recognized in the Seller s results
 of operations during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to the forgiveness of debt associated with liabilities to the Seller s
 parent; 

2) 
 Interest
 expense of 
 and 
 recognized in the Seller s results
 of operations during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, associated with the debt due to the Seller s
 parent that was subsequently forgiven; and 

3) 
 Nonrecurring
 merger expenses of 
 recognized in the Company s results of operations
 during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

As
of the date of the acquisition, the Company expected to collect all contractual cash flows related to receivables acquired in the acquisition.
Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements
of operations. Acquisition-related costs were 
 during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

Building 

Software 

Automobiles 

Office
 and computer equipment 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Machinery
 and equipment 

Property
 and equipment, gross 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense related to property and equipment was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020, respectively, of which, , and , respectively, was recorded within cost of sales in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company disposed of property and equipment with a net book value of , 
and which resulted in a loss on disposal of , and , respectively, which was included within general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company transferred charging stations of , and from inventory
into property and equipment. 

On
January 22, 2021, the Company completed its purchase of approximately square feet of office condominium space which became the
Company s corporate headquarters. The purchase price was , of which, was paid in the form of the Company s common
stock shares) and in cash. 

See
Note 3 - Business
Combination for additional details of the acquisition of property and equipment. 

Changes in the balance of property and equipment reflected on the balance sheet are the result of the impact of the
change in foreign currency exchange rates. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

years 
 
 Capitalized
 engineering costs 

Trade
 name and patents 

years 
 
 Customer
 relationships 

years 
 
 Favorable
 leases 

years 
 
 Internally
 developed technology 

years 
 
 Non-compete
 agreements 

years 

Less:
 accumulated amortization 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Amortization
expense during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and , respectively. 

Changes
in the balance of intangible assets and goodwill reflected on the balance sheet are the result of the impact of the change in foreign
currency exchange rates. 

See
Note 3 - Business Combination and Note 6 - Goodwill for additional details. 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Additions 

- 

Amortization
 expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December
 31, 2021 

Intangible assets beginning balance 

Additions 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Amortization
 expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

Intangible assets ending balance 

Weighted
 average remaining amortization period at December 31, 2022 (in years) 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Amortization
 expense 
 
 - 

Balance as of December
 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Intangible assets excluding goodwill beginning balance 
 
 - 

Amortization
 expense 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Intangible assets excluding goodwill ending balance 
 
 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Finite-lived
 intangible assets, net 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

Goodwil - beginning balance 

Acquisition
 of Electric Blue 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of SemaConnect 
 
 - 
 
 Accrual of additional consideration for U-Go Stations, Inc. 
 - 

Acquisition of Blue Corner 
 - 

Acquisition of Goodwill 

Effect
 of translation adjustments 

Ending
 balance - December 31, 

Goodwill
 - ending balance 

to the Target (the Initial Loan ), of which, was loaned by the Company during the second quarter of 2022 and 
was loaned in July 2022 pursuant to a 6 Secured Convertible Promissory Note signed by the Target. Under the terms of the Initial Loan,
if the Company proceeds with the possible stock purchase of the Target, the principal and accrued interest amount under the Initial Loan
will be deducted from the cash consideration paid to the Target s shareholders at closing. If, however, the Company determines
not to proceed with the possible stock purchase of the Target, the Initial Loan will continue to accrue interest per annum, and mature
on the earliest of (i) a Change of Control (as defined in such note); (ii) the closing of the next investment round by
the Target; (iii) an Event of Default (as defined in such note); or (iv) May 1, 2027. 

On September 22, 2022, the Company signed a letter agreement concerning the extension of the development work that
the Target was performing for a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Subsidiary under a Master Service Agreement
that was executed on April 29, 2022 (the Letter Agreement ). Under the Letter Agreement, the Company agreed to extend additional
loans to the Target to enable it to expand the development work and to expedite the delivery of the development outcomes (the Product to the Subsidiary. In addition, the Company extended to the Target additional funding of for hiring additional developers and an
additional to support the Target s operations until the development work is finalized and accepted by the Company. The total
amount of the loans is (the Development Loan ), which had been loaned to the Target as of December 31, 2022. The Development
Loan was made pursuant to a 6 Grid Secured Convertible Promissory Note and an additional letter agreement, dated September 22, 2022,
signed by the Target with terms and conditions similar to those of the Initial Loan (the Grid Note ). The Development Loan
has additional terms which provide that the Company may forfeit the Development Loan if the Target timely delivers the Product and the
Company fails to close the acquisition of the Target shortly thereafter. If, however, the Target fails to complete the development work
on time, the Company will not be obligated to close the acquisition of the Target and the entire Development Loan will be payable to the
Company under the same terms of the Initial Loan. 

As
of December 31, 2022, a total of of loans made by the Company to the Target were included in other assets on the consolidated
balance sheet. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

Other accrued expenses 

Accrued host fees 

Accrued professional, board and other fees 

Accrued commissions 

Warranty payable 

Accrued income, property and sales taxes payable 

Accrued issuable equity 

Accrued purchases 

Internal use software liability 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total accrued expenses 

See
Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies Taxes. 

in connection with a loan (the PPP Loan under the CARES Act Paycheck Protection
Program (the PPP ). As of December 31, 2020, the Company had utilized all of the proceeds of the PPP Loan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company obtained forgiveness for its PPP Loans in the amount of 
 and recorded a gain on settlement of debt on the consolidated statement of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

OTHER
NOTES PAYABLE 

In
connection with the U-Go acquisition, the Company had also assumed in notes payable, however, these notes were subsequently repaid
during the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 3 Business Combination U-GO Stations, Inc. Acquisition for details. 

In
connection with the SemaConnect and EB acquisitions, the Company had also assumed certain notes payable, however, of principal were
subsequently repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 3 Business Combination for details. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an outstanding note payable in the principal amount of . 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

Prepaid
 network, charging and maintenance fees 

Total
 deferred revenue 

Deferred
 revenue, non-current portion 

Current
 portion of deferred revenue 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

- 
 - 
 
 Contractual
 term (years) 

- 
 
 Expected
 volatility 
 74 - 85 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected
 dividend yield 

- 
 
 Change
 in fair value of contingent consideration 
 
 - 
 
 Ending
 balance - December 31, 
 
 - 

Warrant
 Liability 

Beginning balance -
 January 1 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liability 

Ending
 balance - December 31, 

- 

Total
 assets 
 - 
 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Option liability 
 
 - 
 - 

Contingent consideration 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
 liability 
 - 
 - 

Total
 liabilities 
 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Assets: 

Alternative fuel credits 
 - 
 
 - 

Total assets 
 - 
 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Common stock liability 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant liability 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities 
 
 - 

See Note 3 - Business Combinations for additional details. 

In
addition to assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, we also measure certain assets and liabilities
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Our non-financial assets, including goodwill, intangible assets, operating lease right of use
assets, and property, plant and equipment, are measured at fair value when there is an indication of impairment and the carrying amount
exceeds the asset s projected undiscounted cash flows. These assets are recorded at fair value only when an impairment charge is
recognized. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

shares of common stock, par value, and shares of preferred stock, 
par value. The preferred stock is designated as follows:
 shares to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; shares to Series B Convertible Preferred Stock; shares to Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock; shares to Series D Convertible Preferred Stock; and shares undesignated. 

OMNIBUS
INCENTIVE PLANS 

On
September 7, 2018, the Board of the Company, as well as a majority of the Company s shareholders approved the Company s 2018
Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2018 Plan ), which enables the Company to grant stock options, restricted stock, dividend
equivalents, stock payments, deferred stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance share awards, and other incentive
awards to associates, directors, consultants, and advisors of the Company and its affiliates, and to improve the ability of the Company
to attract, retain, and motivate individuals upon whom the Company s sustained growth and financial success depend, by providing
such persons with an opportunity to acquire or increase their proprietary interest in the Company. Stock options granted under the 2018
Plan may be non-qualified stock options or incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, except that stock options granted to outside directors and any consultants or advisers providing services to the Company or
an affiliate shall in all cases be non-qualified stock options. The option price must be at least of the fair market value on the
date of grant and if issued to a or greater shareholder must be at least of the fair market value on the date of the grant.
The 2018 Plan is to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, which shall have discretion over the awards and grants
thereunder. 

The
aggregate maximum number of shares of common stock for which stock options or awards may be granted pursuant to the 2018 Plan is ,
adjusted as provided in Section 4 of the 2018 Plan. No awards may be issued on or after September 7, 2028. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, options to purchase and shares of options were outstanding, respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock, respectively, were outstanding to employees and members of the Board
of Directors of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and securities available for future issuance
under the 2018 Plan, respectively. 

PUBLIC
OFFERING 

In
January 2021, the Company completed an underwritten registered public offering of shares of common stock at a public offering
price of per share. The Company received in gross proceeds from the public offering, and in net proceeds after
deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses paid by the Company. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and one other
officer participated in the offering by selling a total of shares of the Company s common stock from the exercise of the
underwriter s option to purchase additional shares. The public offering was made pursuant to the Company s automatic shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021 and prospectus supplement dated January 7, 2021. 

See
Note 17 Subsequent Events Public Offering for details of an offering the Company closed subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

2022
AT-THE-MARKET OFFERING 

On
September 2, 2022, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement Sales Agreement with Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities,
Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., ThinkEquity LLC, H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Agents to conduct an at-the-market equity offering program (the 2022 ATM pursuant to which the Company may issue
and sell from time to time shares of its common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to through the Agents, as the
Company s sales agents. The shares are being offered pursuant to the Sales Agreement under the Company s automatic shelf
registration statement on Form S-3ASR and a prospectus supplement thereto filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021 and September 2, 2022,
respectively. During 2022 and through December 31, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of common stock under the ATM
program for aggregate gross proceeds of , less issuance costs of which were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in
capital. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

12.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CONTINUED 

2020
AT-THE-MARKET OFFERING 

On
April 17, 2020, the Company entered into a sales agreement Sales Agreement with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Agent to conduct an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM ), pursuant to which the Company may issue and
sell from time-to-time shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to (the Shares through
the Agent. Sales of the Shares under the Sales Agreement were made in transactions that were deemed to be at-the-market offerings 
as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made by means of ordinary brokers transactions,
including on the Nasdaq Capital Market, at market prices or as otherwise agreed to with the Agent. A shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 for the Shares was filed with the SEC, which became effective on September 16, 2019, and a prospectus supplement
thereto was filed with the SEC on April 17, 2020. 

During
2020 and through December 31, 2020, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of common stock under the ATM program for aggregate
gross proceeds of , less issuance costs of which were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

PREFERRED
STOCK 

SERIES
D CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, a holder elected to convert shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock into shares
of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. The Company determined that the Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock did not include a beneficial conversion feature. There are no longer any currently outstanding shares of Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock. 

COMMON
STOCK 

2020 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to employees of the Company and consultants
with an aggregate issuance date fair value of . 

See
Note 12 Stockholder s Equity - Preferred Stock for details associated with the issuance of common stock in connection with
the conversion of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. 

2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares as partial consideration for its acquisition of Blue Corner. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares as compensation for services. The shares had an issuance
date fair value of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares as partial consideration for the purchase of property and equipment.
See Note 4 Property and Equipment for additional details. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant to cashless warrant and
options exercises. 

2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares as compensation for services. The shares had an issuance
date fair value of . 

See
elsewhere within this Note, Note 3 - Business Combinations and Note 14 Related Parties for additional details related to the
issuance of common stock. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

12.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CONTINUED 

STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION 

The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to common stock, stock options and warrants for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 of , , and , respectively, which is included within compensation expense on the consolidated
statement of operations. As December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense that will be recognized
over the weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 

On
July 29, 2022, Michael D. Farkas, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and other senior executives of the Company
who are responsible for the acquisition and integration of SemaConnect were granted one-time performance-based restricted stock awards
under the Company s 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan. A total number of shares of common stock, with a market value on
the grant date of , were awarded to the executives. The agreements provide that Messrs. Farkas, Brendan S. Jones, President, Michael
P. Rama, Chief Financial Officer, Aviv Hillo, General Counsel, and Harjinder Bhade, Chief Technology Officer, will each receive ,
 , , and shares of common stock, respectively. The awards of performance-based restricted stock are intended
to provide an appropriate incentive structure for the executive management team of the Company to integrate and commercialize the SemaConnect
acquisition given the transformational nature of the acquisition in a way that is aligned with stockholder interests. The awards of these
performance-based restricted stock become vested based on a series of six performance hurdles that must be achieved before the third
anniversary of the grants, as described in greater detail below. In addition to the closing of , which is over the price paid by us to SemaConnect shareholders in the acquisition, in each case without regard to the
order of achieving the foregoing hurdles. The Board has discretion to determine when each performance hurdle has been achieved and to
accelerate awards pursuant to the program. As of December 31, 2022, the vesting performance hurdles related to the closing of the SemaConnect
acquisition and clause (v) outlined above was met. 

WARRANT
AND OPTION VALUATION 

The
Company has computed the fair value of certain warrants and options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Option forfeitures
are reduction of previous expensed amount at the time of occurrence. The expected term used for options issued is the estimated period
of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The Company utilizes the simplified method to develop an estimate
of the expected term of plain vanilla employee option grants. The Company is utilizing an expected volatility figure based
on a review of the historical volatility of the Company over a period equivalent to the expected life of the instrument being valued.
The risk-free interest rate was determined from the implied yields from U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with a remaining term consistent
with the expected term of the instrument being valued. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

12.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CONTINUED 

STOCK
OPTIONS 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected
 term (years) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected
 volatility 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected
 dividends 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the
cashless exercise of options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the
cashless exercise of options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to an
option exercise for aggregate net proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant to warrant exercises for aggregate
net proceeds of . 

See
Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies CEO Employment Agreement for details associated with options granted to the Company s
CEO. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/forfeited/expired 

Outstanding,
 December 31, 2022 

Exercisable,
 December 31, 2022 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

12.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CONTINUED 

STOCK
OPTIONS CONTINUED 

- 

- 

- 

STOCK
WARRANTS 

Note
11 Fair Value Measurement and elsewhere within this note for additional details. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the
exercise of warrants at an exercise price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock representing a modification of
the initial warrant exercise pursuant to a legal settlement. See Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and
Disputes for details. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock pursuant to cashless warrant exercises (of which, warrants to purchase shares of common stock with a
weighted average exercise price of per share were exercised) and an aggregate of 
shares of common stock pursuant to warrant exercises for aggregate net proceeds of . 

Issued 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 

Cancelled/forfeited/expired 

Outstanding,
 December 31, 2022 

Exercisable,
 December 31, 2022 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

12.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CONTINUED 

STOCK
WARRANTS CONTINUED 

State: 

Current 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 

Foreign: 

Current 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 
 - 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 
 - 

No federal or state current tax provision has been recorded for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 because the Company had net operating losses for federal and state tax purposes. However, due
to the merger with SemaConnect, for the year ended December 31, 2022, a current foreign tax provision was recorded related to the Company s
operations in India. The net operating loss carryovers may be subject to annual limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382, and
similar state provisions, should there be a greater than 50 ownership change as determined under the applicable income tax regulations.
The amount of the limitation would be determined based on the value of the company immediately prior to the ownership change and subsequent
ownership changes could further impact the amount of the annual limitation. An ownership change pursuant to Section 382 may have occurred
in the past or could happen in the future, such that the NOLs available for utilization could be significantly limited. The Company will
perform a Section 382 analysis in the future. The related decrease in the deferred tax asset will be offset by the decrease in valuation
allowance. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

13.
INCOME TAXES CONTINUED 

State
 income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent
 differences: 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Tax
 credits 

Income
 from non-includable foreign entities 

Prior
 year differences 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Foreign tax 

Effective
 income tax rate 

The
Company has determined that a valuation allowance for the entire net deferred tax asset is required. A valuation allowance is required
if, based on the weight of evidence, it is more likely than not that some or the entire portion of the deferred tax asset will not be
realized. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that a full valuation allowance
is necessary to reduce the deferred tax asset to zero, the amount that will more likely not be realized. 

Foreign 

Total 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

13.
INCOME TAXES CONTINUED 

Net operating loss carryforwards - states 
 
 - 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards - UK 
 
 - 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards -
 Belgium 
 
 - 
 
 Tax credits 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Accruals 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

Goodwill 

Capitalized Sec. 174 R E 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 
 - 

Other 

Deferred
 tax assets, gross 

Deferred
 Tax Liabilities: 

Intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed
 assets 

Unrealized gain/loss 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 tax asset reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Deferred
 tax Liabilities, gross 

Net
 deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 
 - 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately of
which, may be used to offset future taxable income through 2037 and the remaining of net operating loss carry forwards
incurred after 2017, do not have an expiration date. In addition, state NOLs carryforwards available are approximately , as of
December 31, 2022.The Company also has approximately in business credits . 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

Cyprus entities entered into a shareholders agreement on February 11, 2019, pertaining to the parties respective
shareholdings in a new joint venture entity, Blink Charging Europe Ltd. (the Entity ), that was formed under the laws
of Cyprus on the same date. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company is not required to fund operating losses. The Company owns 
of the Entity while another entity owns 
of the Entity. The Entity currently owns 
of a Greek subsidiary, Blink Charging Hellas SA Hellas ), which started operations in the Greek EV market. There are
currently no plans for the Company to make any capital contributions or investments. During year ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
2020, the Company recognized sales of , 
and ,
respectively, to Hellas. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had a receivable from Hellas of approximately and ,
respectively, and payable of and , respectively. The Company determined that the Entity is a variable interest entity, however, the Company does not have a controlling
financial interest and, as a result, the Company is not required to consolidate the Entity and instead has applied equity method
accounting to its investment in the Entity. From inception through December 31, 2022, the Entity has not generated net income and,
as a result, pursuant to ASC 323, the Company has not recorded a gain or loss on its equity method investment in the Entity during
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

BLUE
CORNER 

As
of December 31, 2021, three senior management employees in Blue Corner had an ownership interest in a major supplier of charging equipment
for Blue Corner. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owed approximately 
 to this supplier. As of December 31, 2022, this
related party relationship does not exist since, as of December 31, 2022, those senior management employees are no longer with Blue Corner.
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made purchases of with these related parties. 

ELECTRIC
BLUE LIMITED 

As
of December 31, 2022, several close family members of a senior management employee are providing services to Electric Blue Limited.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, these related parties have collectively provided services worth to Electric Blue
Limited. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, there were purchase commitments of 
to the same related parties. 

square feet of space in Arizona.
 The lease includes a build-out allowance of . Monthly
payments under the lease are per month. The lease also includes a security deposit of . 

Total
operating lease expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively, and is recorded
in other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Operating lease expenses consist of rent expense, CAM adjustments
and other expenses. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had of right-of-use assets that were classified as financing leases for vehicles associated with
the operations of Blink Mobility are included as a component of property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet as of December
31, 2022. The duration of the leases are and the Company is expected to pay approximately throughout the term. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded of interest expense related to finance leases, which were recorded within
interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded amortization
expense of related to finance leases. There were finance leases as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

15.
LEASES CONTINUED 

OPERATING
LEASES CONTINUED 

Financing
 cash flows from finance leases 
 
 - 
 - 

Right-of-use
 assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating
 leases 

Finance
 leases 
 
 - 
 - 

Weighted
 Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating
 leases 

Finance
 leases 
 
 - 
 - 

Weighted
 Average Discount Rate 

Operating
 leases 

Finance
 leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 
 
 - 

2027 
 
 - 

Total
 future minimum lease payments 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Total 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

which will become payable upon the
suppliers delivery of the charging stations and other related items. The purchase commitments were made primarily for future
sales, deployments of charging stations, inventory management planning and other related items, all of which are expected to be
received during the next 12-24 months. 

PATENT
LICENSE AGREEMENT 

On
March 29, 2012, the Company, as licensee (the Licensee entered into an exclusive patent license agreement with the Executive
Chairman of the Board and Balance Holdings, LLC (an entity controlled by the Executive Chairman) (collectively, the Licensor ),
whereby the Company agreed to pay a royalty of of the gross profits received by the Company from commercial sales and/or use of two
provisional patent applications, one relating to an inductive charging parking bumper and one relating to a process which allows multiple
EVs to plug into an EV charging station simultaneously and charge as the current becomes available. 

On
March 11, 2016, the Licensee and the Licensor entered into an agreement related to the March 29, 2012 patent license agreement. The parties
acknowledged that the Licensee has paid a total of in registration and legal fees for the U.S. Provisional Patent Application No.
61529016 (the Patent Application (related to the inductive charging parking bumper) to date. Effective March 11, 2016,
the patent license agreement, solely with respect to the Patent Application and the parties rights and obligations thereto, was
terminated. The Executive Chairman of the Board agreed to be solely responsible for all future costs and fees associated with the prosecution
of the patent application. In the event the Patent Application is successful, the Executive Chairman of the Board shall grant a credit
to the Licensee in the amount of 9 to be applied against any outstanding amount(s) owed to him. If the Licensee does not have any outstanding
payment obligations to the Executive Chairman of the Board at the time the Patent Application is approved, the Executive Chairman of
the Board shall remit the 9 to the Licensee within twenty (20) days of the approval. The parties agreed to a mutual release of any claims
associated with the patent license agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not paid nor incurred any royalty fees related
to this patent license agreement. 

LITIGATION,
DISPUTES AND SETTLEMENTS 

On
August 24, 2020, a purported securities class action lawsuit, captioned Bush v. Blink Charging Co. et al., Case No. 20-cv-23527, was
filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida against the Company, Michael Farkas (Blink s
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer), and Michael Rama (Blink s Chief Financial Officer) (the Bush
Lawsuit ). On September 1, 2020, another purported securities class action lawsuit, captioned Vittoria v. Blink Charging Co.
et al., Case No. 20-cv-23643, was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida against the same
defendants and seeking to recover the same alleged damages (the Vittoria Lawsuit ). On October 1, 2020, the court
consolidated the Vittoria Lawsuit with the Bush Lawsuit and on December 21, 2020 the court appointed Tianyou Wu, Alexander Yu and H.
Marc Joseph to serve as the Co-Lead Plaintiffs. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint on February 19, 2021. The Amended
Complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants made false or misleading statements about the size and functionality of
the Blink Network and asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Amended Complaint
does not quantify damages but seeks to recover damages on behalf of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Blink s
common stock between March 6, 2020 and August 19, 2020. On April 20, 2021, Blink and the other defendants filed a motion to dismiss
the Amended Complaint, which has now been fully briefed and is ready for review. On April 7, 2022, the court held oral argument on
the motion to dismiss but did not issue a decision. The Company wholly and completely disputes the allegations therein. The Company
has retained legal counsel in order to defend the action vigorously. The Company has not recorded an accrual related to this matter
as of December 31, 2022 as it determined that any such loss contingency was either not probable or estimable. 

BLINK
 CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

16.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES CONTINUED 

LITIGATION,
DISPUTES AND SETTLEMENTS CONTINUED 

On
September 15, 2020, a shareholder derivative lawsuit, captioned Klein (derivatively on behalf of Blink Charging Co.) v. Farkas et al.,
Case No. 20- 19815CA01, was filed in Miami-Dade County Circuit Court seeking to pursue claims belonging to the Company against Blink s
Board of Directors and Michael Rama (the Klein Lawsuit ). Blink is named as a nominal defendant. The Klein Lawsuit asserts
that the Director defendants caused Blink to make the statements that are at issue in the securities class action and, as a result, the
Company will incur costs defending against the consolidated Bush Lawsuit and other unidentified investigations. The Klein Lawsuit asserts
claims against the Director defendants for breach of fiduciary duties and corporate waste and against all of the defendants for unjust
enrichment. Klein did not quantify the alleged damages in his complaint, but he seeks damages sustained by the Company as a result of
the defendants breaches of fiduciary duties, corporate governance changes, restitution, and disgorgement of profits from the defendants
and attorneys fees and other litigation expenses. The parties agreed to temporarily stay the Klein Lawsuit until there is a ruling
on the motion to dismiss filed in the consolidated Bush Lawsuit. On June 17, 2022, the court substituted the executrix of Klein s
estate as the plaintiff. The Company has not recorded an accrual related to this matter as of December 31, 2022 as it determined that
any such loss contingency was either not probable or estimable. 

On
December 23, 2020, another shareholder derivative action, captioned Bhatia (derivatively on behalf of Blink Charging Co.) v. Farkas et
al., Case No. 20-27632CA01, was filed in Miami-Dade County Circuit Court against the same defendants sued in the Klein Lawsuit and asserting
similar claims, as well as additional claims relating to the Company s nomination, appointment and hiring of minorities and women
and the Company s decision to retain its outside auditor (the Bhatia Lawsuit ). On February 17, 2021, the parties
agreed to consolidate the Klein and Bhatia actions, which the court consolidated under the caption In re Blink Charging Company Stockholder
Derivative Litigation, Lead Case No. 2020-019815-CA-01. The parties also agreed to keep in place the temporary stay. The court subsequently
vacated the consolidation order and explained the parties should first file a motion to transfer, which the parties have done. On June
22, 2022, the court re-consolidated the Klein and Bhatia actions and reinstated the temporary stay. The Company wholly and completely
disputes the allegations therein. The Company has retained legal counsel in order to defend the action vigorously. The Company has not
recorded an accrual related to this matter as of December 31, 2022 as it determined that any such loss contingency was either not probable
or estimable. 

On
February 12, 2021, another shareholder derivative lawsuit, captioned Wolery (derivatively on behalf of Blink Charging Co.) v.
Buffalino et al., Case No. A-21-829395-C, was filed in the Eighth Judicial District Court in Clark County, Nevada seeking to pursue
claims belonging to the Company against Blink s Board of Directors (the Wolery Lawsuit ). Blink is named as a
nominal defendant. The Wolery complaint alleges that the amount of restricted stock awarded to Blink s outside directors in
December 2020 exceeded the amounts permitted by Blink s incentive compensation plan. The complaint asks the court to rescind
the excess restricted stock awards, as well as other relief. On September 15, 2021, the parties entered into a term sheet in which
they agreed to settle the claims subject to the court s approval. On April 18, 2022, the court signed a final judgment
approving the settlement and dismissing the lawsuit with prejudice. As a result of the settlement, the Company has agreed to make
certain changes to its compensation practices for its directors and officers, including, among other things, eliminating the
practice of making cash payments to directors to cover expected income taxes on stock grants and placing a 
annual limit for two years on the combined stock and cash awards to outside directors. The defendants did not admit any liability or
wrongdoing in the settlement and will not make any cash payment as part of the settlement, but the Company will be responsible for
paying the costs to give notice of the settlement to the Company s shareholders and to pay 
in attorney s fees to the plaintiff s counsel which was paid in April 2022. 

On
February 7, 2022, another shareholder derivative lawsuit, captioned McCauley (derivatively on behalf of Blink Charging Co.) v. Farkas
et al., Case No. A-22-847894-C, was filed in the Eighth Judicial District Court in Clark County, Nevada, seeking to pursue claims belonging
to the Company against six of Blink s directors and Michael Rama (the McCauley Lawsuit ). Blink is named as a nominal
defendant. The complaint filed in the McCauley Lawsuit asserts similar allegations to the Klein Lawsuit relating to the statements at
issue in the securities class action and asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment. The McCauley Lawsuit seeks
both injunctive and monetary relief from the individual defendants, as well as an award of attorneys fees and costs. On March
29, 2022, the Nevada court approved the parties stipulation to temporarily stay the McCauley Lawsuit until there is a ruling on
the motion to dismiss filed in the consolidated Bush Lawsuit. The Company has not recorded an accrual related to this matter as of December
31, 2022 as it determined that any such loss contingency was either not probable or estimable. 

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except for share and per share amounts) 

16.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES CONTINUED 

WARRANTY 

The
Company estimates an approximate cost of to repair deployed chargers, which the Company owns as of December 31, 2022. 

CHARGING
NETWORK UPGRADES 

As
electric vehicle charging requirements and technologies change, driven by federal, state or local regulatory authorities or by electric
vehicle manufacturers or other technology or services providers for the charging station industry, in particular cellular connectivity
technology, the Company may need to upgrade or adapt its charging station products or introduce new products in order to serve new vehicles,
conform to new standards, or adapt new technologies to serve existing customers or new customers at substantial research, development,
and network upgrades costs. During 2021, many cellular technology providers announced they will require the upgrade from 2G/3G connectivity
to 4G LTE during 2022 (the Upgrade ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred related to these upgrades.
As of December 31, 2022, the charger upgrades were substantially complete. 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENTS 

MICHAEL
D. FARKAS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company entered into a new employment agreement (the Employment Agreement with the Company s Executive
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ). The term of the Employment Agreement is (the Term ). 

Under
the Employment Agreement, the CEO will receive a base salary of for 2021 and and for 2022 and 2023, respectively. The
CEO will be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus (payable in cash and securities), with a target bonus of of the base
salary, with the CEO eligible to receive up to of the base salary based on the achievement of key performance indicators established
by the Board of Directors and the CEO KPIs ). The CEO will receive equity awards (one-half in restricted stock and one-half
in stock options) with a target aggregate value of , the CEO is eligible to receive up to 200 of the target aggregate value based
on the achievement of KPIs during each year of the Term. The CEO also received a special four-year performance option to purchase 
shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, which will vest if the Company s stock price on the NASDAQ exchange
reaches and remains on average for a period of 20 consecutive market days at a closing price of per share during the four-year term
of the option. The performance option had a grant date fair value of approximately , which was estimated using a third-party specialist
who utilized a Monte Carlo simulation model. The assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation model were as follows: the closing stock
price on the valuation date of , exercise price of , the contractual term of , expected volatility of the Company s
stock of , and the risk free rate of interest of . The Company is recognizing the fair value over the derived service period
of the award, which was determined to be years. 

The Employment Agreement also contains covenants (a) restricting Mr. Farkas from engaging in any activities competitive with the Company s
business during the Term and one year thereafter, (b) prohibiting Mr. Farkas from disclosure of confidential information regarding the
Company at any time and (c) confirming that all intellectual property developed by Mr. Farkas during the term of the employment agreement
which specifically relates to the EV charging business constitutes the Company s sole and exclusive property. Mr. Farkas may be
entitled to additional bonuses should his developments be commercialized by the Company. 

The
Employment Agreement provides that a commission sales agreement entered into on November 17, 2009 between an entity controlled by the
CEO and a predecessor to the Company will remain suspended and no payments will be due thereunder for as long as the CEO is a full-time
employee of the Company and is paid a monthly salary of at least . Finally, the Company and the CEO agreed to resolve a dispute over
the CEO s transfer of shares of the Company s common stock to a prior institutional investor through a settlement
agreement and payment of from the Company to the CEO. The payment of was recognized as a part of other operating expenses
in the statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

MATERIAL
AGREEMENT 

In
October 2021, the Company negotiated and executed an amendment and extension to its agreement with a contract manufacturer of the Company.
The amendment extends the term of the agreement for an additional five (5) years. Accordingly, the Company could potentially incur additional
costs related to units ordered that were subsequently canceled or otherwise not fulfilled. 

shares of its common stock at a public offering
price of per share. The Company received approximately in gross proceeds from the public offering and approximately 
in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses paid by the Company. In addition, the underwriters have
a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock from the Company at the public offering price, less
the underwriting discounts and commissions. The public offering was made pursuant to our automatic shelf registration statement on Form
S-3 filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021, and prospectus supplement dated February 8, 2023. Barclays acted as the sole book-running
manager for the offering. H.C. Wainwright Co., Roth Capital Partners and ThinkEquity acted as co-managers for the offering. 

F- 49 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Blink
Charging Co. List of Subsidiaries 

Name
 of Entity 
 
 State
 or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Beam
 Charging, LLC 
 
 New
 York 
 
 Blink
 Charging, LTD 
 
 Israel 
 
 Blink
 Holdings B.V 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 Blink
 Charging Europe, LTD 
 
 Cyprus 
 
 Blink
 Charging International, LTD 
 
 Cyprus 
 
 Blink
 Network, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Blink
 Charging, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Blink
 Charging Group (CA), Inc. 
 
 California 

Blink
 I Holdings, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Blink/PAT
 LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Blink/Brixmor,
 LLC 
 
 New
 York 
 
 EV
 Pass, LLC 
 
 New
 York 
 
 eCharging
 Stations, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Ecotality,
 Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 BlueLA
 Carsharing LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Blue
 Mobility LLC 
 
 California 
 
 U-Go
 Stations Inc 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Blink
 EV LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Blue
 Corner NV 

Belgium 
 
 Blink
 Charging Mexico S de RL de CV 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Blink
 Charging Colombia S.A.S. 
 
 Colombia 
 
 Blink
 Charging Chile SPA 
 
 Chile 
 
 Blink
 Charging El Salvador S.A. 
 
 El
 Salvador 
 
 Blink
 Charging Ireland 
 
 Ireland 
 
 Blink
 Charging Software Solutions PVT LTD 
 
 India 
 
 Blink Hellas SA 
 
 Greece 
 
 BG
 Energy Solutions LLC (51 owned) 
 
 Florida 
 
 CCGI
 Holdings LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 SemaConnect
 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 SemaConnect
 Systems India PVT LTD 
 
 India 
 
 SemaConnect
 Charging Infra PVT LTD 
 
 India 

40 owned. 

All
other subsidiaries are wholly owned by Blink Charging Co. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Blink Charging Co. on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-233580 and 333-251919)
and Form S-8 (File No. 333-255137) of our report dated March 14, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial
statements of Blink Charging Co. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020 and our report dated March 14, 2023 with respect to our audit of internal control over financial reporting of Blink Charging
Co. as of December 31, 2022, which reports are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blink Charging Co. for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Our
report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expressed an adverse opinion because of the existence of a material
weakness. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, NY 

 March
14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Michael D. Farkas, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blink Charging Co.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael D. Farkas 

Michael D. Farkas 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

March 14, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Michael P. Rama, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blink Charging Co.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael P. Rama 

Michael P. Rama 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 14, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with this Annual Report of Blink Charging Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. Farkas, Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Blink Charging Co. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael D. Farkas 

Michael D. Farkas 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

March 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Blink Charging Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael P. Rama, Chief Financial
Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 Such
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and results of operations of Blink Charging Co. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael P. Rama 

Michael
 P. Rama 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March
 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 blnk-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 blnk-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 blnk-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 blnk-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

