<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_894315_0000950170-23-003924.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32962833</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>365427</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2706871</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18042987</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3867265</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7124008</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003924.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223065323
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003924
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SITE Centers Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000894315
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				341723097
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11690
		FILM NUMBER:		23655851

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY
		CITY:			BEACHWOOD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2167555500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY
		CITY:			BEACHWOOD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DDR CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEVELOPERS DIVERSIFIED REALTY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003924.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 sitc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Be7.427.37 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 
 to 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

, Par Value Per Share 

Depositary Shares, each representing 1/20 of a share of 6.375 Class A without Par Value 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 , was billion. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 common shares outstanding as of February 15, 2023 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE O F CONTENTS 

Item No. 

Report Page 

PART I 

1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 7 

1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 21 

2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 21 

3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 28 

4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 28 

PART II 

5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 29 

6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 29 

7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 30 

7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 51 

8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 52 

9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 53 

9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 53 

9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 53 

9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 53 

PART III 

10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 54 

11 . 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 54 

12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 55 

13 . 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 55 

14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 55 

PART IV 

15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 56 

16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 60 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 P ART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSI NESS 
 Overview 
 SITE Centers Corp., an Ohio corporation (the Company or SITE Centers ), is a self-administered and self-managed Real Estate Investment Trust REIT engaged in the business of owning, leasing, acquiring, redeveloping, developing and managing shopping centers. Unless otherwise provided, references herein to the Company or SITE Centers include SITE Centers Corp. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 The Company is self-administered and self-managed, and therefore, has not engaged, nor does it expect to retain, any REIT advisor. The Company manages all of its shopping centers which are collectively referred to herein as the Portfolio Properties . At December 31, 2022, the Company owned 119 shopping centers (including 18 shopping centers owned through unconsolidated joint ventures) aggregated 27.0 million square feet of gross leasable area GLA through all its properties (wholly-owned and joint venture). At December 31, 2022, the aggregate occupancy of the Company s operating shopping center portfolio was 92.4 on a pro rata basis, and the average annualized base rent per occupied square foot was 19.52, on a pro rata basis. 
 The primary source of the Company s income is generated from the rental of the Company s Portfolio Properties to tenants. In addition, the Company generates revenue from its management contracts with its unconsolidated joint ventures and, in 2021 and 2020, from its management contract with Retail Value Inc. RVI ). 
 On July 1, 2018, SITE Centers completed the spin-off of RVI. At the time of the spin-off, RVI owned 48 shopping centers, composed of 36 assets in the continental U.S. and 12 assets in Puerto Rico, representing 2.7 billion of gross book asset value and 16 million square feet of GLA. On April 12, 2022, RVI sold its last asset, and the Company is currently engaged by RVI to administer the wind-up of RVI's business. 
 Strategy 
 The overall investment, operating and financing policies of the Company, which govern a variety of activities, such as capital allocations, dividends and status as a REIT, are determined by management and the Board of Directors. Although management and the Board of Directors have no present intention to materially amend or revise the Company s policies, the Board of Directors may do so from time to time without a vote of the Company s shareholders. 
 The Company's mission is to own and manage open-air shopping centers located in suburban, high household income communities. The Company strives to deliver total shareholder returns through earnings and cash flow growth, a sustainable dividend and a strong balance sheet that is well positioned through various economic cycles. 
 Looking forward, growth opportunities within the Company's core property operations include rental rate increases, continued lease-up of the portfolio and the adaptation of existing site plans and square footage to generate higher blended rental rates and operating cash flows. Additional growth opportunities include acquisitions and tactical redevelopment. Management intends to use retained cash flow, proceeds from the sale of lower growth assets and proceeds from equity offerings and debt financings to fund capital expenditures relating to new leasing activity, acquisitions, opportunistic investments and tactical redevelopment activity. In recent years, the Company s acquisition activities have largely focused on unanchored, convenience retail properties that offer enhanced prospects for cash flow growth through rent increases and lower capital expenditure requirements. 
 The Company believes the following serve as cornerstones for the execution of its strategy: 
 Maximization of recurring cash flows through strong leasing and core property operations; 

Growth in Company cash flows through capital recycling, especially the redeployment of capital from mature, slower growing assets into acquisitions that offer greater prospects for growth in property-level cash flows; 

Enhancement of property cash flows through creative, proactive tactical redevelopment efforts that result in the profitable adaptation of site plans to better suit retail tenant and community demands; 

Risk mitigation through continuous focus on maintaining prudent leverage levels and lengthy average debt maturities, as well as access to a diverse selection of capital sources, including the secured and unsecured debt markets, unsecured lines of credit, common equity and capital from a wide range of joint venture partners and 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Sustainability of growth through a constant focus on relationships with employee, community and investor constituencies. 

COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized COVID-19 as a pandemic, which had significant impact on the Company s collections rates in 2020. The Company s collection rates improved throughout 2021, and collection rates in 2022 were generally consistent with pre-pandemic levels. The Company's tenants, including tenants previously on the cash basis of accounting, are paying their monthly rent in a manner consistent with periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic and have generally repaid deferred rents relating to prior periods. As of December 31, 2022, the COVID-19 related rent deferral arrangements for tenants that are not accounted for on the cash basis have been repaid. Included in 2022 and 2021 results was 3.6 million and 13.8 million of prior period rental revenue, at SITE Centers share, respectively, primarily from cash-basis tenants. 
 Any new surges in contagion or new COVID-19 variants could adversely impact the Company s ability to lease space and collect rents. Certain tenant categories remain especially vulnerable to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including movie theaters, fitness centers and restaurants that rely on in-person dining, activities and entertainment. For a further discussion of the impact of the COVID 19 pandemic on the Company s business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Report on Form 10-K and Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financing Activities and Economic Conditions included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in Part II of this Report on Form 10-K. 
 Narrative Description of Business 
 The Company s portfolio as of December 31, 2022, consisted of 119 shopping centers (including 18 centers owned through unconsolidated joint ventures) located in 20 states. The following tables present the operating statistics affecting base and percentage rental revenues summarized by the following portfolios: pro rata combined shopping center portfolio, wholly-owned shopping center portfolio and joint venture shopping center portfolio: 

Pro Rata Combined Shopping Center Portfolio December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Centers owned (at 100 
 
 119 

136 

Aggregate occupancy rate 
 
 92.4 

90.0 

Average annualized base rent per occupied square foot 
 
 19.52 

18.33 

Wholly-Owned Shopping Centers December 31, 

Joint Venture Shopping Centers December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Centers owned 
 
 101 

89 

18 

47 

Aggregate occupancy rate 
 
 92.6 

90.0 

90.7 

89.4 

Average annualized base rent per occupied square foot 
 
 19.61 

18.52 

16.20 

15.15 

Recent Developments 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein by reference, for information on certain recent developments of the Company. 
 Tenants and Competition 
 The Company has established close relationships with a large number of major national and regional tenants. The Company s management is associated with, and actively participates in, many shopping center and REIT industry organizations. Notwithstanding these relationships, numerous real estate companies and developers, private and public, compete with the Company in leasing space in shopping centers to tenants. The Company competes with other real estate companies and developers in terms of rental rate, property location, availability of space, management services and property condition. 
 The Company s five largest tenants based on the Company s aggregate annualized base rental revenues, including its proportionate share of joint venture aggregate annualized base rental revenues, are TJX Companies, Inc., Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc., PetSmart, Inc., Michaels Companies, Inc. and Ross Stores, Inc., representing 5.9 , 2.7 , 2.4 , 2.2 and 2.1 , respectively, of the Company s aggregate annualized base rental revenues at December 31, 2022. For more information on the Company s tenants, see 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption Company Fundamentals. 
 Qualification as a Real Estate Investment Trust 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company met the qualification requirements of a REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As a result, the Company, with the exception of its taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ), will not be subject to federal income tax to the extent it meets certain requirements of the Code. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s workforce was composed of 267 full-time equivalent employees compared to 293 full-time equivalent employees at December 31, 2021. At the end of 2022, the Company s workforce was approximately 37 male and 63 female, and women represented approximately 46 of the Company s managers (defined by reference to the EEO-1 job class categories to include executive/senior-level officials and managers and first/mid-level officials and managers). The ethnicity of the Company s workforce at the end of 2022 was approximately 77 White, 14 Black, 4 Hispanic, 2 Asian and 3 other (based on EEO categories). Of the Company s employees, 71 of employees were assigned to work in the corporate headquarters in Beachwood, Ohio, with the rest working in regional offices or remotely. Many of the Company s employees have a long tenure with the Company, with approximately 79 of the Company s employees having been with the Company for over 5 years and 53 for over 10 years. 
 The Company s primary human capital management objective is to attract, develop, engage and retain the highest quality talent. To support this objective, the Company offers competitive pay and benefit programs, a broad focus on wellness and flexible work arrangements designed to allow employees to meet personal and family needs. The Company also takes steps to measure and improve upon its level of employee engagement and to create a diverse and inclusive workplace. The Company s employees are expected to exhibit honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. At least once every two years the Company requires its employees to complete training modules on sexual harassment and discrimination and to acknowledge and certify their compliance with the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Senior members of its accounting, finance and capital markets and asset management departments are also required to acknowledge and agree to the Company s Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers on an annual basis. The Company s culture is also underpinned by its employees commitment to the Company s core values of being Fearless, Authentic, Curious and Thoughtful (the Company s Matters of FACT in the conduct of their responsibilities. 
 Employees returned to the Company's offices on a hybrid schedule in September 2022. The hybrid approach has allowed the Company to provide employees with flexibility for work/life balance while continuing to cultivate relationships and learning, which are key elements of the Company s culture. 
 Information Technology and Cybersecurity 
 The Company depends on the proper functioning, availability and security of its information systems, including financial, data processing, communications and operating systems, as well as proprietary software programs that are important to the efficient operation of the business. The Company also utilizes certain software applications provided by third parties, grants access to certain of the Company s systems to third parties who provide outsourced functions or other services and increasingly stores and transmits data by means of connected information technology or cloud systems. Any significant failures or other disruption of the Company s critical information systems, including as a result of ransomware attacks or other cyber incidents, that impact the availability or other proper functioning of these systems or that result in the compromise of sensitive or confidential information, including information of tenants, employees and others, could result in liability to third parties and have a significant impact on the Company s operations and reputation. 
 The frequency and sophistication of global cybersecurity threats have increased in recent years, primarily through phishing and ransomware campaigns. The Company s objective for managing increasing cybersecurity risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to breach the Company s systems. The Company works to achieve this objective by hardening its networks and systems against attack. The Company has a formal process in place for incident response and business continuity, which the Company refers to as its Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan, which encompasses tactics related to cybersecurity, systems and facilities availability and information privacy. The Company has established an internal Security and Privacy Governance Committee comprised of members of management to help review and discuss cybersecurity matters on a periodic basis. The role of the committee is to oversee the development and implementation of the Company s Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan, to discuss the implementation of various security measures and to receive reports on the Company s cybersecurity training and awareness program and engagement of third parties to conduct periodic external security testing. The Company s audit services and technology teams conduct third-party risk assessments during the procurement of solutions and services and annually on agreement renewal. As a complement to these measures, the Company also conducts annual cybersecurity awareness training for all employees, new-hire 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 cybersecurity training, periodic simulated phishing tests and additional training for employees who travel outside the United States. The Company s Audit Committee is briefed on information security matters, including current data security and recovery initiatives and external security testing results, at least once each year by senior members of the Company s information technology and audit services teams. 
 The Company s information technology systems are protected through physical and software safeguards, as well as backup systems the Company considers to be appropriate. However, such safeguards may ultimately prove to be insufficient to protect against all incidents the Company experiences. Furthermore, these systems are vulnerable to interruption from events beyond the Company s control. To mitigate the potential for such occurrences at the Company s primary data center, the Company has implemented various systems, including redundant telecommunication facilities, replication of critical data and backups to multiple off-site locations, a fire suppression system to protect the Company s on-site data center and electrical power protection and generation facilities. The Company also has a catastrophic disaster recovery plan and alternate processing capability available for its critical data processes in the event of a catastrophe that renders the primary data center unusable. 
 The Company has not experienced any cyber-incidents that have materially obstructed the availability of its information systems and data. The Company has experienced incidents involving malware, email phishing and other events intended to disrupt information systems, wrongfully obtain valuable information or cause other types of malicious events that could have resulted in harm to the business, but to the Company s knowledge, the various protections the Company has employed have been effective in identifying these types of events at a point when the impacts on the business could be minimized. 
 The Company also maintains cybersecurity insurance; however, there is no assurance that the insurance the Company maintains will cover all cybersecurity breaches or that policy limits will be sufficient to cover all related losses. 
 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 
 Detailed information regarding the Company s approach to sustainability can be found on the Company's website in its Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Report. This report is based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standard, which summarizes environmental and social performance, and includes disclosures with respect to certain Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Task Force on Climate-Related Disclosures (TCFD) standards. The content of the Company s sustainability report is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document filed with the SEC, unless expressly noted. 
 Information About the Company s Executive Officers 
 The section below provides information regarding the Company s executive officers as of February 15, 2023: 
 
 David R. Lukes, age 53 , has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of SITE Centers and has been a member of SITE Centers Board of Directors since March 2017. Prior to joining SITE Centers, Mr. Lukes served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Equity One, Inc., an owner, developer and operator of shopping centers, from June 2014 until March 2017 and served as its Executive Vice President from May 2014 to June 2014. Mr. Lukes also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holding Corporation affiliate Seritage Realty Trust, a REIT primarily engaged in the re-leasing of shopping centers, from 2012 through April 2014 and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Olshan Properties, a privately-owned real estate firm specializing in commercial real estate, from 2010 through 2012. From 2002 to 2010, Mr. Lukes served in various senior management positions at Kimco Realty Corporation, including serving as its Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Lukes has also served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of RVI since April 2018 and as an Independent Director of Citycon Oyj, an owner and manager of shopping centers in the Nordic region listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange, since 2017. Mr. Lukes also serves as a member of the Advisory Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). Mr. Lukes holds a Bachelor of Environmental Design from Miami University, a Master of Architecture from the University of Pennsylvania and a Master of Science in real estate development from Columbia University. 
 
 Conor M. Fennerty, age 37, has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of SITE Centers since November 2019. From April 2017 to November 2019, Mr. Fennerty served as SITE Centers Senior Vice President of Capital Markets. Mr. Fennerty has also served as Executive Vice President of RVI since November 2020 and Director of RVI since July 2022. Prior to joining SITE Centers, Mr. Fennerty served as a Vice President and Senior Analyst at BlackRock, Inc., a global funds manager, from July 2014 to April 2017, an Analyst at Cohen Steers Capital Management, a specialist asset manager focused on real assets, from May 2012 to July 2014, and prior to that, a member of the global investment research division of Goldman Sachs from May 2010 to May 2012. Mr. Fennerty earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a major in finance from Georgetown University. 
 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Christa A. Vesy, age 52, is Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of SITE Centers, a position she assumed in March 2012. From July 2016 to March 2017, Ms. Vesy also served as SITE Centers Interim Chief Financial Officer. In these roles, Ms. Vesy has overseen the property and corporate accounting, tax and financial reporting functions for SITE Centers. Previously, Ms. Vesy served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of SITE Centers since November 2006. Ms. Vesy has also served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of RVI since November 2019, as its Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since February 2018 and as a Director since May 2021. Prior to joining SITE Centers, Ms. Vesy worked for The Lubrizol Corporation, where she served as manager of external financial reporting and then as controller for the lubricant additives business segment. Prior to joining Lubrizol, from 1993 to September 2004, Ms. Vesy held various positions with the Assurance and Business Advisory Services group of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a registered public accounting firm, including Senior Manager from 1999 to September 2004. Ms. Vesy graduated with a Bachelor of Science in business administration from Miami University. Ms. Vesy is a certified public accountant (CPA) and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). 
 
 John M. Cattonar, age 41, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of SITE Centers since May 2021. Previously, Mr. Cattonar served as Senior Vice President of Investments of SITE Centers from April 2017 to May 2021. Prior to joining SITE Centers, Mr. Cattonar served as Vice President of Asset Management for Equity One from August 2015 to March 2017 and at Sears Holding Corporation affiliate Seritage Realty Trust from July 2012 to July 2015. Mr. Cattonar earned a Master of Science in Real Estate Development from Columbia University and holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 
 Corporate Headquarters 
 The Company is an Ohio corporation incorporated in 1992. The Company s executive offices are located at 3300 Enterprise Parkway, Beachwood, Ohio 44122, and its telephone number is (216) 755-5500. The Company s website is www.sitecenters.com. The Company uses the Investors Relations section of its website as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including press releases, analyst presentations and financial information. The information the Company posts to its website may be deemed to be material, and investors and others interested in the Company are encouraged to routinely monitor and review the information that the Company posts on its website in addition to following the Company s press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The Company posts filings made with the SEC to its website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, including the Company s annual, quarterly and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, respectively, the Company s proxy statements and any amendments to those reports or statements. All such postings and filings are available on the Company s website free of charge. In addition, this website allows investors and other interested persons to sign up to automatically receive e-mail alerts when the Company posts news releases and financial information on its website. The SEC also maintains a website (https://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The content on, or accessible through, any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, is not incorporated by reference into, and shall not be deemed part of, this Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of material risks that could affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. The risks summarized below are discussed in greater detail in the risk factors that follow and are not the only risks the Company faces. The Company s business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to it or that the Company currently considers to be immaterial to its operations. Investors should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 Risks Related to the Company s Business, Properties and Strategies 
 The economic performance and value of the Company s shopping centers depend on many factors, including the macro-economic climate and local conditions, each of which could have an adverse impact on the Company s cash flows and operating results. 

E-commerce may continue to have an adverse impact on the Company s tenants and business. 

The Company leases a substantial portion of its square footage to large national tenants, making it vulnerable to changes in the business and financial condition of, or demand for, its space by such tenants. 

The Company s dependence on rental income may adversely affect its ability to meet its debt obligations and make distributions to shareholders. 

Inflationary pressures could adversely impact operating results. 

7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s expenses may remain constant or increase even if income from the Company s properties decreases. 

Property ownership through partnerships and joint ventures could limit the Company s control of those investments and reduce its expected return. 

The Company s real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. 

The Company s acquisition activities may not produce the cash flows that it expects and may be limited by competitive pressures or other factors. 

Real estate property investments are illiquid; therefore, the Company may not be able to dispose of properties when desired or on favorable terms. 

The Company s development, redevelopment and construction activities could affect its operating results. 

The Company s real estate investments may contain environmental risks that could adversely affect its results of operations. 

Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on the Company s business. 

Health pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a significant impact on the Company and its tenants businesses. 

The Company s properties could be subject to damage from natural disasters and weather-related factors; an uninsured loss on the Company s properties or a loss that exceeds the limits of the Company s insurance policies could subject the Company to lost capital or revenue on those properties. 

Violent crime, including terrorism and mass shootings, or civil unrest may affect the markets in which the Company operates its business and its profitability. 

A disruption, failure or breach of the Company s networks or systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could harm its business. 

Risks Relating to the Company s Indebtedness and Capital Structure 
 The Company depends on external sources of capital. Disruptions in the financial markets could affect the Company s ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on the Company and the market price of the Company s common shares. 

Changes in the Company s credit ratings or the debt markets, as well as market conditions in the credit markets, could adversely affect the Company s publicly traded debt and credit facilities. 

The Company s ability to increase its debt could adversely affect its cash flows. 

The Company s cash flows and operating results could be adversely affected by required payments of debt or related interest and other risks of its debt financing. 

The Company s financial condition could be adversely affected by financial covenants. 

The Company may incur significant debt prepayment costs as a result of repaying indebtedness prior to its stated maturity. 

The Company has variable-rate debt and interest rate risk. 

Risks Related to the Company s Taxation as a REIT 
 If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular corporation and could have significant tax liability. 

Compliance with REIT requirements may negatively affect the Company s operating decisions. 

The Company may be forced to borrow funds to maintain its REIT status, and the unavailability of such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause the Company to curtail its investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could materially and adversely affect the Company. 

Dividends paid by REITs generally do not qualify for reduced tax rates. 

Certain foreign shareholders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain recognized on a disposition of the Company s common shares if the Company does not qualify as a domestically controlled REIT. 

Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on the Company. 

Risks Related to the Company s Organization, Structure and Ownership 
 Provisions of the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, even if that change may be considered beneficial by some of the Company s shareholders. 

The Company has significant shareholders who may exert influence on the Company as a result of their considerable beneficial ownership of the Company s common shares, and their interests may differ from the interests of other shareholders. 

8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s Board of Directors may change significant corporate policies without shareholder approval. 

Risks Related to the Company s Common Shares 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of the Company s publicly traded securities. 

The Company may issue additional securities without shareholder approval. 

General Risks Relating to Investments in the Company s Securities 
 The Company may be unable to retain and attract key management personnel. 

The Company is subject to litigation that could adversely affect its results of operations. 

Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect the Company s business. 

The risks summarized above are discussed in greater detail below. 
 Risks Related to the Company s Business, Properties and Strategies 
 The Economic Performance and Value of the Company s Shopping Centers Depend on Many Factors, Including the Macro-Economic Climate and Local Conditions, Each of Which Could Have an Adverse Impact on the Company s Cash Flows and Operating Results 
 The economic performance and value of the Company s real estate holdings can be affected by many factors, including the following: 
 Changes in the national, regional, local and international economic climate, including as a result of pandemics; 

Local conditions, such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real estate in the area and population, demographic and employment trends; 

The attractiveness of the properties to tenants; 

The increase in consumer purchases through the internet; 

The Company s ability to provide adequate management services and to maintain its properties; 

Increased operating costs if these costs cannot be passed through to tenants and 

The expense of periodically renovating, repairing and re-letting spaces. 

Because the Company s properties consist of retail shopping centers, the Company s performance is linked to general economic conditions in the retail market, including conditions that affect consumers purchasing behaviors and disposable income. The market for retail space historically has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by weakness in the national, regional and local economies, the adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies, the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector, increases in consumer internet purchases and the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets. The Company s performance is affected by its tenants results of operations, which are impacted by macroeconomic factors that affect consumers ability to purchase goods and services. If the price of the goods and services offered by its tenants materially increases, including as a result of inflationary pressures or increases in taxes or tariffs resulting from, among other things, potential changes in the Code, the operating results and the financial condition of the Company's tenants and demand for retail space could be adversely affected. To the extent that any of these conditions occur, they are likely to affect market rents for retail space. In addition, the Company may face challenges in the management and maintenance of its properties or incur increased operating costs, such as real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, that may make its properties unattractive to tenants. 
 In addition, the Company s properties compete with numerous shopping venues, including regional malls, outlet centers, other shopping centers and e-commerce, in attracting and retaining retailers. As of December 31, 2022, leases at the Company s properties (including the proportionate share of unconsolidated properties) were scheduled to expire on a total of approximately 5.0 of leased GLA during 2023. For those leases that renew, rental rates upon renewal may be lower than current rates. For those leases that do not renew, the Company may not be able to promptly re-lease the space on favorable terms or with reasonable capital investments. In these situations, the Company s financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 E-Commerce May Continue to Have an Adverse Impact on the Company s Tenants and Business 
 E-commerce has been broadly embraced by the public, including at an increased rate throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, and growth in the e commerce share of overall consumer sales is likely to continue in the future. Some of the Company s tenants have been negatively impacted by increasing competition from internet retailers, and this trend could affect the way current and future tenants lease space. For example, the migration toward e-commerce has led some omni-channel retailers to reduce the number and size of their traditional brick and mortar locations, use such locations for curbside pickup of items ordered online and increasingly rely on e-commerce and alternative distribution channels. The Company cannot predict with certainty how continuing growth in e-commerce will impact the demand for space at its properties or how much revenue will be generated at traditional store locations in the future. If the Company is unable to anticipate and respond promptly to trends in retailer and consumer behavior, or if demand for traditional retail space significantly decreases, the Company s occupancy levels and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The Company Leases a Substantial Portion of Its Square Footage to Large National Tenants, Making It Vulnerable to Changes in the Business and Financial Condition of, or Demand for, Its Space by Such Tenants 
 As of December 31, 2022, the annualized base rental revenues of the Company s tenants that are equal to or exceed 1.5 of the Company s aggregate annualized shopping center base rental revenues, including its proportionate share of joint venture aggregate annualized shopping center base rental revenues, are as follows: 

Tenant 
 
 of Annualized Base Rental Revenues 

TJX Companies, Inc. 
 
 5.9 

Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. 
 
 2.7 

PetSmart, Inc. 
 
 2.4 

Michaels Companies, Inc. 
 
 2.2 

Ross Stores, Inc. 
 
 2.1 

Bed Bath Beyond Inc. 
 
 1.9 

Nordstrom, Inc. 
 
 1.8 

Gap Inc. 
 
 1.8 

Best Buy Co., Inc. 
 
 1.8 

Burlington Stores, Inc. 
 
 1.7 

Ulta Beauty, Inc. 
 
 1.7 

Kohl's Department Stores, Inc. 
 
 1.6 

The Kroger Co. 
 
 1.6 

AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. 
 
 1.6 

The retail shopping sector has been affected by economic conditions, including changing consumer behaviors following the COVID-19 pandemic, increases in consumer internet purchases and the competitive nature of the retail business and the competition for market share. In some cases, these shifts have resulted in weaker retailers losing market share and declaring bankruptcy, closing stores and/or taking advantage of early termination provisions in their leases. Over the past decade, bankruptcies, store closures and reduced expansion plans by conventional department stores and national chains have resulted in a smaller overall number of tenants requiring large store formats. In addition, movie theater operators have struggled to regain profitability following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and prospects for releasing any theater vacancies arising in the Company's portfolio may be limited absent the investment of significant capital to repurpose the space. 
 As information becomes available regarding the status of the Company s leases with tenants in financial distress or as the future plans for their spaces change, the Company may be required to write off and/or accelerate depreciation and amortization expense associated with a significant portion of the tenant-related deferred charges in future periods. The Company s income and ability to meet its financial obligations could also be adversely affected in the event of the bankruptcy, insolvency or significant downturn in the business of one of these tenants or any of the Company s other major tenants. In addition, the Company s results could be adversely affected if any of these tenants do not renew their leases as they expire on terms favorable to the Company or at all. 
 The Company s Dependence on Rental Income May Adversely Affect Its Ability to Meet Its Debt Obligations and Make Distributions to Shareholders 
 Substantially all of the Company s income is derived from rental income from real property. As a result, the Company s performance depends on its ability to collect rent from tenants. The Company s income and funds available for repayment of 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 indebtedness and distribution to shareholders would be negatively affected if a significant number of its tenants, or any of its major tenants, were to do the following: 
 Experience a downturn in their business that significantly weakens their ability to meet their obligations to the Company; 

Delay lease commencements; 

Decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration; 

Fail to make rental payments when due or 

Close stores or declare bankruptcy. 

Any of these actions could result in the termination of tenants leases and the loss of rental income attributable to the terminated leases. Lease terminations by an anchor tenant or a failure by that anchor tenant to occupy the premises may also permit other tenants in the same shopping centers to terminate their leases or reduce the amount of rent they pay under the terms of their leases. In addition, the Company cannot be certain that any tenant whose lease expires will renew that lease or that the Company will be able to re-lease space on economically advantageous terms. The loss of rental revenues from a number of the Company s major tenants and its inability to replace such tenants may adversely affect the Company s profitability and its ability to meet debt and other financial obligations and make distributions to shareholders. 
 Inflationary Pressures Could Adversely Impact Operating Results 
 Inflationary pressures pose risks to the Company s business, tenants and the U.S. economy. Inflationary pressures and rising interest rates could result in reductions in retailer profitability and consumer discretionary spending which could impact tenant demand for new and existing store locations and the Company s ability to grow rents. Regardless of inflation levels, base rent under most of the Company s long-term anchor leases will remain constant (subject to tenants exercise of renewal options at pre-negotiated rent increases) until the expiration of their lease terms. Inflation may result in increases in certain shopping center operating expenses including common area maintenance and other operating expenses. Although most of the Company s leases require tenants to pay their share of these property operating expenses, some tenants may be unable to absorb large expense increases caused by inflation and such increased expenses may limit tenants ability to pay higher base rents upon renewal, or renew leases at all. Inflation may also impact other aspects of the Company s operating costs, including insurance, employee retention costs, the cost to complete redevelopments and build-outs of recently leased vacancies and interest rate costs relating to variable-rate loans and refinancing of fixed-rate indebtedness. Increasing interest rates or capital availability constraints may also adversely impact the transaction market, including the availability of financing asset values and the Company's ability to buy or sell properties. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company s Expenses May Remain Constant or Increase Even if Income from the Company s Properties Decreases 
 Costs associated with the Company s business, such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, mortgage payments and corporate expenses, are relatively inflexible and generally do not decrease in the event that a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease, a tenant fails to pay rent or other circumstances cause the Company s revenues to decrease. In addition, inflation could result in higher operating costs. If the Company is unable to lower its operating costs when revenues decline and/or is unable to pass along cost increases to tenants, the Company s cash flows, profitability and ability to make distributions to shareholders could be adversely impacted. 
 Property Ownership Through Partnerships and Joint Ventures Could Limit the Company s Control of Those Investments and Reduce Its Expected Return 
 Partnership or joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present for investments made solely by the Company, including the possibility that the Company s partner or co-venturer might become bankrupt, that its partner or co-venturer might at any time have different interests or goals than the Company and that its partner or co-venturer may take action contrary to the Company s instructions, requests, policies or objectives, including the Company s policy with respect to maintaining its qualification as a REIT. In addition, the Company s partner or co-venturer could have different investment criteria that would impact the assets held by the joint venture or its interest in the joint venture, which may also reduce the carrying value of its equity investments if a loss in the carrying value of the investment is realized. These situations could have an impact on the Company s revenues from its joint ventures. Other risks of joint venture investments include impasse on decisions, such as the decision to sell or finance a property or leasing decisions with anchor tenants, because neither the Company s partner or co-venturer nor the Company would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Joint venture platforms typically contain customary buy-sell provisions, which could result in either the sale of the Company s interest or the use of available cash or borrowings to acquire the Company s partner s interest at 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 inopportune times, as well as the termination of applicable management contracts and fees. In addition, the Company is obligated to maintain the REIT status of the Dividend Trust Portfolio joint venture s REIT subsidiary and may be obligated to maintain the REIT status of future joint venture platforms and the Company s failure to do so could result in substantial liability to its partner. These factors could limit the return that the Company receives from such investments, cause its cash flows to be lower than its estimates or lead to business conflicts or litigation. There is no limitation under the Company s Articles of Incorporation, or its Code of Regulations, as to the amount of funds that the Company may invest in partnerships or joint ventures. In addition, a partner or co-venturer may not have access to sufficient capital to satisfy its funding obligations to the joint venture. Furthermore, if credit conditions in the capital markets deteriorate, the Company could be required to reduce the carrying value of its equity method investments if a loss in the carrying value of the investment is realized or considered an other than temporary decline. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 44.6 million of investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures holding 18 shopping centers. 
 The Company s Real Estate Assets May Be Subject to Impairment Charges 
 On a periodic basis, the Company assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of its real estate assets and other investments may be impaired. A property s value is impaired only if the estimate of the aggregate future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) to be generated by the property are less than the carrying value of the property. In the Company s estimate of projected cash flows, it considers factors such as expected future operating income, trends and prospects, the effects of demand, competition and other factors. If the Company is evaluating the potential sale of an asset or development alternatives, the undiscounted future cash flows considerations include the most likely course of action at the balance sheet date based on current plans, intended holding periods and available market information. The Company is required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of its real estate assets and other investments. These assessments have a direct impact on the Company s earnings because recording an impairment charge results in an immediate negative adjustment to earnings. There can be no assurance that the Company will not take additional charges in the future related to the impairment of its assets. Any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. 
 The Company s Acquisition Activities May Not Produce the Cash Flows That It Expects and May Be Limited by Competitive Pressures or Other Factors 
 The Company intends to acquire retail properties to the extent that suitable acquisitions can be made at appropriate returns. Acquisitions of commercial properties entail risks such as the following: 
 The Company may be unable to identify, or may have difficulty identifying, acquisition opportunities that fit its investment strategy and cost of capital; 

The Company s estimates on expected occupancy and rental rates may differ from actual conditions; 

The Company s estimates of the costs of any redevelopment or repositioning of acquired properties may prove to be inaccurate; 

The Company may be unable to operate successfully in new markets where acquired properties are located due to a lack of market knowledge or understanding of local economies; 

The properties may become subject to environmental liabilities that the Company was unaware of at the time the Company acquired the property or 

The Company may be unable to successfully integrate new properties into its existing operations. 

In addition, the Company may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions at appropriate returns due to competition for such properties with others engaged in real estate investment, some of which may have greater financial resources or a lower cost of capital than the Company. 
 Real Estate Property Investments Are Illiquid; Therefore, the Company May Not Be Able to Dispose of Properties When Desired or on Favorable Terms 
 Real estate investments generally cannot be disposed of quickly. In addition, the Code imposes restrictions, which are not applicable to other types of real estate companies, on the ability of a REIT to dispose of properties. Therefore, the Company may not be able to diversify or alter its portfolio in response to economic conditions or trends in retailer or consumer behavior promptly or on favorable terms. The Company s inability to quickly respond to such changes or dispose of properties could adversely affect the value of the Company s portfolio and its ability to repay indebtedness and make distributions to shareholders. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s Development, Redevelopment and Construction Activities Could Affect Its Operating Results 
 The Company intends to continue the selective development and redevelopment of retail properties as opportunities arise. The Company s development and redevelopment activities include the following risks: 
 Construction costs of a project may exceed the Company s original estimates; 

Occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed property may not be sufficient to make the property profitable; 

Rental rates per square foot could be less than projected; 

The Company may not complete construction and lease-up on schedule, resulting in increased construction costs; 

The Company may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations and 

The Company may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities after expending resources to determine feasibility. 

Additionally, the time frame required for development and redevelopment and lease-up of these properties means that the Company may wait several years for a significant cash return. If any of the above events occur, the development and redevelopment of properties may hinder the Company s growth and have an adverse effect on its results of operations and cash flows. In addition, new development activities, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful, typically require substantial time and attention from management. 
 The Company s Real Estate Investments May Contain Environmental Risks That Could Adversely Affect Its Results of Operations 
 The acquisition and ownership of properties may subject the Company to liabilities, including environmental liabilities. The Company s operating expenses could be higher than anticipated due to the cost of complying with existing or future environmental laws and regulations. In addition, under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, the Company may be considered an owner or operator of real property or to have arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances. As a result, the Company may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances released on or in its properties. The Company may also be liable for other potential costs that could relate to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). The Company may incur such liability whether or not it knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Such liability could be of substantial magnitude and divert management s attention from other aspects of the Company s business and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results and financial condition, as well as its ability to make distributions to shareholders. 
 Expectations Relating to Environmental, Social and Governance Considerations Expose the Company to Potential Liabilities, Increased Costs, Reputational Harm and Other Adverse Effects on the Company s Business 
 Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human capital and diversity, equity and inclusion. The Company makes statements about its environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives through information provided on its website, press releases and other communications, including through its Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Report. Responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, including those described under Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in Part II of this Report on Form 10-K, requires investments and are impacted by factors that may be outside the Company s control. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with the Company s goals and initiatives and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. Stakeholders also may have very different views on where environmental, social and governance focus should be placed, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the Company to achieve its goals, further its initiatives, adhere to its public statements, comply with federal or state environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company and materially adversely affect the Company s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Health Pandemics, Including the COVID-19 Pandemic, Could Have a Significant Impact on the Company and Its Tenants Businesses 
 The Company s business and the businesses of its tenants could be significantly impacted by health pandemics and the public perception of and reaction to the related risks. Beginning in March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in the closure of many tenant businesses and substantially reduced foot traffic at open tenant businesses as a result of social distancing restrictions. As a result, a significant number of tenants failed to pay some or all of their monthly rent obligations, and the Company and its joint ventures ultimately agreed to defer a significant portion of these unpaid tenant rent obligations until 2021 and beyond. As of December 31, 2022, the COVID-19-related deferred amounts for tenants that are not accounted for on the cash basis have been repaid and the level and pace of tenant collections has largely reverted to pre-pandemic norms. 
 However, if additional surges in COVID-19 contagion were to occur, or if new pandemics were to emerge, tenant operations could be restricted or adversely impacted and such developments could lead to nonpayment of rents, tenant requests for rent relief and tenant closures and bankruptcies. Certain tenant categories are especially vulnerable to the impacts of pandemics, including movie theaters, fitness centers and restaurants that rely on in-person dining, activities and entertainment. 
 In addition to the impacts and uncertainties listed above, the occurrence of a pandemic may significantly limit the ability of the Company s employees to access the Company s offices and properties, which could adversely impact the Company s ability to manage its properties and complete other operating and administrative functions that are important to its business. Efforts by the Company s employees to work remotely could also expose the Company to additional risks, such as increased cybersecurity risk. Furthermore, pandemics could negatively affect global capital markets, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Company s ability to obtain necessary financing, including property-level refinancing for its joint ventures, on favorable terms, or at all. Reduced rent collections from tenants could also impact the ability of the Company and its joint ventures to satisfy covenants and debt service obligations applicable to their financing arrangements, particularly with respect to mortgage loan indebtedness, and result in the recognition of impairment charges with respect to certain of the Company s properties. Reduced rent collections from tenants may also have the effect of decreasing management fees collected from the Company s joint ventures, which are often based on property cash receipts, and may also impact decisions by the Company s Board of Directors with respect to future dividend policy. The Company s periodic assessment of tenants ability to pay outstanding obligations may also result in reductions to rental revenue on account of previously accrued rents for which collection is no longer considered probable. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company s Properties Could Be Subject to Damage from Natural Disasters and Weather-Related Factors; An Uninsured Loss on the Company s Properties or a Loss That Exceeds the Limits of the Company s Insurance Policies Could Subject the Company to Lost Capital or Revenue on Those Properties 
 The Company s properties are generally open-air shopping centers. Extreme weather conditions may impact the profitability of the Company s tenants by decreasing traffic at or hindering access to the Company s properties, which may decrease the amount of rent the Company collects. Furthermore, a number of the Company s properties are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters, including Florida and California. Such properties could therefore be affected by rising sea levels, hurricanes, tropical storms, earthquakes and wildfires, whether caused by global climate changes or other factors. In addition, the Company s insurance premiums have increased in recent years, and the potential increase in the frequency and intensity of natural disasters, extreme weather-related events and climate change in the future may limit the types of coverage and the coverage limits the Company is able to obtain on commercially reasonable terms. 
 The Company currently maintains all-risk property insurance with limits of 150 million per occurrence and in the aggregate and general liability insurance with limits of 100 million per occurrence and in the aggregate, in each case subject to various conditions, exclusions, deductibles and sub-limits for certain perils such as flood and earthquake. Coverage for a named windstorm for the Company s continental U.S. properties is generally subject to a deductible of up to 5 of the total insured value of each property. The amount of any insurance coverage for losses due to damage or business interruption may prove to be insufficient. Should a loss occur that is uninsured or is in an amount exceeding the aggregate limits for the applicable insurance policy, or in the event of a loss that is subject to a substantial deductible under an insurance policy, the Company could lose all or part of its capital invested in, and anticipated revenue from, one or more of the properties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results and financial condition, as well as its ability to make distributions to shareholders. 
 Violent Crime, Including Terrorism and Mass Shootings, or Civil Unrest May Affect the Markets in Which the Company Operates Its Business and Its Profitability 
 Certain of the Company s properties are located in or near major metropolitan areas or other areas that have experienced, and remain susceptible to, violent crime, including terrorist attacks and mass shootings and civil unrest. Any kind of violent criminal acts, including terrorist acts against public institutions or buildings or modes of public transportation (including airlines, trains or buses), or 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 civil unrest could alter shopping habits, deter customers from visiting the Company s shopping centers or result in damage to its properties, which would have a negative effect on the Company s business, the operations of its tenants and the value of its properties. 
 A Disruption, Failure or Breach of the Company s Networks or Systems, Including as a Result of Cyber-Attacks, Could Harm Its Business 
 The Company relies extensively on computer systems to manage its business. While the Company maintains some of its own critical information technology systems, it also depends on third parties to provide important information technology services relating to several key business functions, such as payroll, human resources, electronic communications and certain finance functions. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer or telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, vandalism, natural disasters, catastrophic events, human error and potential cyber threats, including phishing attacks, ransomware and other sophisticated cyber-attacks. Although the Company and such third parties employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate cyber threats, including password protection, firewalls, backup servers, threat monitoring and periodic penetration testing, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. Should they occur, these threats could compromise the confidential information of the Company s tenants, employees and third-party vendors; disrupt the Company s business operations and the availability and integrity of data in the Company s systems; and result in litigation, violation of applicable privacy and other laws, investigations, actions, fines or penalties. In the event of damage or disruption to the Company s business due to these occurrences, the Company may not be able to successfully and quickly recover all of its critical business functions, assets and data. Furthermore, while the Company maintains insurance, the coverage may not sufficiently cover all types of losses, claims or fines that may arise. For additional information see Item 1 Business Information Technology and Cybersecurity in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Relating to the Company s Indebtedness and Capital Structure 
 The Company Depends on External Sources of Capital. Disruptions in the Financial Markets Could Affect the Company s Ability to Obtain Financing on Reasonable Terms and Have Other Adverse Effects on the Company and the Market Price of the Company s Common Shares 
 To qualify as a REIT, the Company must, among other things, distribute at least 90 of its REIT taxable income (excluding any net capital gains) to its stockholders each year. Because of these distribution requirements, the Company has relied on third-party sources of capital, including debt and preferred equity financings, to fund growth opportunities and capital needs. The U.S. and global equity and credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the past, which have caused market prices of many stocks to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances materially affected liquidity in the financial markets, making terms for certain financings less attractive and, in certain cases, resulting in the unavailability of financing for businesses and assets similar to those operated by the Company. Uncertainty in the equity and credit markets may negatively affect the Company s ability to access additional financing at reasonable terms or at all, which may negatively affect the Company s ability to refinance its debt, obtain new financing or make acquisitions. These circumstances may also adversely affect the Company s tenants, including their ability to enter into new leases, pay their rents when due and renew their leases at rates at least as favorable as their current rates. 
 A prolonged downturn in the equity or credit markets may cause the Company to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing and may require it to adjust its business plan accordingly. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for the Company to sell properties or may adversely affect the price it receives for properties that it does sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of financing or difficulties in obtaining financing. These events in the equity and credit markets may make it more difficult or costly for the Company to raise capital through the issuance of its equity or debt securities. These disruptions in the financial markets also may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Company s common shares and other adverse effects on the Company or the economy in general. There can be no assurances that government responses to the disruptions in the financial markets will restore consumer confidence, stabilize the markets or increase liquidity and the availability of equity or credit financing. 
 Changes in the Company s Credit Ratings or the Debt Markets, as Well as Market Conditions in the Credit Markets, Could Adversely Affect the Company s Publicly Traded Debt and Credit Facilities 
 The market value for the Company s publicly traded debt depends on many factors, including the following: 
 The Company s credit ratings with major credit rating agencies; 

The prevailing interest rates being paid by, or the market price for publicly traded debt issued by, other companies similar to the Company; 

15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s financial condition, liquidity, leverage, financial performance and prospects and 

The overall condition of the financial markets. 

The condition of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. The U.S. credit markets have experienced severe dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the past. Furthermore, uncertain market conditions can be exacerbated by leverage. The occurrence of these circumstances in the credit markets and/or additional fluctuations in the financial markets and prevailing interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to access capital and its cost of capital. 
 In addition, credit rating agencies continually review their ratings for the companies they follow, including the Company. For example, credit rating agencies may review and change their credit ratings for the Company as a result of disruptions to retail tenants and property-level revenues caused by macroeconomic trends or other developments such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The credit rating agencies also evaluate the real estate industry as a whole and may change their credit rating for the Company based on their overall view of the industry. Any rating organization that rates the Company s publicly traded debt may lower the rating or decide, at its sole discretion, not to rate the Company s publicly traded debt. The ratings of the Company s publicly traded debt are based primarily on the rating organization s assessment of the likelihood of timely payment of interest when due and the payment of principal on the maturity date. A negative change in the Company s rating could have an adverse effect on the Company s credit facilities and market price of the Company s publicly traded debt, as well as the Company s ability to access capital and its cost of capital. 
 The Company s Ability to Increase Its Debt Could Adversely Affect Its Cash Flows 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding debt of 1.7 billion (excluding its proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture mortgage debt aggregating 110.6 million as of December 31, 2022). The Company intends to maintain prudent leverage levels. The Company is subject to limitations under its credit facilities and indentures relating to its ability to incur additional debt; however, the Company s organizational documents do not contain any limitation on the amount or percentage of indebtedness it may incur. If the Company were to become more highly leveraged, its cash needs to fund debt service would increase accordingly. Under such circumstances, the Company s risk of decreases in cash flow due to fluctuations in the real estate market, reliance on its major tenants, acquisition and development costs and the other factors discussed in these risk factors could subject the Company to an even greater adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased leverage could increase the risk of default on the Company s debt obligations, which could further reduce its cash available for distribution and adversely affect its ability to dispose of its portfolio on favorable terms, which could cause the Company to incur losses and reduce its cash flows. 
 The Company s Cash Flows and Operating Results Could Be Adversely Affected by Required Payments of Debt or Related Interest and Other Risks of Its Debt Financing 
 The Company is generally subject to the risks associated with debt financing. These risks include the following: 
 The Company s cash flows may not satisfy required payments of principal and interest; 

The Company may not be able to refinance existing indebtedness on its properties as necessary, or the interest rate and other terms of the refinancing may be less favorable to the Company than the interest rate and terms applicable to the existing debt; 

Required debt payments are not reduced if the economic performance of any property declines; 

Debt service obligations could reduce funds available for distribution to the Company s shareholders and funds available for development, redevelopment and acquisitions; 

Any default on the Company s indebtedness could result in acceleration of those obligations, which could result in the acceleration of other debt obligations and possible loss of property to foreclosure and 

The Company may not be able to finance necessary capital expenditures for purposes such as re-leasing space on favorable terms or at all. 

If a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and the Company cannot or does not make the mortgage payments, it may have to surrender the property to the lender with a consequent loss of any prospective income and equity value from such property, which may also adversely affect the Company s credit ratings. Any of these risks can place strains on the Company s cash flows, reduce its ability to grow and adversely affect its results of operations. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s Financial Condition Could Be Adversely Affected by Financial Covenants 
 The Company s credit facilities and the indenture under which its senior unsecured indebtedness is, or may be, issued contain certain financial and operating covenants, including, among other things, leverage ratios and certain coverage ratios, as well as limitations on the Company s ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of its assets and engage in mergers and certain acquisitions. These credit facilities and indenture also contain customary default provisions including, but not limited to, the failure to pay principal and interest issued thereunder in a timely manner, the failure to comply with the Company s financial and operating covenants and the failure of the Company or its majority-owned subsidiaries (i.e., entities in which the Company has a greater than 50 interest) to pay when due certain indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds beyond applicable grace and cure periods. These covenants could limit the Company s ability to obtain additional funds needed to address cash shortfalls or pursue growth opportunities or transactions that would provide substantial return to its shareholders. In addition, a breach of these covenants could cause a default or accelerate some or all of the Company s indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition. 
 The Company May Incur Significant Debt Prepayment Costs as a Result of Repaying Indebtedness Prior to Its Stated Maturity 
 In prudently managing its capital structure and refinancing risk in the past, the Company has chosen to retire debt prior to its stated maturity date, and in doing so, has incurred prepayment or defeasance premiums in accordance with the relevant loan agreements. If the Company chooses to retire debt prior to its stated maturity date in the future, it may incur significant debt prepayment costs or defeasance premiums, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s cash flows and results of operations. 
 The Company Has Variable-Rate Debt and Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company has indebtedness with interest rates that vary depending upon the market index. In addition, the Company has a revolving credit facility that bears interest at a variable rate on any amounts drawn on the facility. The Company may incur additional variable-rate debt in the future. Increases in interest rates on variable-rate debt would increase the Company s interest expense, which would negatively affect net earnings and cash available for payment of its debt obligations and distributions to its shareholders. 
 Risks Related to the Company s Taxation as a REIT 
 If the Company Fails to Qualify as a REIT in Any Taxable Year, It Will Be Subject to U.S. Federal Income Tax as a Regular Corporation and Could Have Significant Tax Liability 
 The Company intends to operate in a manner that allows it to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, REIT qualification requires that the Company satisfy numerous requirements (some on an annual or quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex provisions of the Code, for which there are a limited number of judicial or administrative interpretations. The Company s status as a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters and circumstances that are not entirely within its control. Accordingly, the Company s ability to qualify and remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not certain. Even a technical or inadvertent violation of the REIT requirements could jeopardize the Company s REIT qualification. Furthermore, Congress or the Internal Revenue Service IRS might change the tax laws or regulations and the courts could issue new rulings, in each case potentially having a retroactive effect that could make it more difficult or impossible for the Company to continue to qualify as a REIT. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any tax year, the following will result: 
 The Company would be taxed as a regular domestic corporation, which, among other things, means that it would be unable to deduct distributions to its shareholders in computing its taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate rates; 

Any resulting tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to shareholders and could force the Company to liquidate assets or take other actions that could have a detrimental effect on its operating results and 

Unless the Company were entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, it would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which the Company lost its qualification, and its cash available for debt service obligations and distribution to its shareholders, therefore, would be reduced for each of the years in which the Company does not qualify as a REIT. 

Even if the Company remains qualified as a REIT, it may face other tax liabilities that reduce its cash flow. The Company s TRS is subject to taxation, and any changes in the laws affecting the Company s TRS may increase the Company s tax expenses. The Company may also be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on its income and property either directly or at the level of its 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 subsidiaries. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for debt service obligations and distribution to the Company s shareholders. 
 Compliance with REIT Requirements May Negatively Affect the Company s Operating Decisions 
 To maintain its status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company must meet certain requirements on an ongoing basis, including requirements regarding its sources of income, the nature and diversification of its assets, the amounts the Company distributes to its shareholders and the ownership of its shares. The Company may also be required to make distributions to its shareholders when it does not have funds readily available for distribution or at times when the Company s funds are otherwise needed to fund capital expenditures or debt service obligations. 
 As a REIT, the Company must distribute at least 90 of its annual net taxable income (excluding net capital gains) to its shareholders. To the extent that the Company satisfies this distribution requirement, but distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income, the Company will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its undistributed taxable income. In addition, the Company will be subject to a 4 non-deductible excise tax if the actual amount paid to its shareholders in a calendar year is less than the minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. From time to time, the Company may generate taxable income greater than its income for financial reporting purposes, or its net taxable income may be greater than its cash flows available for distribution to its shareholders. If the Company does not have other funds available in these situations, it could be required to borrow funds, sell its securities or a portion of its properties at unfavorable prices or find other sources of funds in order to meet the REIT distribution requirements and avoid corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax. 
 In addition, the REIT provisions of the Code impose a 100 tax on income from prohibited transactions. Prohibited transactions generally include sales of assets, other than foreclosure property, that constitute inventory or other property held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. This 100 tax could affect the Company s decisions to sell property if it believes such sales could be treated as a prohibited transaction. However, the Company would not be subject to this tax if it were to sell assets through its TRS. The Company will also be subject to a 100 tax on certain amounts if the economic arrangements between the Company and its TRS are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties. 
 The Company May Be Forced to Borrow Funds to Maintain Its REIT Status, and the Unavailability of Such Capital on Favorable Terms at the Desired Times, or at All, May Cause the Company to Curtail Its Investment Activities and/or to Dispose of Assets at Inopportune Times, Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect the Company 
 To qualify as a REIT, the Company generally must distribute to shareholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income each year, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, and the Company will be subject to regular corporate income taxes on its undistributed taxable income to the extent that the Company distributes less than 100 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gains, each year. In addition, the Company will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by the Company in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of the Company s ordinary income, 95 of its capital gain net income and 100 of its undistributed income from prior years. The Company could have a potential distribution shortfall as a result of, among other things, differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and recognition of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. In order to maintain REIT status and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, the Company may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements. The Company may not be able to borrow funds on favorable terms or at all, and the Company s ability to borrow may be restricted by the terms of the instruments governing the Company s existing indebtedness. The Company s access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market s perception of the Company s growth potential, current debt levels, the market price of common shares and current and potential future earnings. The Company cannot assure shareholders that it will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause the Company to curtail its investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times and could materially and adversely affect the Company. The Company may make taxable in-kind distributions of common shares, which may cause shareholders to be required to pay income taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash received, or the Company may be required to withhold taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash shareholders receive. 
 Dividends Paid by REITs Generally Do Not Qualify for Reduced Tax Rates 
 In general, the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for dividends paid to individual U.S. shareholders is 20 . Due to its REIT status, the Company s distributions to individual shareholders generally are not eligible for the reduced rates. However, U.S. shareholders that are individuals, trusts or estates generally may deduct up to 20 of the ordinary dividends (e.g., REIT dividends that are not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs (generally to 29.6 , assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37 maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. Accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts or estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the per share trading price of the Company s common shares. 
 Certain Foreign Shareholders May Be Subject to U.S. Federal Income Tax on Gain Recognized on a Disposition of the Company s Common Shares if the Company Does Not Qualify as a Domestically Controlled REIT 
 A foreign person disposing of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property interests, is generally subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain recognized on the disposition. This tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is domestically controlled. In general, the Company will be a domestically controlled REIT if at all times during the five-year period ending on the applicable stockholder s disposition of the Company s stock, less than 50 in value of the stock was held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. persons. If the Company were to fail to qualify as a domestically controlled REIT, gain recognized by a foreign stockholder on a disposition of the Company s common shares would be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless the common shares were traded on an established securities market and the foreign stockholder did not at any time during a specific testing period directly or indirectly own more than 10 of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 Legislative or Other Actions Affecting REITs Could Have a Negative Effect on the Company 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect the Company or its shareholders. The Company cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect shareholders or the Company. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the Company s ability to qualify as a REIT, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Company. In addition, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. Furthermore, potential amendments and technical corrections, as well as interpretations and implementation of regulations by the Treasury and IRS, may have or may in the future occur or be enacted, and, in each case, they could lessen or increase the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA ). In addition, states and localities, which often use federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities, continue to react to the TCJA, and these may exacerbate its negative, or diminish its positive, effects on the Company. It is impossible to predict the nature or extent of any new tax legislation, regulation or administrative interpretations, but such items could adversely affect the Company s operating results, financial condition and/or future business planning. 
 Risks Related to the Company s Organization, Structure and Ownership 
 Provisions of the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations Could Have the Effect of Delaying, Deferring or Preventing a Change in Control, Even if That Change May Be Considered Beneficial by Some of the Company s Shareholders 
 The Company s Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by the Company s Board of Directors. Among other things, the Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations include these provisions: 
 Prohibiting any person, except for certain shareholders (including the family of Mr. Alexander Otto) as set forth in the Company s Articles of Incorporation, from owning more than 5 of the Company s outstanding common shares in order to maintain the Company s status as a REIT; 

Authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by the Board of Directors without shareholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the Company s common shares; 

Providing that any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office; 

Providing that no shareholder may cumulate the shareholder s voting power in the election of directors; 

Providing that shareholders may not act by written consent unless such written consent is unanimous and 

19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Requiring advance notice of shareholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of the Company s shareholders and for nominations of candidates for election to the Board of Directors. 

These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Company s management. The Company believes these provisions protect its shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics and are not intended to make the Company immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay, defer or prevent an acquisition that the Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, which under certain circumstances could reduce the market price of its common shares. 
 The Company Has Significant Shareholders Who May Exert Influence on the Company as a Result of Their Considerable Beneficial Ownership of the Company s Common Shares, and Their Interests May Differ from the Interests of Other Shareholders 
 The Company has shareholders, including Mr. Alexander Otto, who is a member of the Board of Directors, who, because of their considerable beneficial ownership of the Company s common shares, are in a position to exert significant influence over the Company. These shareholders may exert influence with respect to matters that are brought to a vote of the Company s Board of Directors and/or the holders of the Company s common shares. Among others, these matters include the election of the Company s Board of Directors, corporate finance transactions and joint venture activity, merger, acquisition and disposition activity, and amendments to the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations. In the context of major corporate events, the interests of the Company s significant shareholders may differ from the interests of other shareholders. For example, if a significant shareholder does not support a merger, tender offer, sale of assets or other business combination because the shareholder judges it to be inconsistent with the shareholder s investment strategy, the Company may be unable to enter into or consummate a transaction that would enable other shareholders to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market prices for common shares. Furthermore, significant shareholders of the Company have sold in the past, and may sell in the future, substantial amounts of the Company s common shares in the public market to enhance the shareholders liquidity positions, fund alternative investments or for other reasons. This has caused in the past, and may cause in the future, the trading price of the Company s common shares to decline significantly, resulting in other shareholders being unable to sell their common shares at favorable prices. The Company cannot predict or control how the Company s significant shareholders may use the influence they have as a result of their common share holdings. 
 The Company s Board of Directors May Change Significant Corporate Policies Without Shareholder Approval 
 The Company s strategies and investment, financing and dividend policies will be determined by its Board of Directors. These strategies and policies may be amended or revised at any time at the discretion of the Board of Directors without a vote of the Company s shareholders. A change in any of these strategies and policies could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, operating results and cash flow and on its ability to pay dividends to shareholders. 
 Risks Related to the Company s Common Shares 
 Changes in Market Conditions Could Adversely Affect the Market Price of the Company s Publicly Traded Securities 
 As with other publicly traded securities, the market price of the Company s publicly traded securities depends on various market conditions, which may change from time to time. Among the market conditions that may affect the market price of the Company s publicly traded securities are the following: 
 The extent of institutional investor interest in the Company and the properties it owns; 

The reputation of REITs generally and the reputation of REITs with similar portfolios; 

The attractiveness of the securities of REITs in comparison to securities issued by other entities (including securities issued by other real estate companies or sovereign governments), bank deposits or other investments; 

The Company s financial condition and performance; 

The market s perception of the Company s growth potential and future cash dividends; 

An increase in market interest rates, which may lead prospective investors to demand a higher distribution rate in relation to the price paid for the Company s shares and 

General economic and financial market conditions. 

20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company May Issue Additional Securities Without Shareholder Approval 
 The Company can issue preferred shares and common shares without shareholder approval subject to certain limitations in the Company s Articles of Incorporation. Holders of preferred shares have priority over holders of common shares, and the issuance of additional shares reduces the ownership interest of existing holders in the Company. 
 General Risks Relating to Investments in the Company s Securities 
 The Company May Be Unable to Retain and Attract Key Management Personnel 
 The Company may be unable to retain and attract talented executives. In the event of the loss of key management personnel to competitors, or upon unexpected death, disability or retirement, the Company may not be able to find replacements with comparable skill, ability and industry expertise. The Company s operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected until suitable replacements are identified and retained, if at all. 
 The Company Is Subject to Litigation That Could Adversely Affect Its Results of Operations 
 The Company is a defendant from time to time in lawsuits and regulatory proceedings relating to its business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, the Company cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such litigation or proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. Any such litigation could also lead to increased volatility of the trading price of the Company s common shares. For a further discussion of litigation risks, see Legal Matters in Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Changes in Accounting Standards Issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or Other Standard-Setting Bodies May Adversely Affect the Company s Business 
 The Company s financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which are periodically revised and/or expanded. From time to time, the Company is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the FASB and the SEC. It is possible that accounting standards the Company is required to adopt may require changes to the current accounting treatment that it applies to its consolidated financial statements and may require it to make significant changes to its systems. Changes in accounting standards could result in a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 It em 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 It em 2. PROPERTIES 
 At December 31, 2022, the Portfolio Properties included 119 shopping centers (including 18 centers owned through unconsolidated joint ventures). At December 31, 2022, the Portfolio Properties aggregated 27.0 million square feet of Company-owned GLA located in 20 states. These centers are principally located in suburban, higher household income communities with the highest concentration of centers located in the Southeast, including Florida, Georgia and North Carolina. 
 At December 31, 2022, on a pro rata basis, the average annualized base rent per square foot was 19.52. The average annualized base rent of the Company s 101 wholly-owned shopping centers was 19.61 per square foot, and the average annualized base rent for the 18 shopping centers owned through unconsolidated joint ventures was 16.20 per square foot. The Company s average annualized base rent per square foot does not consider tenant expense reimbursements. 
 The majority of the Company s shopping centers are anchored by national tenant anchors and are designed to provide a highly compelling shopping experience and merchandise mix for retail partners and consumers. The tenants of the shopping centers typically cater to the consumer s desire for value, service and convenience and offer day-to-day necessities rather than luxury items. The properties often include discounters, specialty grocers, pet supply stores, fitness centers, quick-service restaurants and beauty supply retailers as additional anchors or tenants. In recent years, the Company has also acquired a number of smaller format, convenience retail properties which do not include a traditional anchor tenant. The Company has established close relationships with a large number of major national and regional tenants, many of which occupy space in its shopping centers. 
 Information as to the Company s 10 largest tenants based on total annualized rental revenues and Company-owned GLA at December 31, 2022, is set forth in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption Executive Summary Retail Environment and Company Fundamentals of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 additional details related to property encumbrances for the Company s wholly-owned assets, see Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) herein. At December 31, 2022, the Company owned an investment in 18 properties through unconsolidated joint ventures, which properties served as collateral for joint venture mortgage debt aggregating approximately 535.1 million (of which the Company s proportionate share is 110.6 million) and is not reflected in the Company's consolidated indebtedness. The Company s properties range in size from approximately 2,000 square feet to approximately 1,100,000 square feet of total GLA (with 46 properties exceeding 300,000 square feet of total GLA). On a pro rata basis, the Company s properties were 92.4 occupied as of December 31, 2022. 
 Tenant Lease Expirations and Renewals 
 The following table shows the impact of tenant lease expirations through 2032 at the Company s 101 wholly-owned shopping centers, assuming that none of the tenants exercise any of their renewal options: 

Expiration Year 
 
 No. of Leases Expiring 

Approximate GLA in Square Feet (Thousands) 

Annualized Base Rent Under Expiring Leases (Thousands) 

Average Base Rent per Square Foot Under Expiring Leases 

Percentage of Total GLA Represented by Expiring Leases 
 
 Percentage of Total Base Rental Revenues Represented by Expiring Leases 

2023 

165 

955 

20,462 

21.42 

4.9 
 
 5.9 

2024 

330 

2,751 

50,080 

18.21 

14.1 
 
 14.4 

2025 

287 

2,591 

50,852 

19.63 

13.2 
 
 14.6 

2026 

238 

2,080 

37,777 

18.17 

10.6 
 
 10.9 

2027 

283 

2,767 

53,978 

19.51 

14.1 
 
 15.5 

2028 

206 

2,291 

41,540 

18.13 

11.7 
 
 11.9 

2029 

101 

899 

19,720 

21.93 

4.6 
 
 5.7 

2030 

105 

830 

16,933 

20.41 

4.2 
 
 4.9 

2031 

80 

780 

13,483 

17.28 

4.0 
 
 3.9 

2032 

149 

971 

20,690 

21.32 

5.0 
 
 5.9 

Total 

1,944 

16,915 

325,515 

19.24 

86.4 
 
 93.6 

The following table shows the impact of tenant lease expirations through 2032 at the Company s 18 shopping centers owned through unconsolidated joint ventures, assuming that none of the tenants exercise any of their renewal options: 

Expiration Year 
 
 No. of Leases Expiring 

Approximate GLA in Square Feet (Thousands) 

Annualized Base Rent Under Expiring Leases (Thousands) 

Average Base Rent per Square Foot Under Expiring Leases 

Percentage of Total GLA Represented by Expiring Leases 
 
 Percentage of Total Base Rental Revenues Represented by Expiring Leases 

2023 

41 

276 

5,515 

19.94 

5.9 
 
 8.0 

2024 

61 

659 

9,017 

13.69 

14.0 
 
 13.2 

2025 

52 

493 

7,690 

15.59 

10.5 
 
 11.2 

2026 

58 

652 

9,506 

14.58 

13.9 
 
 13.9 

2027 

57 

630 

10,758 

17.08 

13.4 
 
 15.7 

2028 

42 

590 

8,999 

15.26 

12.5 
 
 13.1 

2029 

21 

209 

3,376 

16.15 

4.4 
 
 4.9 

2030 

12 

65 

1,222 

18.93 

1.4 
 
 1.8 

2031 

16 

280 

4,906 

17.51 

6.0 
 
 7.2 

2032 

25 

221 

3,817 

17.26 

4.7 
 
 5.6 

Total 

385 

4,075 

64,806 

15.90 

86.7 
 
 94.6 

The rental payments under certain of these leases will remain constant until the expiration of their base terms, regardless of inflationary increases. There can be no assurance that any of these leases will be renewed or that any replacement tenants will be obtained if not renewed. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SITE Centers Corp. 
 Shopping Center Property List at December 31, 2022 

Location 
 
 Center 
 
 Year Developed/ Redeveloped 
 
 Year Acquired 
 
 SITE Ownership Interest 
 
 Owned GLA (000's) 

Total Annualized Base Rent (000's) 

Average Base Rent (Per SF) (1) 

Key Tenants 

Arizona 

1 

Chandler, AZ 
 
 Chandler Center 
 
 2016 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

7 

294 

42.45 

2 

Mesa, AZ 
 
 Shops at Power and Baseline 
 
 2016 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

4 

214 

56.22 

3 

Phoenix, AZ 
 
 Ahwatukee Foothills Towne Center 
 
 2013 
 
 1998 
 
 20 

691 

12,142 

18.14 

AMC Theatres, Best Buy, Big Lots, Burlington, HomeGoods, JOANN, Lina Home Furnishing, Marshalls, Michaels, OfficeMax, Ross Dress for Less, Sprouts Farmers Market 

4 

Phoenix, AZ 
 
 Arrowhead Crossing 
 
 1995 
 
 1996 
 
 100 

353 

5,574 

16.32 

Burlington, DSW, Golf Galaxy, Hobby Lobby, HomeGoods, Nordstrom Rack, Staples, T.J. Maxx 

5 

Phoenix, AZ 
 
 Deer Valley Towne Center 
 
 1996 
 
 1999 
 
 100 

190 

3,792 

20.55 

Michaels, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less 

6 

Phoenix, AZ 
 
 Paradise Village Gateway 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 100 

295 

4,543 

25.38 

PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Sun Ski Sports 

7 

Scottsdale, AZ 
 
 Artesia Village 
 
 2007 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

21 

850 

39.81 

8 

Scottsdale, AZ 
 
 Northsight Plaza 
 
 2004 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

10 

325 

33.65 

9 

Tempe, AZ 
 
 Broadway Center 
 
 2015 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

11 

379 

35.45 

California 

10 

Buena Park, CA 
 
 Buena Park Place 
 
 2009 
 
 2004 
 
 100 

213 

3,652 

17.58 

Aldi, Kohl's, Michaels 

11 

Fontana, CA 
 
 Falcon Ridge Town Center 
 
 2005 
 
 2013 
 
 100 

277 

6,500 

23.66 

24 Hour Fitness, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less, Stater Bros Markets 

12 

Lafayette, CA 
 
 La Fiesta Square 
 
 1993 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

53 

2,451 

52.21 

13 

Lafayette, CA 
 
 Lafayette Mercantile 
 
 2006 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

22 

1,063 

58.64 

14 

Long Beach, CA 
 
 The Pike Outlets (2) 
 
 2015 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

389 

5,517 

23.67 

Cinemark, H M, Nike, Restoration Hardware 

15 

Oakland, CA 
 
 Whole Foods at Bay Place 
 
 2006 
 
 2013 
 
 100 

57 

2,919 

51.02 

Whole Foods 

16 

Richmond, CA 
 
 Hilltop Plaza 
 
 2000 
 
 2002 
 
 20 

246 

3,758 

17.31 

99 Cents Only, Century Theatre, City Sports Club, dd's Discounts, Ross Dress for Less 

17 

Roseville, CA 
 
 Creekside Plaza 
 
 2007 
 
 2014 
 
 100 

32 

1,258 

40.17 

18 

Roseville, CA 
 
 Ridge at Creekside 
 
 2007 
 
 2014 
 
 100 

243 

4,845 

20.04 

Bed Bath Beyond, buybuy BABY, Cost Plus World Market, Macy's Furniture Gallery, REI 

19 

San Francisco, CA 
 
 1000 Van Ness 
 
 1998 
 
 2002 
 
 100 

122 

2,919 

37.66 

CGV Cinemas 

Colorado 

20 

Centennial, CO 
 
 Centennial Promenade 
 
 2002 
 
 1997 
 
 100 

443 

6,941 

21.29 

Conn's, Golf Galaxy, HomeGoods, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less, Stickley Furniture, Total Wine More 

21 

Colorado Springs, CO 
 
 Chapel Hills 
 
 2000 
 
 2011 
 
 100 

450 

5,418 

13.39 

Barnes Noble, Best Buy, Burlington, DSW, Nordstrom Rack, Old Navy, Pep Boys, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Urban Air Adventure Park, Whole Foods 

22 

Denver, CO 
 
 Shops on Montview 
 
 2020 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

9 

260 

38.68 

23 

Denver, CO 
 
 University Hills 
 
 1997 
 
 2003 
 
 100 

236 

4,529 

20.37 

King Soopers, Marshalls, Michaels 

24 

Parker, CO 
 
 FlatAcres MarketCenter/ Parker Pavilions (2) 
 
 2003 
 
 2003 
 
 100 

232 

4,340 

19.36 

24 Hour Fitness, Bed Bath Beyond, Michaels, Office Depot 

Connecticut 

25 

Guilford, CT 
 
 Guilford Commons 
 
 2015 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

129 

2,146 

18.32 

Bed Bath Beyond, The Fresh Market 

26 

Plainville, CT 
 
 Connecticut Commons 
 
 2013 
 
 DEV 
 
 20 

561 

7,003 

13.69 

AMC Theatres, Dick's Sporting Goods, DSW, Kohl's, Lowe's, Marshalls, Old Navy, PetSmart 

27 

Windsor, CT 
 
 Windsor Court 
 
 1993 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

79 

1,513 

19.89 

Stop Shop 

23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SITE Centers Corp. 
 Shopping Center Property List at December 31, 2022 

Location 
 
 Center 
 
 Year Developed/ Redeveloped 
 
 Year Acquired 
 
 SITE Ownership Interest 
 
 Owned GLA (000's) 

Total Annualized Base Rent (000's) 

Average Base Rent (Per SF) (1) 

Key Tenants 

Florida 

28 

Boca Raton, FL 
 
 Shops at Boca Center 
 
 1986 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

117 

4,090 

41.00 

Total Wine More 

29 

Boynton Beach, FL 
 
 Village Square at Golf 
 
 2002 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

135 

1,780 

22.16 

30 

Brandon, FL 
 
 Lake Brandon Plaza 
 
 2014 
 
 2009 
 
 100 

178 

2,518 

14.51 

JOANN, Nordstrom Rack, Publix, Total Wine More 

31 

Brandon, FL 
 
 Lake Brandon Village 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 100 

114 

1,478 

15.64 

buybuy BABY, PetSmart, Sprouts Farmers Market 

32 

Brandon, FL 
 
 The Collection at Brandon Boulevard (2) 
 
 2021 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

222 

3,053 

13.73 

Bealls Outlet, Chuck E. Cheese's, Crunch Fitness, Kane Furniture 

33 

Casselberry, FL 
 
 Casselberry Commons 
 
 2010 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

246 

3,232 

15.75 

Burlington, Publix, Ross Dress for Less, T.J. Maxx 

34 

Delray Beach, FL 
 
 Shoppes at Addison Place 
 
 2000 
 
 2021 
 
 100 

56 

2,280 

46.33 

35 

Fort Walton Beach, FL 
 
 Shoppes at Paradise Pointe 
 
 2000 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

84 

875 

12.71 

Publix 

36 

Jupiter, FL 
 
 Concourse Village 
 
 2004 
 
 2015 
 
 100 

134 

2,309 

17.86 

Ross Dress for Less, T.J. Maxx 

37 

Melbourne, FL 
 
 Melbourne Shopping Center 
 
 1999 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

211 

1,409 

9.08 

Big Lots, Club 4 Fitness, Publix 

38 

Miami, FL 
 
 The Shops at Midtown Miami 
 
 2006 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

467 

9,872 

21.83 

Dick's Sporting Goods, HomeGoods, Marshalls, Nordstrom Rack, Ross Dress for Less, Target, west elm 

39 

Naples, FL 
 
 Carillon Place 
 
 1994 
 
 1995 
 
 100 

265 

3,888 

15.79 

Bealls Outlet, DSW, OfficeMax, Ross Dress for Less, T.J. Maxx, Walmart Neighborhood Market 

40 

Orlando, FL 
 
 Lee Vista Promenade 
 
 2016 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

314 

5,276 

17.42 

Academy Sports, Bealls Outlet, Epic Theatres, HomeGoods, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less 

41 

Orlando, FL 
 
 Millenia Crossing 
 
 2009 
 
 2015 
 
 100 

100 

2,164 

25.41 

Nordstrom Rack 

42 

Palm Harbor, FL 
 
 The Shoppes of Boot Ranch 
 
 1990 
 
 1995 
 
 100 

52 

1,390 

28.07 

43 

Plantation, FL 
 
 The Fountains 
 
 2010 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

430 

6,876 

16.79 

Dick's Sporting Goods, JOANN, Kohl's, Marshalls/HomeGoods, Total Wine More, Urban Air Trampoline Adventure Park 

44 

Tamarac, FL 
 
 Midway Plaza 
 
 1985 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

228 

2,792 

14.53 

Publix, Ross Dress for Less 

45 

Tampa, FL 
 
 North Pointe Plaza 
 
 1990 
 
 IPO 
 
 100 

108 

1,654 

15.32 

Publix 

46 

Tampa, FL 
 
 Southtown Center 
 
 2005 
 
 2019 
 
 100 

44 

1,265 

35.92 

47 

Wesley Chapel, FL 
 
 The Shoppes at New Tampa 
 
 2002 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

155 

1,956 

15.77 

Publix, Ross Dress for Less 

48 

Winter Garden, FL 
 
 Winter Garden Village 
 
 2007 
 
 2013 
 
 100 

759 

15,945 

21.57 

Bealls, Bed Bath Beyond, Best Buy, Burlington, Forever 21, Havertys, JOANN, LA Fitness, Marshalls, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Staples 

Georgia 

49 

Alpharetta, GA 
 
 Shoppes of Crabapple 
 
 2006 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

8 

242 

28.93 

50 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 Hammond Springs 
 
 2008 
 
 2021 
 
 100 

69 

1,978 

30.19 

51 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 Parkwood Shops 
 
 1996 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

20 

518 

25.39 

52 

Atlanta, GA 
 
 Perimeter Pointe 
 
 2002 
 
 1995 
 
 100 

360 

4,504 

19.32 

Dick's Sporting Goods, HomeGoods, LA Fitness, Regal Cinemas 

53 

Cumming, GA 
 
 Cumming Marketplace 
 
 1999 
 
 2003 
 
 100 

310 

4,315 

14.04 

Lowe's, Marshalls, Michaels, OfficeMax 

54 

Cumming, GA 
 
 Cumming Town Center 
 
 2007 
 
 2013 
 
 100 

311 

5,095 

16.36 

Ashley Furniture HomeStore, Best Buy, Burlington, Dick's Sporting Goods, T.J. Maxx/HomeGoods 

55 

Cumming, GA 
 
 Sharon Greens 
 
 2001 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

98 

1,169 

12.82 

Kroger 

56 

Decatur, GA 
 
 Hairston Crossing 
 
 2002 
 
 2007 
 
 20 

58 

535 

9.65 

Goodwill 

57 

Douglasville, GA 
 
 Market Square 
 
 1990 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

125 

1,516 

12.71 

Aaron's 

24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SITE Centers Corp. 
 Shopping Center Property List at December 31, 2022 

Location 
 
 Center 
 
 Year Developed/ Redeveloped 
 
 Year Acquired 
 
 SITE Ownership Interest 
 
 Owned GLA (000's) 

Total Annualized Base Rent (000's) 

Average Base Rent (Per SF) (1) 

Key Tenants 

58 

Marietta, GA 
 
 Towne Center Prado 
 
 2002 
 
 1995 
 
 20 

287 

3,627 

13.46 

Going Going Gone, Publix, Ross Dress for Less 

59 

Roswell, GA 
 
 Sandy Plains Village 
 
 2013 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

174 

2,210 

13.98 

Movie Tavern, Painted Tree Marketplace 

60 

Snellville, GA 
 
 Presidential Commons 
 
 2000 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

274 

4,175 

15.24 

Burlington, buybuy BABY, JOANN, Kroger 

61 

Suwanee, GA 
 
 Johns Creek Town Center 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 100 

303 

4,249 

16.09 

Kohl's, Market By Macy's, Michaels, PetSmart, Sprouts Farmers Market, Staples 

Illinois 

62 

Chicago, IL 
 
 3030 North Broadway 
 
 2016 
 
 2017 
 
 100 

132 

4,538 

34.45 

Mariano's, XSport Fitness 

63 

Chicago, IL 
 
 The Maxwell 
 
 2014 
 
 2014 
 
 100 

240 

5,616 

27.18 

Burlington, Dick's Sporting Goods, Nordstrom Rack, T.J. Maxx 

64 

Deer Park, IL 
 
 Deer Park Town Center 
 
 2004 
 
 DEV 
 
 50 

357 

8,696 

32.77 

Century Theatre, Crate Barrel, Gap 

65 

Schaumburg, IL 
 
 Woodfield Village Green 
 
 2015 
 
 1995 
 
 100 

390 

7,726 

22.75 

Bloomingdale's The Outlet Store, Container Store, HomeGoods, Marshalls, Michaels, Nordstrom Rack, PetSmart, Sierra Trading Post, Trader Joe's 

66 

Tinley Park, IL 
 
 Brookside Marketplace 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 20 

317 

4,592 

15.68 

Best Buy, Dick's Sporting Goods, HomeGoods, Michaels, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, T.J. Maxx 

Indiana 

67 

Highland, IN 
 
 Highland Grove Shopping Center 
 
 2001 
 
 2007 
 
 20 

312 

4,402 

15.61 

Burlington, Kohl's, Michaels 

Massachusetts 

68 

Everett, MA 
 
 Gateway Center 
 
 2001 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

640 

6,098 

17.23 

Costco, Dollar Tree, Home Depot, Michaels, Old Navy, Target, Total Wine More 

69 

Framingham, MA 
 
 Shoppers World 
 
 1994 
 
 1995 
 
 100 

781 

17,844 

25.47 

AMC Theatres, Barnes Noble, Best Buy, DSW, Golf Galaxy, Hobby Lobby, HomeSense, Kohl's, Macy's Furniture Gallery, Marshalls, Michaels, Nordstrom Rack, PetSmart, Public Lands, Sierra Trading Post, T.J. Maxx 

Missouri 

70 

Brentwood, MO 
 
 The Promenade at Brentwood 
 
 1998 
 
 1998 
 
 100 

338 

5,305 

15.71 

Burlington, Micro Center, PetSmart, Target, Trader Joe's 

71 

Independence, MO 
 
 Independence Commons 
 
 1999 
 
 1995 
 
 20 

386 

5,713 

15.51 

AMC Theatres, Best Buy, Bob's Discount Furniture, Kohl's, Marshalls, Ross Dress for Less 

New Jersey 

72 

East Hanover, NJ 
 
 East Hanover Plaza 
 
 1994 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

98 

2,069 

21.11 

HomeGoods, HomeSense 

73 

Edgewater, NJ 
 
 Edgewater Towne Center 
 
 2000 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

76 

1,618 

29.60 

Whole Foods 

74 

Freehold, NJ 
 
 Freehold Marketplace 
 
 2005 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

21 

768 

37.18 

75 

Hamilton, NJ 
 
 Hamilton Marketplace 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 100 

550 

10,292 

20.23 

Barnes Noble, Bed Bath Beyond, Kohl's, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less, ShopRite, Staples 

76 

Princeton, NJ 
 
 Nassau Park Pavilion 
 
 2021 
 
 1997 
 
 100 

750 

11,393 

15.64 

At Home, Best Buy, Burlington, Dick's Sporting Goods, HomeGoods, HomeSense, Michaels, PetSmart, Raymour Flanigan, T.J. Maxx, Wegmans 

77 

Union, NJ 
 
 Route 22 Retail Center 
 
 1997 
 
 2007 
 
 20 

112 

1,562 

15.90 

Big Lots, Dick's Sporting Goods 

78 

Voorhees, NJ 
 
 Echelon Village Plaza 
 
 2002 
 
 2015 
 
 100 

89 

792 

12.58 

The Edge Fitness Clubs 

79 

Woodland Park, NJ 
 
 West Falls Plaza 
 
 1995 
 
 2007 
 
 20 

91 

1,786 

21.45 

andThat!, Cost Plus World Market 

25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SITE Centers Corp. 
 Shopping Center Property List at December 31, 2022 

Location 
 
 Center 
 
 Year Developed/ Redeveloped 
 
 Year Acquired 
 
 SITE Ownership Interest 
 
 Owned GLA (000's) 

Total Annualized Base Rent (000's) 

Average Base Rent (Per SF) (1) 

Key Tenants 

New York 

80 

Hempstead, NY 
 
 The Hub 
 
 2001 
 
 2015 
 
 100 

249 

3,277 

13.27 

Home Depot, Stop Shop 

North Carolina 

81 

Chapel Hill, NC 
 
 Meadowmont Village 
 
 2002 
 
 2007 
 
 20 

185 

2,297 

22.60 

Harris Teeter 

82 

Charlotte, NC 
 
 Belgate Shopping Center 
 
 2017 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

289 

4,771 

16.79 

Burlington, Cost Plus World Market, Hobby Lobby, Marshalls, Old Navy, PetSmart, T.J. Maxx 

83 

Charlotte, NC 
 
 Carolina Pavilion 
 
 1997 
 
 2012 
 
 100 

701 

9,735 

14.10 

AMC Theatres, American Freight Outlet Stores, AutoZone, Bed Bath Beyond, Big Lots, Burlington, buybuy BABY, Conn's, Floor Decor, Frontgate Outlet Store, JOANN, Nordstrom Rack, Old Navy, Ross Dress for Less, Value City Furniture 

84 

Charlotte, NC 
 
 Cotswold Village 
 
 2013 
 
 2011 
 
 100 

263 

6,157 

25.19 

Harris Teeter, Marshalls, PetSmart 

85 

Cornelius, NC 
 
 The Shops at The Fresh Market 
 
 2001 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

132 

1,400 

18.73 

The Fresh Market 

86 

Raleigh, NC 
 
 Poyner Place 
 
 2012 
 
 2012 
 
 20 

252 

3,966 

16.45 

Cost Plus World Market, Marshalls, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less, Target, Urban Air Trampoline Adventure Park 

87 

Wilmington, NC 
 
 University Centre 
 
 2001 
 
 IPO 
 
 20 

418 

4,441 

11.33 

Bed Bath Beyond, Lowe's, Old Navy, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Ross Dress for Less 

88 

Winston Salem, NC 
 
 Shoppes at Oliver's Crossing 
 
 2003 
 
 2007 
 
 20 

77 

1,064 

14.71 

Lowes Foods 

Ohio 

89 

Cincinnati, OH 
 
 Kenwood Square 
 
 2017 
 
 2013 
 
 100 

427 

7,118 

18.87 

Dick's Sporting Goods, Macy's Furniture Gallery, Marshalls/HomeGoods, Michaels, T.J. Maxx, The Fresh Market 

90 

Columbus, OH 
 
 Easton Market 
 
 2013 
 
 1998 
 
 100 

502 

7,670 

15.28 

Bed Bath Beyond, buybuy BABY, DSW, HomeGoods, Marshalls, Michaels, Nordstrom Rack, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Sierra Trading Post, T.J. Maxx, Value City Furniture 

91 

Columbus, OH 
 
 Polaris Towne Center 
 
 1999 
 
 2011 
 
 100 

459 

7,056 

16.88 

Best Buy, Big Lots, JOANN, Kroger, OfficeMax, T.J. Maxx 

92 

Mason, OH 
 
 Waterstone Center 
 
 1998 
 
 2014 
 
 100 

162 

2,774 

17.15 

Best Buy, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less 

93 

Stow, OH 
 
 Stow Community Center 
 
 2008 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

406 

4,855 

12.30 

Giant Eagle, Hobby Lobby, HomeGoods, Kohl's, T.J. Maxx 

94 

Toledo, OH 
 
 Springfield Commons 
 
 1999 
 
 DEV 
 
 20 

272 

2,433 

11.72 

Burlington, Kohl's, Planet Fitness 

95 

Westlake, OH 
 
 West Bay Plaza 
 
 2022 
 
 IPO 
 
 100 

147 

3,204 

23.14 

Fresh Thyme Farmers Market, HomeSense 

Oregon 

96 

Hillsboro, OR 
 
 Tanasbourne Town Center 
 
 2001 
 
 1996 
 
 100 

285 

5,211 

21.56 

Bed Bath Beyond, Marshalls, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less, Sierra Trading Post 

97 

Portland, OR 
 
 The Blocks 
 
 2001 
 
 2019 
 
 100 

97 

2,678 

35.71 

Pennsylvania 

98 

Boothwyn, PA 
 
 Larkin's Corner 
 
 1994 
 
 2015 
 
 100 

225 

2,136 

9.70 

ACME, Walmart 

99 

Easton, PA 
 
 Southmont Plaza 
 
 2004 
 
 2015 
 
 100 

251 

3,916 

16.11 

Barnes Noble, Bed Bath Beyond, Best Buy, Dick's Sporting Goods, Michaels, Staples 

26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SITE Centers Corp. 
 Shopping Center Property List at December 31, 2022 

Location 
 
 Center 
 
 Year Developed/ Redeveloped 
 
 Year Acquired 
 
 SITE Ownership Interest 
 
 Owned GLA (000's) 

Total Annualized Base Rent (000's) 

Average Base Rent (Per SF) (1) 

Key Tenants 

South Carolina 

100 

Anderson, SC 
 
 Midtowne Park 
 
 2008 
 
 2014 
 
 100 

167 

1,655 

9.89 

Dick's Sporting Goods, HomeGoods, Kohl's 

101 

Charleston, SC 
 
 Ashley Crossing 
 
 2011 
 
 2003 
 
 20 

208 

2,215 

11.17 

Food Lion, JOANN, Kohl's, Marshalls 

102 

Mount Pleasant, SC 
 
 Wando Crossing 
 
 2000 
 
 1995 
 
 100 

214 

3,222 

15.61 

Ashley Furniture HomeStore, Marshalls, Michaels, T.J. Maxx, Total Wine More 

Tennessee 

103 

Brentwood, TN 
 
 Cool Springs Pointe 
 
 2004 
 
 2000 
 
 100 

198 

3,158 

15.94 

Best Buy, Restoration Hardware, Ross Dress for Less 

Texas 

104 

Highland Village, TX 
 
 The Marketplace at Highland Village 
 
 2007 
 
 2013 
 
 100 

207 

3,680 

18.72 

DSW, LA Fitness, T.J. Maxx/HomeGoods 

105 

Houston, TX 
 
 Shops at Tanglewood 
 
 2019 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

26 

1,187 

46.45 

106 

Round Rock, TX 
 
 Vintage Plaza 
 
 2003 
 
 2019 
 
 100 

41 

835 

27.70 

107 

San Antonio, TX 
 
 Bandera Pointe 
 
 2002 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

490 

5,921 

12.58 

Barnes Noble, Gold's Gym, JOANN, Lowe's, Old Navy, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, T.J. Maxx, Urban Air Trampoline Adventure Park 

108 

San Antonio, TX 
 
 Terrell Plaza 
 
 2012 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

108 

2,083 

20.15 

Ross Dress for Less 

109 

San Antonio, TX 
 
 Village at Stone Oak 
 
 2007 
 
 DEV 
 
 100 

442 

6,412 

18.75 

Alamo Drafthouse Cinema, Hobby Lobby, HomeGoods, Ross Dress for Less 

Virginia 

110 

Charlottesville, VA 
 
 Emmet Street North 
 
 2020 
 
 2021 
 
 100 

2 

200 

86.32 

111 

Charlottesville, VA 
 
 Emmet Street Station 
 
 2018 
 
 2021 
 
 100 

11 

488 

51.82 

112 

Fairfax, VA 
 
 Boulevard Marketplace 
 
 2012 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

19 

788 

40.79 

113 

Fairfax, VA 
 
 Fairfax Marketplace 
 
 2008 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

19 

913 

55.14 

114 

Fairfax, VA 
 
 Fairfax Pointe 
 
 2010 
 
 2022 
 
 100 

10 

518 

49.39 

115 

Fairfax, VA 
 
 Fairfax Towne Center 
 
 1994 
 
 1995 
 
 100 

253 

5,058 

20.46 

Bed Bath Beyond, JOANN, Regal Cinemas, Safeway, T.J. Maxx 

116 

Midlothian, VA 
 
 Commonwealth Center 
 
 2002 
 
 2007 
 
 20 

166 

1,965 

17.94 

Michaels, The Fresh Market 

117 

Richmond, VA 
 
 Downtown Short Pump 
 
 2000 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

126 

2,972 

23.59 

Barnes Noble, Regal Cinemas 

118 

Richmond, VA 
 
 White Oak Village 
 
 2008 
 
 2014 
 
 100 

432 

6,408 

15.81 

JCPenney, K G Fashion Superstore, Michaels, PetSmart, Publix 

119 

Springfield, VA 
 
 Springfield Center 
 
 1999 
 
 2007 
 
 100 

177 

4,199 

23.76 

Barnes Noble, Bed Bath Beyond, DSW, Marshalls, Michaels, The Tile Shop 

(1) Calculated as total annualized base rentals divided by Company-owned rent commenced GLA as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) Indicates the asset or a portion of the asset is subject to a ground lease. All other assets are owned fee simple. 

27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 I tem 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to various legal proceedings, which, taken together, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is also subject to a variety of legal actions for personal injury or property damage arising in the ordinary course of its business, most of which are covered by insurance. While the resolution of all matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome of such legal proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity, financial position or results of operations. 
 I tem 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART II 
 I tem 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company s common shares are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol SITC. As of February 15, 2023, there were 3,722 record holders. This figure excludes non-registered holders that held their shares in street name through various brokerage firms, and therefore, does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of the Company s common shares. 
 The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and, if appropriate, modifying the Company s dividend policy. The Board of Directors intends to pursue a dividend policy retaining sufficient free cash flow to support the Company s capital needs while still adhering to REIT payout requirements. In February 2023, the Company declared its first-quarter 2023 dividend of 0.13 per common share, payable on April 6, 2023, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2023. 
 The decision to declare and pay future dividends on the Company s common shares, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will be subject to the Company s cash flow from operations, earnings, financial condition, capital and debt service requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors considers relevant. The Company is required by the Code to distribute at least 90 of its REIT taxable income. The Company intends to continue to declare quarterly dividends on its common shares; however, there can be no assurances as to the timing and amounts of future dividends. 
 Certain of the Company s indentures contain financial and operating covenants including the requirement that the cumulative dividends declared or paid from December 31, 1993, through the end of the current period cannot exceed Funds From Operations (as defined in the agreement) plus an additional 20.0 million for the same period unless required to maintain REIT status. 
 The Company has a dividend reinvestment plan under which shareholders may elect to reinvest their dividends automatically in common shares. Under the plan, the Company may, from time to time, elect that common shares be purchased in the open market on behalf of participating shareholders or may issue new common shares to such shareholders. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (Millions) 

October 1 31, 2022 
 
 20 

10.71 

November 1 30, 2022 
 
 4,958 

12.40 

December 1 31, 2022 
 
 2,162,904 

13.35 

2,162,884 

Total 
 
 2,167,882 

13.34 

2,162,884 

93.4 

(1) Includes (i) common shares surrendered or deemed surrendered to the Company to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting and/or exercise of awards under the Company s equity-based compensation plans and (ii) common shares purchased under the Company's share repurchase program. 

On November 29, 2018, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a common share repurchase program. Under the terms of the program, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to a maximum value of 100 million of its common shares, which authority was fully utilized as of December 20, 2022. In 2022, the Company repurchased 3.2 million of its common shares in open market transactions under this repurchase plan at an aggregate cost of 42.3 million, or 13.04 per share. 
 
 On December 20, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new common share repurchase program. Under the terms of the new program, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to a maximum value of 100 million of its common shares. In late December 2022, the Company repurchased 0.5 million of its common shares in open market transactions at an aggregate cost of 6.6 million, or 13.47 per share, under this program which settled in January 2023. As of January 31, 2023, the Company did not make any additional purchases of its common shares under this program. 
 Ite m 6. [RESERVED] 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 I tem 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 The Company is a self-administered and self-managed Real Estate Investment Trust REIT in the business of owning, leasing, acquiring, redeveloping, developing and managing shopping centers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s portfolio consisted of 119 shopping centers (including 18 shopping centers owned through unconsolidated joint ventures). At December 31, 2022, the Company owned 27.0 million square feet of gross leasable area GLA through all its properties (wholly-owned and joint venture). At December 31, 2022, the aggregate occupancy of the Company s operating shopping center portfolio was 92.4 on a pro rata basis, and the average annualized base rent per occupied square foot was 19.52 on a pro rata basis. 
 Current Strategy 
 The growth opportunities within the Company s core property operations include rental rate increases, continued lease-up of the portfolio and the adaptation of existing site plans and square footage to generate higher blended rental rates and operating cash flows. Additional growth opportunities include external acquisitions and tactical redevelopment. Management intends to use retained cash flow, proceeds from the sale of lower growth assets and proceeds from equity offerings and debt financings to fund capital expenditures relating to new leasing activity, acquisitions, including opportunistic investments, and tactical redevelopment activity. In recent years, the Company s acquisition activities have largely focused on unanchored, convenience retail properties that offer enhanced prospects for cash flow growth through rent increases and lower capital expenditure requirements. 
 The Company believes the following serve as cornerstones for the execution of its strategy: 
 Maximization of recurring cash flows through strong leasing and core property operations; 

Growth in Company cash flows through capital recycling, especially the redeployment of capital from mature, slower growing assets into acquisitions that offer greater prospects for growth in property-level cash flows; 

Enhancement of property cash flows through creative, proactive tactical redevelopment efforts that result in the profitable adaptation of site plans to better suit tenant and community demands; 

Risk mitigation through continuous focus on maintaining prudent leverage levels and lengthy average debt maturities, as well as access to a diverse selection of capital sources, including the secured and unsecured debt markets, unsecured lines of credit, common equity and capital from a wide range of joint venture partners and 

Sustainability of growth through a constant focus on relationships with employee, community and investor constituencies. 

Transaction and Capital Markets Highlights 
 Transaction and investment highlights for the Company during 2022 include the following: 
 Acquired 16 shopping centers (including one through the acquisition of a partner's interest) in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Texas and Virginia for an aggregate purchase price of 342.4 million; 

Sold 33 shopping centers and land parcels for 885.5 million 371.1 million at the Company's share), including the Company's 20 interest in the SAU Joint Venture based on a gross asset value of 155.7 million (at 100 and the Company s 20 interest in 13 assets owned by the DDRM Joint Venture based on a gross asset value of 387.6 million (at 100 ); 

In June 2022, amended and restated its 950 million revolving credit facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date to June 2026 (subject to two six-month extension options) and change the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. The Company also amended and restated its 100 million term loan to, among other things, extend the maturity date to June 2027 and change the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. The Company drew an additional 100.0 million on the term loan facility with total borrowings under the term loan facility aggregating 200.0 million at December 31, 2022. The Company also swapped the variable rate component of the term loan's interest rate to a fixed rate through the loan s maturity in June 2027; 

In the first and second quarter of 2022, settled 2.4 million common shares which were offered and sold on a forward basis under its 250 million continuous equity program, resulting in gross proceeds of 38.3 million, or 15.79 per share; 

30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 In the third and fourth quarters, repurchased 3.7 million of its common shares in open market transactions at an aggregate cost of 48.9 million, or 13.09 per share (including fees) and 

Declared aggregate cash dividends of 0.52 per common share. 

Operational Accomplishments 
 The Company's 2022 leasing volumes were the highest level in five years despite a decrease in the Company s GLA. The Company believes that recent strong leasing volumes are attributable to the concentration of the Company s portfolio in suburban, high household income communities and to national tenants strong financial positions and increasing emphasis and reliance on physical store locations to improve the speed and efficiency of fulfillment of online purchases. 
 Operating highlights for 2022 included: 
 Signed new leases and renewals for approximately 4.3 million square feet of GLA, which included 1.1 million square feet of new leasing volume, both on a pro rata basis; 

Achieved new cash lease spreads of 26.0 and renewal spreads of 6.4 at the Company s pro rata share; 

Increased annualized base rent per occupied square foot on a pro rata basis to 19.52 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 18.33 at December 31, 2021, primarily due to favorable leasing results and transactional activity and 

Aggregate occupancy increased on a pro rata basis to 92.4 at December 31, 2022, from 90.0 at December 31, 2021. 

Retail Environment 
 The Company continued to see demand from a broad range of tenants for its space in 2022, particularly as large national retailers launched new brand concepts and further incorporated omni-channel strategies leveraging brick and mortar infrastructure to fulfill online purchases and drive incremental business. Although certain retailers have recently announced bankruptcies and/or store closures, other retailers, specifically those in the value and convenience category, continue to expand their store fleets and launch new concepts. As a result, the Company believes that its prospects to backfill any spaces vacated by bankrupt or non-renewing tenants are generally good, though such re-tenanting efforts may require additional capital expenditures and opportunities to lease any vacant theater spaces may be more limited. Many of the Company s largest tenants, including TJX Companies, Dick s Sporting Goods, Ross, Burlington and Five Below, remain well positioned with access to capital and have outperformed other retail categories on a relative basis. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized COVID-19 as a pandemic, which had a significant impact on the Company's collection rates in 2020. The Company s collection rates improved throughout 2021 and collection rates in 2022 were generally consistent with pre-pandemic levels. The Company's tenants, including tenants previously on the cash basis of accounting, are paying their monthly rent in a manner consistent with periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic and have generally repaid deferred rents relating to prior periods. As of December 31, 2022, the COVID-19-related rent deferral arrangements for tenants that are not accounted for on the cash basis have been repaid. Included in 2022 and 2021 results was 3.6 million and 13.8 million of prior period rental revenue, at SITE Centers share, respectively, primarily from cash-basis tenants. 
 The Company continues to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its business. Any new surges in contagion or new COVID-19 variants could adversely impact the Company s ability to lease space and collect rents. Certain tenant categories remain especially vulnerable to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including movie theaters, fitness centers and restaurants that rely on in-person dining, activities and entertainment. For a further discussion of the impact of the COVID 19 pandemic on the Company s business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Report on Form 10-K and Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financing Activities and Economic Conditions included in this section. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Company Fundamentals 
 The following table lists the Company s 10 largest tenants at its wholly-owned properties and its proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture properties combined as of December 31, 2022: 

At SITE Centers' Share 

Tenant 
 
 of Total Shopping Center Base Rental Revenues 
 
 of Company- Owned Shopping Center GLA 

1. 
 
 TJX Companies (A) 
 
 5.9 
 
 7.0 

2. 
 
 Dick's Sporting Goods (B) 
 
 2.7 
 
 2.8 

3. 
 
 PetSmart 
 
 2.4 
 
 2.3 

4. 
 
 Michaels 
 
 2.2 
 
 2.4 

5. 
 
 Ross Stores (C) 
 
 2.1 
 
 2.9 

6. 
 
 Bed, Bath Beyond (D) 
 
 1.9 
 
 2.5 

7. 
 
 Nordstrom Rack 
 
 1.8 
 
 1.6 

8. 
 
 Gap (E) 
 
 1.8 
 
 1.6 

9. 
 
 Best Buy 
 
 1.8 
 
 1.9 

10. 
 
 Burlington 
 
 1.7 
 
 1.9 

The following table lists the Company s and its unconsolidated joint ventures' 10 largest tenants at 100 as of December 31, 2022: 

At 100 

Wholly-Owned Properties 
 
 Joint Venture Properties 

Tenant 
 
 of Shopping Center Base Rental Revenues 
 
 of Company- Owned Shopping Center GLA 
 
 of Shopping Center Base Rental Revenues 
 
 of Company- Owned Shopping Center GLA 

TJX Companies (A) 
 
 6.0 
 
 5.2 
 
 3.2 
 
 3.4 

Dick's Sporting Goods (B) 
 
 2.7 
 
 2.0 
 
 2.9 
 
 3.0 

PetSmart 
 
 2.4 
 
 1.7 
 
 1.2 
 
 0.9 

Michaels 
 
 2.2 
 
 1.8 
 
 2.1 
 
 2.1 

Ross Stores (C) 
 
 2.1 
 
 2.1 
 
 3.8 
 
 3.9 

Nordstrom Rack 
 
 1.9 
 
 1.2 
 
 0.0 
 
 0.0 

Bed, Bath Beyond (D) 
 
 1.8 
 
 1.8 
 
 2.4 
 
 1.6 

Gap (E) 
 
 1.7 
 
 1.1 
 
 3.0 
 
 2.2 

Best Buy 
 
 1.7 
 
 1.4 
 
 2.7 
 
 2.3 

Ulta 
 
 1.7 
 
 0.9 
 
 1.9 
 
 1.1 

AMC Theatre 
 
 1.4 
 
 0.6 
 
 7.1 
 
 3.9 

Kohl's 
 
 1.5 
 
 2.1 
 
 5.0 
 
 7.0 

Lowe's 
 
 0.4 
 
 0.9 
 
 2.9 
 
 4.3 

Cinemark Theatre 
 
 0.3 
 
 0.3 
 
 2.3 
 
 1.7 

(A) Includes T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Sierra Trading, HomeSense and Combo Store 

(B) Includes Dick s Sporting Goods, Golf Galaxy and Public Lands 

(C) Includes Ross Dress for Less and dd s Discounts 

(D) Includes Bed Bath Beyond, buybuy BABY, Combo Store and subleases 

(E) Includes Gap, Old Navy and Banana Republic 

The Company leased approximately 5.2 million square feet (4.3 million square feet at the Company s share) of GLA in 2022 in its wholly-owned and joint venture portfolios, composed of 222 new leases and 421 renewals, for a total of 643 leases executed in 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 206 leases expiring in 2023 with an average base rent per square foot of 21.49 on a pro rata basis. For the comparable leases executed in 2022, at the Company s interest, the Company generated positive cash leasing 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 spreads of 26.0 for new leases and 6.4 for renewals, or 8.5 on a blended basis. Cash leasing spreads are a key metric in real estate, representing the percentage increase over rental rates on existing leases versus rental rates on new and renewal leases, though leasing spreads exclude consideration of the amount of capital expended in connection with new leasing activity and exclude properties in redevelopment. The Company s cash leasing spread calculation includes only those deals that were executed within one year of the date the prior tenant vacated, in addition to other factors that limit comparability, and as a result, is a good benchmark to compare the average annualized base rent of expiring leases with the comparable executed market rental rates. 
 For new leases executed during 2022, the Company expended a weighted-average cost of tenant improvements and lease commissions estimated at 7.42 per rentable square foot, on a pro rata basis, over the lease term, as compared to 8.34 per rentable square foot in 2021. The Company generally does not expend a significant amount of capital on lease renewals. 
 Summary 2022 Financial Results 
 The following provides an overview of the Company s key financial metrics (see Non-GAAP Financial Measures (in thousands except per share amounts): 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 
 157,563 

106,123 

FFO attributable to common shareholders 
 
 250,991 

242,774 

Operating FFO attributable to common shareholders 
 
 253,346 

245,687 

Earnings per share Diluted 
 
 0.73 

0.51 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in net income attributable to common shareholders, as compared to the prior year, was primarily attributable to higher gain on sale of wholly-owned and joint venture interests, higher operating results driven by base rent growth at existing assets, the net impact of property transaction activity, lower general and administrative expenses due to mark-to-market activity recorded in 2021 for certain PRSUs and the write-off of preferred share original issuance costs in 2021, partially offset by lower fee income from joint ventures and RVI. 
 The following discussion of the Company s financial condition and results of operations provides information that will assist in the understanding of the Company s financial statements and the factors that accounted for changes in certain key items in the financial statements, as well as critical accounting estimates that affected these financial statements. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiaries where the Company has financial or operating control. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. In preparing these financial statements, management has used available information, including the Company s history, industry standards and the current economic environment, among other factors, in forming its estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the Company s consolidated financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. It is possible that the ultimate outcome as anticipated by management in formulating its estimates inherent in these financial statements might not materialize. Application of the critical accounting policies described below involves the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions as to future uncertainties. Accordingly, actual results could differ from these estimates. In addition, other companies may use different estimates that may affect the comparability of the Company s results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable 
 Rental income has been reduced for the elimination of unpaid contractual lease payments for tenants that are on the cash basis of accounting due to collectability concerns. The payment of past due amounts owed by cash basis tenants could occur in a year beyond when the original amount was due creating volatility in the year-over-year presentation of rental income. When a tenant comes off the cash basis, there could be a reinstatement of the straight-line rent receivable, which would result in additional recognition of straight-line income. 
 The Company makes estimates of the collectability of its accounts receivable related to base rents, including straight-line rents, expense reimbursements and other revenue or income. The Company analyzes tenant credit worthiness, as well as current economic and tenant-specific sector trends when evaluating the probability of collection of accounts receivable. In evaluating tenant credit worthiness, the Company s assessment may include a review of payment history, tenant sales performance and financial position. For 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 larger national tenants, the Company also evaluates projected liquidity, as well as the tenant s access to capital and the overall health of the particular sector. In addition, with respect to tenants in bankruptcy, the Company makes estimates of the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition claims in assessing the probability of collection of the related receivable. The time to resolve these claims may exceed one year. These estimates have a direct impact on the Company s earnings because once the amount is considered not probable of being collected, earnings are reduced by a corresponding amount until the receivable is collected. 
 Real Estate and Long-Lived Assets 
 Impairment Assessment 
 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of real estate assets, including undeveloped land and construction in progress, and intangibles may be impaired. Impairment indicators are primarily related to a change in estimated hold periods and significant, prolonged decreases in projected cash flows; however, other impairment indicators could occur. A property s value is impaired only if management s estimate of the aggregate future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) to be generated by the property are less than the carrying value of the property. The determination of undiscounted cash flows may require significant estimates by management. In management s estimate of projected cash flows, it considers factors such as hold period, expected future operating income (loss), trends and prospects, the effects of demand, competition and other factors. If the Company is evaluating the potential sale of an asset or development alternatives, the undiscounted future cash flows analysis is probability-weighted based upon management s best estimate of the likelihood of the alternative courses of action. Subsequent changes in estimated undiscounted cash flows arising from changes in anticipated actions could affect the determination of whether an impairment exists and whether the effects could have a material impact on the Company s net income. To the extent an impairment has occurred, the loss will be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the property over the estimated fair value of the property. 
 The Company is required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of its real estate properties and other investments. These assessments have a direct impact on the Company s net income because recording an impairment charge results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. If the Company s estimates of the anticipated holding periods, projected future cash flows or market conditions change, its evaluation of the impairment charges may be different, and such differences could be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. Specifically, plans to hold properties over longer periods decrease the likelihood of recording impairment losses. 
 Measurement of Fair Value 
 The Company is required to periodically assess for impairment the value of its consolidated real estate assets. The fair value of real estate investments used in the Company s impairment calculations is estimated based on the price that would be received for the sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between marketplace participants at the measurement date. Real estate assets without a public market are valued based on assumptions made and valuation techniques used by the Company. The availability of observable transaction data and inputs can make it more difficult and/or subjective to determine the fair value of such real estate assets. As a result, amounts ultimately realized by the Company from real estate assets sold may differ from the fair values presented, and the differences could be material. 
 The valuation of real estate assets for impairment is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including the income capitalization approach or discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each asset considering prevailing market capitalization rates, analysis of recent comparable sales transactions, actual sales negotiations, bona fide purchase offers received from third parties and/or consideration of the amount that currently would be required to replace the asset, as adjusted for obsolescence. In general, the Company utilizes a valuation technique that is based on the characteristics of the specific asset when measuring fair value of an investment. However, a single valuation technique is generally used for the Company s property type. The significant assumptions include the capitalization rate used in the income capitalization valuation, as well as the projected property net operating income. Valuation of real estate assets is calculated based on market conditions and assumptions made by management at the measurement date, which may differ materially from actual results if market conditions or the underlying assumptions change. 
 Purchase Price Allocations of Property Acquisitions 
 For the acquisition of real estate assets, the Company allocates the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. The Company applies various valuation methods, all of which require significant estimates by management, including discount rates, exit capitalization rates, estimated land values (per square foot), capitalization rates and certain market leasing assumptions. Further, the valuation of above- and below-market lease values are significantly impacted by management's estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease. If the Company determines that an event has occurred after the initial allocation of the asset or liability that would change the estimated useful life of the asset, the Company will reassess the 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 depreciation and amortization of the asset. The Company is required to make subjective estimates in connection with these valuations and allocations. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the comparison of the Company s 2022 performance to 2021 presented below, consolidated shopping center properties owned as of January 1, 2021, are referred to herein as the Comparable Portfolio Properties. The discussion of the Company s 2021 performance compared to 2020 performance is set forth in Comparison of 2021 and 2020 Results of Operations included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Revenues from Operations (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Rental income (A) 
 
 537,106 

490,799 

46,307 

Fee and other income (B) 
 
 15,247 

42,065 

(26,818) 

Total revenues 
 
 552,353 

532,864 

19,489 

(A) The following table summarizes the key components of rental income (in thousands): 

Contractual Lease Payments 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Base and percentage rental income (1) 

391,883 

353,067 

38,816 

Recoveries from tenants (2) 

133,574 

120,530 

13,044 

Uncollectible revenue (3) 

1,388 

9,383 

(7,995) 

Lease termination fees, ancillary and other rental income 

10,261 

7,819 

2,442 

Total contractual lease payments 

537,106 

490,799 

46,307 

(1) The changes in base and percentage rental income were due to the following (in millions): 

Increase (Decrease) 

Acquisition of shopping centers 

25.5 

Comparable Portfolio Properties 

11.3 

Disposition of shopping centers 

(0.4) 

Straight-line rents 

2.4 

Total 

38.8 

The increase in straight-line rents was primarily due to the impact of straight-line rents recorded on properties recently acquired and the re-establishment of the recognition of straight-line rents for tenants that were removed from the cash basis of accounting. 
 The following tables present the statistics for the Company s assets affecting base and percentage rental income summarized by the following portfolios: pro rata combined shopping center portfolio, wholly-owned shopping center portfolio and joint venture shopping center portfolio: 

Pro Rata Combined Shopping Center Portfolio December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Centers owned (at 100 
 
 119 

136 

Aggregate occupancy rate 
 
 92.4 

90.0 

Average annualized base rent per occupied square foot 
 
 19.52 

18.33 

Wholly-Owned Shopping Centers December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Centers owned 
 
 101 

89 

Aggregate occupancy rate 
 
 92.6 

90.0 

Average annualized base rent per occupied square foot 
 
 19.61 

18.52 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 

Joint Venture Shopping Centers December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Centers owned 
 
 18 

47 

Aggregate occupancy rate 
 
 90.7 

89.4 

Average annualized base rent per occupied square foot 
 
 16.20 

15.15 

(2) Recoveries from tenants were approximately 78.6 and 78.9 of operating expenses and real estate taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(3) Primarily relates to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on rent collections, including the impact of lease modification accounting and tenants on the cash basis of accounting due to collectability concerns. The net amount reported as income was primarily attributable to rental income paid in each respective year from tenants on the cash basis of accounting, which related to amounts (including deferred rents) originally owed in 2020 and 2021. 

(B) In 2022, Fee and Other Income was primarily earned from the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures. The decrease as compared to 2021 primarily related to lower fee revenue from RVI and joint ventures as a result of asset sales, a trend expected to continue in future periods. As of April 2022, RVI no longer owns any real estate investments. The management agreement with RVI in effect as of January 1, 2022, includes a reduced asset management fee to effectuate a wind-up of its operations. In 2022, the DDRM Joint Venture sold 16 assets and the Company expects that the DDRM Joint Venture may sell additional assets in the future. The components of Fee and Other Income are presented in Note 2, Revenue Recognition, to the Company s consolidated financial statements included herein. 

Changes in the number of assets under management or the fee structures applicable to such arrangements will adversely impact the amount of revenue recorded in future periods. The Company s other joint venture partners may also elect to terminate their joint venture arrangements with the Company in connection with a change in investment strategy or otherwise. See Sources and Uses of Capital included elsewhere herein. 
 Expenses from Operations (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Operating and maintenance (A) 
 
 89,278 

76,716 

12,562 

Real estate taxes (A) 
 
 80,706 

76,071 

4,635 

Impairment charges (B) 
 
 2,536 

7,270 

(4,734) 

General and administrative (C) 
 
 46,564 

55,052 

(8,488) 

Depreciation and amortization (A) 
 
 203,546 

185,768 

17,778 

422,630 

400,877 

21,753 

(A) The changes were due to the following (in millions): 

Operating and Maintenance 

Real Estate Taxes 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Acquisition of shopping centers 

5.9 

4.3 

20.8 

Comparable Portfolio Properties 

6.5 

0.7 

(2.8) 

Disposition of shopping centers 

0.2 

(0.4) 

(0.2) 

12.6 

4.6 

17.8 

The increase in Operating and Maintenance for the Comparable Portfolio Properties was primarily the result of higher landlord expenses. 
 
 (B) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges that were triggered by a change in hold period assumptions. Changes in (i) an asset s expected future undiscounted cash flows due to changes in market or leasing conditions, (ii) various courses of action that may occur or (iii) holding periods could result in the recognition of additional impairment charges. Impairment charges are presented in Note 14, Impairment Charges and Reserves, to the Company s consolidated financial statements included herein. 

36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (c) General and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were approximately 6.8 and 6.7 of total revenues (excluding uncollectible revenue), respectively, including total revenues of unconsolidated joint ventures and managed properties for the comparable periods. Excluding mark-to-market activity recorded in 2021 of 5.6 million for certain PRSUs which were granted in 2018 and settled in 2021, general and administrative expenses were 6.0 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company continues to expense certain internal leasing salaries, legal salaries and related expenses associated with leasing and re-leasing of existing space. 

Other Income and Expenses (in thousands)	 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Interest expense (A) 
 
 (77,692) 

(76,383) 

(1,309) 

Other expense, net 
 
 (2,540) 

(1,185) 

(1,355) 

(80,232) 

(77,568) 

(2,664) 

(A) The weighted-average debt outstanding and related weighted-average interest rate are as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted-average debt outstanding (in billions) 

1.8 

1.8 

Weighted-average interest rate 

4.1 

4.1 

The Company s overall balance sheet strategy is to continue to maintain substantial liquidity, prudent leverage levels and lengthy average debt maturities. The weighted-average interest rate (based on contractual rates and excluding fair market value of adjustments and debt issuance costs) was 4.1 and 4.0 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest costs capitalized in conjunction with redevelopment projects were 1.1 million and 0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other Items (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Equity in net income of joint ventures (A) 
 
 27,892 

47,297 

(19,405) 

Gain on sale and change in control of interests, net (B) 
 
 45,581 

19,185 

26,396 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net (C) 
 
 46,644 

6,065 

40,579 

Tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiaries and state franchise and income taxes 
 
 (816) 

(1,550) 

734 

Income attributable to non-controlling interests, net (D) 
 
 (73) 

(481) 

408 

(A) Primarily the result of gains on sale of assets in both years. Amounts in 2022 also reflect the reduction of income as a result of the asset sales closed in 2021 and 2022. Joint venture property sales could significantly impact the amount of income or loss recognized in future periods. See Note 3, Investments in and Advances to Joint Ventures, in the Company s consolidated financial statements included herein. 

(B) In 2022, the Company recorded a 3.3 million gain from the acquisition of its joint venture partner's 80 equity interest in an asset (Casselberry Commons) owned by the DDRM Joint Venture, a 16.8 million gain from the sale of its 20 interest in the SAU Joint Venture to its partner and a 25.4 million gain from the sale of its 50 interest in Lennox Town Center to its partner. The 2021 gain relates to the sale of the Company s interest in undeveloped land in Richmond Hill, Ontario and the Company's acquisition of the equity interest of six assets owned by the DDRM Joint Venture. 

(C) The Company sold five wholly-owned shopping centers and land parcels in 2022 and several land parcels in 2021. 

(D) In December 2021, the Company acquired its partner s 33 non-controlling ownership interest in Paradise Village Gateway (Phoenix, Arizona), which represents the entire amount of the non-controlling interest recorded by the Company with respect to this property. 

Net Income (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Net income attributable to SITE Centers 
 
 168,719 

124,935 

43,784 

37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The increase in net income attributable to SITE Centers, as compared to the prior year, was primarily attributable to higher gain on sale of wholly-owned and joint venture interests, higher operating results driven by base rent growth at existing assets, the net impact of property acquisitions and lower general and administrative expenses due to mark-to-market activity recorded in 2021 for certain PRSUs, partially offset by lower fee income from joint ventures and RVI. 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 Funds from Operations and Operating Funds from Operations 
 Definition and Basis of Presentation 
 The Company believes that Funds from Operations FFO and Operating FFO, both non-GAAP financial measures, provide additional and useful means to assess the financial performance of REITs. FFO and Operating FFO are frequently used by the real estate industry, as well as securities analysts, investors and other interested parties, to evaluate the performance of REITs. The Company also believes that FFO and Operating FFO more appropriately measure the core operations of the Company and provide benchmarks to its peer group. 
 FFO excludes GAAP historical cost depreciation and amortization of real estate and real estate investments, which assume that the value of real estate assets diminishes ratably over time. Historically, however, real estate values have risen or fallen with market conditions, and many companies use different depreciable lives and methods. Because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization unique to real estate and gains and losses from property dispositions, it can provide a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, interest costs and acquisition, disposition and development activities. This provides a perspective of the Company s financial performance not immediately apparent from net income determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 FFO is generally defined and calculated by the Company as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with (GAAP), adjusted to exclude (i) preferred share dividends, (ii) gains and losses from disposition of real estate property and related investments, which are presented net of taxes, (iii) impairment charges on real estate property and related investments, (iv) gains and losses from changes in control and (v) certain non-cash items. These non-cash items principally include real property depreciation and amortization of intangibles, equity income (loss) from joint ventures and equity income (loss) from non-controlling interests and adding the Company s proportionate share of FFO from its unconsolidated joint ventures and non-controlling interests, determined on a consistent basis. The Company s calculation of FFO is consistent with the definition of FFO provided by NAREIT. 
 The Company believes that certain charges, income and gains recorded in its operating results are not comparable or reflective of its core operating performance. Operating FFO is useful to investors as the Company removes non-comparable charges, income and gains to analyze the results of its operations and assess performance of the core operating real estate portfolio. As a result, the Company also computes Operating FFO and discusses it with the users of its financial statements, in addition to other measures such as net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP and FFO. Operating FFO is generally defined and calculated by the Company as FFO excluding certain charges, income and gains that management believes are not comparable and indicative of the results of the Company s operating real estate portfolio. Such adjustments include write-off of preferred share original issuance costs, gains/losses on the early extinguishment of debt, certain transaction fee income, transaction costs and other restructuring type costs. The disclosure of these adjustments is regularly requested by users of the Company s financial statements. 
 The adjustment for these charges, income and gains may not be comparable to how other REITs or real estate companies calculate their results of operations, and the Company s calculation of Operating FFO differs from NAREIT s definition of FFO. Additionally, the Company provides no assurances that these charges, income and gains are non-recurring. These charges, income and gains could be reasonably expected to recur in future results of operations. 
 These measures of performance are used by the Company for several business purposes and by other REITs. The Company uses FFO and/or Operating FFO in part (i) as a disclosure to improve the understanding of the Company s operating results among the investing public, (ii) as a measure of a real estate asset company s performance, (iii) to influence acquisition, disposition and capital investment strategies and (iv) to compare the Company s performance to that of other publicly traded shopping center REITs. 
 For the reasons described above, management believes that FFO and Operating FFO provide the Company and investors with an important indicator of the Company s operating performance. They provide recognized measures of performance other than GAAP net income, which may include non-cash items (often significant). Other real estate companies may calculate FFO and Operating FFO in a different manner. 
 Management recognizes the limitations of FFO and Operating FFO when compared to GAAP s net income. FFO and Operating FFO do not represent amounts available for dividends, capital replacement or expansion, debt service obligations or other commitments and uncertainties. Management does not use FFO or Operating FFO as an indicator of the Company s cash obligations 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 and funding requirements for future commitments, acquisitions or development activities. Neither FFO nor Operating FFO represents cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, and neither is necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. Neither FFO nor Operating FFO should be considered an alternative to net income (computed in accordance with GAAP) or as an alternative to cash flow as a measure of liquidity. FFO and Operating FFO are simply used as additional indicators of the Company s operating performance. The Company believes that to further understand its performance, FFO and Operating FFO should be compared with the Company s reported net income (loss) and considered in addition to cash flows determined in accordance with GAAP, as presented in its consolidated financial statements. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measure of net income (loss) have been provided below. 
 Reconciliation Presentation 
 FFO and Operating FFO attributable to common shareholders were as follows (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

FFO attributable to common shareholders 
 
 250,991 

242,774 

8,217 

Operating FFO attributable to common shareholders 
 
 253,346 

245,687 

7,659 

The increase in FFO for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily attributable to higher operating results driven by base rent growth at existing assets, the net impact of property acquisitions, lower general and administrative expenses due to the mark-to-market adjustment on certain PRSUs settled in 2021 and the write-off of preferred share original issuance costs in 2021, partially offset by lower management fees. The change in Operating FFO primarily was due to positive operating results, partially offset by lower fee income. 
 The Company s reconciliation of net income attributable to common shareholders computed in accordance with GAAP to FFO attributable to common shareholders and Operating FFO attributable to common shareholders is as follows (in thousands). The Company provides no assurances that these charges and gains are non-recurring. These charges and gains could reasonably be expected to recur in future results of operations. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 
 157,563 

106,123 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate investments 
 
 198,662 

180,158 

Equity in net income of joint ventures 
 
 (27,892) 

(47,297) 

Joint ventures' FFO (A) 
 
 12,274 

21,703 

Non-controlling interests (OP Units) 
 
 73 

67 

Impairment of real estate 
 
 2,536 

7,270 

Gain on sale and change in control of interests, net 
 
 (45,581) 

(19,185) 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 
 
 (46,644) 

(6,065) 

FFO attributable to common shareholders 
 
 250,991 

242,774 

RVI disposition fees 
 
 (385) 

(9,016) 

Mark-to-market adjustment (PRSUs) 

5,589 

Debt extinguishment and other, net 
 
 1,886 

1,047 

Joint ventures debt extinguishment and other, net 
 
 854 

137 

Write-off of preferred share original issuance costs 

5,156 

Non-operating items, net 
 
 2,355 

2,913 

Operating FFO attributable to common shareholders 
 
 253,346 

245,687 

(A) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an economic investment in unconsolidated joint ventures which owned 18 and 47 shopping center properties, respectively. These joint ventures represent the investments in which the Company recorded its share of equity in net income or loss and, accordingly, FFO and Operating FFO. 

39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Joint ventures FFO and Operating FFO are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income attributable to unconsolidated joint ventures 
 
 106,846 

110,032 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate investments 
 
 46,518 

66,618 

Impairment of real estate 
 
 17,550 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 
 
 (120,097) 

(89,935) 

FFO 
 
 50,817 

86,715 

FFO at SITE Centers' ownership interests 
 
 12,274 

21,703 

Operating FFO at SITE Centers' ownership interests 
 
 13,128 

21,840 

Net Operating Income and Same Store Net Operating Income 
 Definition and Basis of Presentation 
 The Company uses Net Operating Income NOI ), which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as a supplemental performance measure. NOI is calculated as property revenues less property-related expenses. The Company believes NOI provides useful information to investors regarding the Company s financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level and, when compared across periods, reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and disposition activity on an unleveraged basis. 
 The Company also presents NOI information on a same store basis, or Same Store Net Operating Income SSNOI ). The Company defines SSNOI as property revenues less property-related expenses, which exclude straight-line rental income and reimbursements and expenses, lease termination income, management fee expense, fair market value of leases and expense recovery adjustments. SSNOI includes assets owned in comparable periods (15 months for prior period comparisons). In addition, SSNOI is presented including activity associated with major and tactical redevelopment. SSNOI excludes all non-property and corporate level revenue and expenses. Other real estate companies may calculate NOI and SSNOI in a different manner. The Company believes SSNOI at its effective ownership interest provides investors with additional information regarding the operating performance of comparable assets because it excludes certain non-cash and non-comparable items as noted above. SSNOI is frequently used by the real estate industry, as well as securities analysts, investors and other interested parties, to evaluate the performance of REITs. 
 SSNOI is not, and is not intended to be, a presentation in accordance with GAAP. SSNOI information has its limitations as it excludes any capital expenditures associated with the re-leasing of tenant space or as needed to operate the assets. SSNOI does not represent amounts available for dividends, capital replacement or expansion, debt service obligations or other commitments and uncertainties. Management does not use SSNOI as an indicator of the Company s cash obligations and funding requirements for future commitments, acquisitions or development activities. SSNOI does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. SSNOI should not be considered as an alternative to net income (computed in accordance with GAAP) or as an alternative to cash flow as a measure of liquidity. A reconciliation of NOI and SSNOI to their most directly comparable GAAP measure of net income (loss) is provided below. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation Presentation 
 The Company s reconciliation of net income computed in accordance with GAAP to NOI and SSNOI for the Company at 100 and at its effective ownership interest of the assets is as follows (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

At 100 

At the Company's Interest 

Net income attributable to SITE Centers 
 
 168,719 

124,935 

168,719 

124,935 

Fee income 
 
 (11,546) 

(40,521) 

(11,546) 

(40,521) 

Interest expense 
 
 77,692 

76,383 

77,692 

76,383 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 203,546 

185,768 

203,546 

185,768 

General and administrative 
 
 46,564 

55,052 

46,564 

55,052 

Other expense (income), net 
 
 2,540 

1,185 

2,540 

1,185 

Impairment charges 
 
 2,536 

7,270 

2,536 

7,270 

Equity in net income of joint ventures 
 
 (27,892) 

(47,297) 

(27,892) 

(47,297) 

Tax expense 
 
 816 

1,550 

816 

1,550 

Gain on sale and change in control of interests 
 
 (45,581) 

(19,185) 

(45,581) 

(19,185) 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 
 
 (46,644) 

(6,065) 

(46,644) 

(6,065) 

Income from non-controlling interests 
 
 73 

481 

73 

481 

Consolidated NOI 
 
 370,823 

339,556 

370,823 

339,556 

Net income from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 
 106,846 

110,032 

22,248 

49,459 

Interest expense 
 
 34,055 

43,379 

7,664 

10,557 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 46,518 

66,618 

10,457 

15,107 

Impairment charges 
 
 17,550 

3,510 

Other expense (income), net 
 
 12,303 

12,074 

2,766 

2,951 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 
 
 (120,097) 

(89,935) 

(23,965) 

(42,897) 

Unconsolidated NOI 
 
 97,175 

142,168 

22,680 

35,177 

Total Consolidated + Unconsolidated NOI 

393,503 

374,733 

Less: Non-Same Store NOI adjustments 

(34,404) 

(18,380) 

Total SSNOI including redevelopment 

359,099 

356,353 

SSNOI Change including redevelopment 

0.8 

The increase in SSNOI for the year ended December 31, 2022, was impacted by rents and recoveries primarily attributable to sequential increases in occupancy for same-store assets. This increase was negatively impacted by a decrease in the amount of rental revenues received from tenants related to prior-periods primarily from tenants on the cash basis of accounting. SSNOI for the year ended December 31, 2022, included uncollectible revenue of 3.4 million related to prior-period rental revenues as compared to 12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 The Company periodically evaluates opportunities to issue and sell additional debt or equity securities, obtain credit facilities from lenders or repurchase or refinance long-term debt as part of its overall strategy to further strengthen its financial position. The Company remains committed to monitoring liquidity and the duration of its indebtedness and to maintaining prudent leverage levels in an effort to manage its overall risk profile. 
 The Company s consolidated and unconsolidated debt obligations generally require monthly or semi-annual payments of principal and/or interest over the term of the obligation. While the Company currently believes it has several viable sources to obtain capital and fund its business, including capacity under its Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below), no assurance can be provided that these obligations will be refinanced or repaid as currently anticipated. Any new debt financings may also entail higher rates of interest than the indebtedness being refinanced, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations. 
 The Company has historically accessed capital sources through both the public and private markets. Acquisitions and redevelopments are generally financed through cash provided from operating activities, the Revolving Credit Facility, mortgages assumed, secured debt, unsecured debt, common and preferred equity offerings, joint venture capital and asset sales. Total consolidated debt outstanding was 1.7 billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had an unrestricted cash balance of 20.3 million and availability under its Revolving Credit Facility of 950.0 million (subject to satisfaction of applicable borrowing conditions). The Company has 87.2 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing in 2023. In 2024, the Company has 65.6 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes and 27.1 million of consolidated mortgage debt maturing. The Company s unconsolidated joint ventures have 22.1 million and 88.9 million in mortgage debt at the Company s share maturing in 2023 and 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any indebtedness outstanding having an interest rate determined by reference to LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, the Company anticipates that it has approximately 23 million to be incurred on its pipeline of identified redevelopment projects. The Company declared aggregate common share dividends of 0.52 per share in 2022 and declared a dividend of 0.13 per share in the first quarter of 2023. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity to operate its business at this time. 
 Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan 
 The Company maintains an unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Revolving Credit Facility that provides for borrowings of up to 950 million, which limit may be increased to 1.45 billion provided that existing or new lenders agree to provide incremental commitments and subject to other conditions precedent. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in June 2026 subject to two six-month options to extend the maturity to June 2027 at the Company s option (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions). The Company s borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates at the Company s election, based on either (i) the SOFR rate plus a 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus an applicable margin (0.85 at December 31, 2022), or (ii) the alternative base rate plus an applicable margin (0.0 at December 31, 2022). The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for an annual facility fee, which was 20 basis points on the entire facility at December 31, 2022. The applicable margins and facility fee vary depending on the Company s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings from Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s ), S P Global Ratings S P and Fitch Investor Services Inc. Fitch (or their respective successors). The Revolving Credit Facility also features a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable interest rate margin can be adjusted by one or two basis points if the Company meets certain sustainability performance targets. 
 In 2022, in connection with the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility described above, the Company terminated its separate 20 million unsecured revolving credit facility with PNC Bank, National Association. 
 The Company also maintains a 200 million unsecured term loan with a syndicate of financial institutions and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Term Loan ), that bears interest at variable rates, based on the Company's long-term senior unsecured debt ratings, equal to (i) the SOFR rate plus a 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus an applicable margin (0.95 at December 31, 2022) or (ii) the alternative base rate plus an applicable margin (0.0 at December 31, 2022). The applicable margins vary depending on the Company s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch (or their respective successors). In August 2022, the Company swapped the portion of the Term Loan's interest rate calculated by reference to the variable SOFR rate to a fixed rate of 2.75 per annum. The Term Loan matures in June 2027. The Company may increase the principal amount of the Term Loan in the future to up to 800 million in the aggregate provided that existing or new lenders are identified to provide additional loan commitments subject to other customary conditions precedent. The Term Loan also features a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable interest rate margin can be adjusted by one to two basis points if the Company meets certain sustainability performance targets. The covenants governing the Term Loan are substantially identical to those governing the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility, the Term Loan and the indentures under which the Company s senior and subordinated unsecured indebtedness is, or may be, issued contain certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, leverage ratios and debt service coverage and fixed-charge coverage ratios, as well as limitations on the Company s ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets and engage in certain mergers and acquisitions. The Revolving Credit Facility, the Term Loan and the indentures also contain customary default provisions including the failure to make timely payments of principal and interest payable thereunder, the failure to comply with the Company s financial and operating covenants and the failure of the Company or its majority-owned subsidiaries (i.e., entities in which the Company has a greater than 50 interest) to pay, when due, certain indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds beyond applicable grace and cure periods. In the event the Company s lenders or note holders declare a default, as defined in the applicable agreements governing the debt, the Company may be unable to obtain further funding, and/or an acceleration of any outstanding borrowings may occur. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants in the agreements governing its debt. Although the Company believes it will continue to operate in compliance with these covenants, if the Company were to violate these covenants, the Company may be subject to higher finance costs and fees or accelerated maturities. 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 
 As discussed above, the Company is committed to maintaining prudent leverage levels and may utilize proceeds from equity offerings or the sale of properties or other investments to repay additional debt. These sources of funds could be affected by various risks and uncertainties. No assurance can be provided that the Company s debt obligations will be refinanced or repaid as currently anticipated. See Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The Company continually evaluates its debt maturities and, based on management s assessment, believes it has viable financing and refinancing alternatives. The Company has sought to manage its debt maturities through executing a strategy to extend debt duration, increase liquidity, maintain prudent leverage levels and improve the Company s credit profile with a focus of lowering the Company s balance sheet risk and cost of capital. 
 Unconsolidated Joint Ventures Mortgage Indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 
 The Company s unconsolidated joint ventures had aggregate outstanding indebtedness to third parties of 538.0 million and 876.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such mortgages are generally non-recourse to the Company and its partners; however, certain mortgages may have recourse to the Company and its partners in certain limited situations, such as misappropriation of funds, impermissible transfer, environmental contamination and material misrepresentation. The outstanding indebtedness of the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures at December 31, 2022, which matures in the subsequent 14-month period (i.e., through February 2024), is 110.6 million 22.1 million at the Company s share). All of this amount is attributable to the DDRM Joint Venture, and the Company expects the joint venture to repay the indebtedness with proceeds from asset sales or to exercise the option to extend the loan's maturity date by one year. 
 No assurance can be provided that these obligations will be refinanced or repaid as currently anticipated. Similar to SITE Centers, the Company s joint ventures experienced a reduction in rent collections, beginning in the second quarter of 2020, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The collection rates improved throughout 2021, and collection rates in 2022 were generally consistent with pre-pandemic levels. However, any future deterioration in property-level revenues may cause one or more of these joint ventures to be unable to refinance maturing obligations or satisfy applicable covenants, financial tests or debt service requirements or loan maturity extension conditions in the future, thereby allowing the mortgage lender to assume control of property cash flows, limit distributions of cash to joint venture members, declare a default, increase the interest rate or accelerate the loan s maturity. In addition, rising interest rates may adversely impact the ability of the Company's joint ventures to sell assets at attractive prices in order to repay indebtedness. 
 Cash Flow Activity 
 The Company s cash flow activities are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flow provided by operating activities 
 
 257,262 

282,515 

Cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities 
 
 (167,559) 

74,451 

Cash flow used for financing activities 
 
 (111,741) 

(388,127) 

Changes in cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year are as follows: 
 Operating Activities: Cash provided by operating activities decreased 25.3 million primarily due to the following: 
 Decrease in cash collected from tenants in 2022 related to prior periods primarily from cash-basis tenants; 

Decrease in fees earned from joint ventures and managed properties and 

Increase in income from acquired properties. 

. 
 Investing Activities: Cash (used for) provided by investing activities increased 242.0 million primarily due to the following: 
 Increase in real estate assets acquired, developed and improved of 242.8 million; 

Decrease in distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures net of advance payments of 25.0 million; 

2021 distribution by RVI of 190.0 million on account of the Company's preferred investment in RVI and 

Increase in proceeds from disposition of real estate and disposition of joint venture interests of 211.4 million. 

43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Financing Activities: Cash used for financing activities decreased 276.4 million primarily due to the following: 
 Increase in proceeds from the Term Loan of 100.0 million; 

Decrease in Revolving Credit Facility and mortgage debt repayments of 279.1 million; 

Increase in dividends paid of 20.5 million; 

Increase of stock repurchase of 42.3 million and 

Decrease in net proceeds from common share offerings net of preferred stock redemption of 38.1 million. 

Dividend Distribution 
 The Company satisfied its REIT requirement of distributing at least 90 of ordinary taxable income with declared common and preferred share cash dividends of 122.3 million in 2022, as compared to 113.0 million of cash dividends paid in 2021. Because actual distributions were greater than 100 of taxable income, federal income taxes were not incurred by the Company in 2022. 
 The Company declared cash dividends of 0.52 per common share in 2022. In February 2023, the Company declared its first quarter 2023 dividend of 0.13 per common share payable on April 6, 2023, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2023. The Board of Directors of the Company intends to monitor the Company s dividend policy in order to maintain sufficient liquidity for operations and in order to maximize the Company s free cash flow while still adhering to REIT payout requirements. 
 SITE Centers Equity 
 In the first and second quarters of 2022, the Company settled 2.4 million common shares, which were offered and sold on a forward basis under its 250 million continuous equity program, resulting in gross proceeds of 38.3 million or 15.79 per share. At February 15, 2023, the Company had approximately 211.7 million available for the future offering of common shares under this program. 
 In November 2018, the Company s Board of Directors announced a common share repurchase program. Under the terms of the program, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to a maximum value of 100 million of its common shares, which authority was fully utilized as of December 20, 2022. In 2022, the Company repurchased 3.2 million of its common shares in open market transactions under this program at an aggregate cost of 42.3 million, or 13.04 per share. 
 On December 20, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new common share repurchase program. Under the terms of the new program, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to a maximum value of 100 million of its common shares. In late December 2022, the Company repurchased 0.5 million of its common shares in open market transactions at an aggregate cost of 6.6 million, or 13.47 per share under this program which settled in January 2023. The Company did not make any additional purchases of its common shares under this program in January 2023. 
 SOURCES AND USES OF CAPITAL 
 The Company remains committed to maintaining sufficient liquidity, managing debt duration and maintaining prudent leverage levels in an effort to manage its overall risk profile. Equity offerings, debt financings, asset sales and cash flow from operations continue to represent potential sources of proceeds to be used to achieve these objectives. 
 2023 Transaction Activity 
 From January 1, 2023 to February 15, 2023, the Company acquired two convenience shopping centers for an aggregate price of 26.1 million, including Parker Keystone (Parker, Colorado) and Foxtail Center (Timonium, Maryland). 
 2022 Transaction Activity 
 Acquisitions 
 The Company remains committed to taking advantage of its financial position, low debt levels, retained cash flows from operations, proceeds from the sale of joint venture investments and lower growth properties and elevated cash resources to prudently grow its portfolio of assets in wealthy suburban communities. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 During 2022, the Company acquired the following assets for an aggregate purchase price of 342.4 million: 
 Chandler Center (Chandler, Arizona) 

Shops at Power and Baseline (Mesa, Arizona) 

Artesia Village and Northsight Plaza (both in Scottsdale, Arizona) 

Broadway Center (Tempe, Arizona) 

La Fiesta Square and Lafayette Mercantile (both in Lafayette, California) 

Shops on Montview (Denver, Colorado) 

Shops at Boca Center (Boca Raton, Florida) 

Casselberry Commons (Casselberry, Florida) acquired its joint venture partner's 80 equity interest 

Shoppes of Crabapple (Alpharetta, Georgia) 

Parkwood Shops (Atlanta, Georgia) 

Shops at Tanglewood (Houston, Texas) 

Boulevard at Marketplace, Fairfax Marketplace and Fairfax Pointe (Fairfax, Virginia) 

Much of the Company s acquisition activity in 2022 focused on unanchored, convenience retail properties located in the Southwest and Southeast that benefit from strong population migration and employment growth trends. These properties typically do not include traditional big box anchor tenants and are comprised of smaller, more liquid store units that appeal to a broad range of tenants and have shorter lease durations. The Company believes that these acquisitions offer enhanced prospects for property-level revenue growth through rent increases and limited capital expenditure requirements. 
 Dispositions of Assets and Joint Venture Investments 
 During 2022, the Company sold five wholly-owned shopping centers and land parcels at wholly-owned shopping centers in addition to three unconsolidated shopping centers generating proceeds totaling 265.2 million, of which the Company s share was 223.9 million. In addition, the DDRM Joint Venture sold 13 shopping centers for an aggregate sales price of 387.6 million 77.5 million at the Company's share) with the related mortgage debt of 225.0 million repaid upon closing. 
 The Company sold its 20 interest in the SAU Joint Venture to its partner, the State of Utah, based on a gross asset value of 155.7 million (at 100 ). In addition, the Company sold its 50 interest in Lennox Town Center to its partner based on a gross asset value of 77.0 million (at 100 ). These transactions resulted in a Gain of Sale on Interests of 42.2 million. 
 Changes in investment strategies for assets may impact the Company s hold-period assumptions for those properties. The disposition of certain assets could result in a loss or impairment recorded in future periods. The Company evaluates all potential sale opportunities taking into account the long-term growth prospects of the assets, the use of proceeds and the impact to the Company s balance sheet, in addition to the impact on operating results. 
 Equity Transactions 
 In the first and second quarters of 2022, the Company settled 2.4 million common shares which were offered and sold on a forward basis under its 250 million continuous equity program, resulting in gross proceeds of 38.3 million, or 15.79 per share. In the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company repurchased 3.7 million of its common shares in open market transactions at an aggregate cost of 48.9 million, or 13.09 per share. 
 Redevelopment Opportunities 
 The Company selectively evaluates its portfolio for tactical redevelopment opportunities in order to make the most efficient use of the underlying real estate. The Company will generally commence construction on redevelopment projects only after substantial tenant leasing has occurred. At December 31, 2022, the Company anticipates that it has approximately 23 million to be incurred on its pipeline of identified redevelopment projects. 
 Redevelopment Projects 
 As part of its strategy to expand, improve and re-tenant various properties, at December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 56 million in construction in progress in various active consolidated redevelopment and other projects on a net basis. The Company s major redevelopment projects are typically substantially complete within two years of the construction commencement date. Redevelopment projects placed into service in 2022 were completed at a cost of approximately 322 per square 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 foot. At December 31, 2022, the Company s large-scale shopping center expansion and repurposing projects were as follows (in thousands): 

Location 
 
 Estimated Stabilized Quarter 
 
 Estimated Gross Cost 

Cost Incurred at December 31, 2022 

West Bay Plaza - Phase II (Cleveland, Ohio) 
 
 4Q23 

9,102 

6,651 

Perimeter Pointe (Atlanta, Georgia) 
 
 TBD 
 
 N/A 

1,384 

Total 

9,102 

8,035 

At December 31, 2022, the Company s tactical redevelopment projects, including outparcels, first generation space and small-scale shopping center expansions and other capital improvements, were as follows (in thousands): 

Location 
 
 Estimated Stabilized Quarter 
 
 Estimated Gross Cost 

Cost Incurred at December 31, 2022 

Tanasbourne Town Center (Portland, Oregon) 
 
 2Q25 

13,769 

1,759 

Nassau Park Pavilion (Trenton, New Jersey) 
 
 4Q23 

7,635 

3,388 

University Hills (Denver, Colorado) 
 
 4Q23 

5,972 

4,477 

Shoppers World (Boston, Massachusetts) 
 
 4Q23 

4,967 

4,263 

Carolina Pavilion (Charlotte, North Carolina) 
 
 4Q23 

2,339 

2,031 

Shoppers World (Boston, Massachusetts) 
 
 1Q24 

1,884 

382 

Total 

36,566 

16,300 

2021 Transaction Activity 
 Acquisitions 
 During 2021, the Company purchased four shopping centers (one each in Delray Beach, Florida and Atlanta, Georgia and two in Charlottesville, Virginia), one income producing parcel adjacent to Nassau Park Pavilion (Princeton, New Jersey) and one land parcel adjacent to Belgate Shopping Center (Charlotte, North Carolina) for an aggregate purchase price of 100.5 million. The Company also acquired its partner s 33 interest in a consolidated joint venture that owned Paradise Village Gateway (Phoenix, Arizona) for 15.1 million 45.8 million at 100 ), with the 27.6 million mortgage debt repaid at closing. 
 In December 2021, the Company acquired the equity interest in six assets owned by the DDRM Joint Venture (Village Square at Golf, Boynton Beach, Florida; Shoppes at Paradise Point, Fort Walton Beach, Florida; Midway Plaza, Tamarac, Florida; North Point Plaza, Tampa, Florida; The Shoppes at New Tampa, Wesley Chapel, Florida and Paradise Shoppes of Ellenwood, Ellenwood, Georgia) for 107.2 million 134.0 million at 100 ), with 73.9 million of mortgage debt related to the properties repaid at closing. The transaction resulted in a Gain on Change in Control of Interests of 7.2 million. 
 Proceeds from Transactional Activity 
 One of the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures sold its sole asset, which was a parcel of undeveloped land (approximating 70 acres) in Richmond Hill, Ontario. The Company s share of net proceeds totaled 22.1 million, after accounting for customary closing costs and foreign currency translation but before income tax. The net proceeds included 6.1 million held in escrow, of which 2.1 million was released to the Company in 2022 after the receipt of certain tax clearance certificates from the Canadian taxing authorities, and the remaining 4.0 million is considered contingent and should be released upon finalization of the tax returns and dissolution of the partnership. The Company recorded an aggregate gain on the transaction of 14.9 million, which included its 2.8 million share of the gain reported by the joint venture, as well as 12.1 million related to the Company s promoted interest on the disposition of the investment net of the write-off of the accumulated foreign currency translation and contingent estimated income taxes. Subsequent to the transaction, the Company has no other investments outside the United States. 
 The Company sold six unconsolidated shopping centers, aggregating 1.0 million square feet, several wholly-owned land parcels, and the Hobby Lobby parcel of a shopping center. These sales collectively generated proceeds totaling 166.6 million, of which the Company s proportionate share of the proceeds was 96.5 million. The Company s pro rata share of proceeds is before giving effect to the repayment of indebtedness and transaction costs. 
 The Company received a cash distribution of 190.0 million on account of its preferred equity investment in RVI, which represented the full amount to be paid by RVI on account of the Company s preferred investment. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Equity Transactions 
 The Company issued and sold 17.25 million common shares resulting in net proceeds of 225.3 million. 
 Redevelopment Projects 
 The Company invested approximately 57 million in various consolidated active redevelopment and other projects during 2021. 
 CAPITALIZATION 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s capitalization consisted of 1.7 billion of debt, 175.0 million of preferred shares and 2.9 billion of market equity (calculated as the sum of common shares and OP Units outstanding multiplied by 13.66, the closing price of the Company s common shares on the New York Stock Exchange at December 30, 2022, the last trading day of 2022). At December 31, 2022, after giving effect to the swap of the variable-rate component of the Term Loan s interest rate to a fixed rate, the Company s total debt consisted of all fixed-rate debt. 
 Management s strategy is to maintain access to the capital resources necessary to manage the Company s balance sheet and to repay upcoming maturities. Accordingly, the Company may seek to obtain funds through additional debt or equity financings and/or joint venture capital in a manner consistent with its intention to operate with a prudent debt capitalization policy and to reduce the Company s cost of capital by maintaining an investment grade rating with Moody s, S P and Fitch. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, as it may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. The Company may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, which may negatively affect future ratings. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan and the indentures under which the Company s senior and subordinated unsecured indebtedness is, or may be, issued contain certain financial and operating covenants, including, among other things, debt service coverage and fixed-charge coverage ratios, as well as limitations on the Company s ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, engage in certain mergers and acquisitions and make distribution to its shareholders. Although the Company intends to operate in compliance with these covenants, if the Company were to violate these covenants, the Company may be subject to higher finance costs and fees or accelerated maturities. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan and the Company s indentures permit the acceleration of maturity in the event certain other debt of the Company is in default or has been accelerated. Foreclosure on mortgaged properties or an inability to refinance existing indebtedness would have a negative impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS 
 The Company has 87.2 million of aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing in 2023. The Company expects to fund future maturities from utilization of its Revolving Credit Facility, proceeds from asset sales and other investments, cash flow from operations and/or additional debt or equity financings. No assurance can be provided that these obligations will be repaid as currently anticipated or refinanced. 
 
 Other Guarantees 
 In conjunction with the redevelopment of various shopping centers, the Company had entered into commitments with general contractors aggregating approximately 24.4 million for its consolidated properties and 4.2 million for its unconsolidated properties as of December 31, 2022. These obligations, composed principally of construction contracts, are generally due within 12 to 24 months, as the related construction costs are incurred, and are expected to be financed through operating cash flow, asset sales or borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. These contracts typically can be changed or terminated without penalty. 
 The Company routinely enters into contracts for the maintenance of its properties. These contracts typically can be canceled upon 30 to 60 days notice without penalty. At December 31, 2022, the Company had purchase order obligations, typically payable within one year, aggregating approximately 4.9 million related to the maintenance of its properties and general and administrative expenses. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had letters of credit outstanding of 12.9 million. The Company has not recorded any obligations associated with these letters of credit, the majority of which serve as collateral to secure the Company's obligation to third-party insurers with respect to limited reinsurance provided by the Company's captive insurance company. 
 The Company has entered into employment contracts with its four executive officers. These contracts generally provide for base salary, bonuses based on factors including the financial performance of the Company and personal performance, participation in the Company s equity plans and retirement plans, health and welfare benefits and reimbursement of various qualified business 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 expenses. These employment agreements also provide for certain perquisites (e.g., health insurance coverage, car service, reimbursement of life and disability insurance premiums, etc.) and severance payments and benefits for various departure scenarios. The employment agreement for the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer extends through September 2024. The employment agreements for the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Accounting Officer extend through February 2024, May 2024 and September 2024, respectively. All of the agreements are subject to termination by either the Company or the executive without cause upon at least 90 days notice subject to the payment of severance and other amounts to the executive under certain circumstances. 
 ECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
 Despite growing economic uncertainty, the Company continues to witness retailer demand for quality real estate locations within well-positioned shopping centers. During 2022, the Company executed new leases and renewals aggregating approximately 4.3 million square feet of space on a pro rata basis, which represented the Company s highest annual leasing volume in the past five years despite a decrease in the GLA of the Company s portfolio over that period of time. The Company believes these strong leasing results and tenant demand are attributable to the concentration of the Company s portfolio in suburban, high household income communities, pandemic-induced work-from-home trends and tenants increasing use of physical store locations to improve the speed and efficiency of merchandise distribution. 
 The Company benefits from a diversified tenant base, with only one tenant whose annualized rental revenue equals or exceeds 3 of the Company s annualized consolidated revenues plus the Company s proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture revenues (TJX Companies at 5.9 ). Other significant national tenants generally have relatively strong financial positions, have outperformed other retail categories over time and the Company believes remain well-capitalized. Historically, these national tenants have provided a stable revenue base, and the Company believes they will continue to provide a stable revenue base going forward, given the long-term nature of these leases. The majority of the tenants in the Company s shopping centers provide day-to-day consumer necessities with a focus on value and convenience, versus discretionary items, which the Company believes will enable many of its tenants to outperform under a variety of economic conditions. The Company recognizes the risks posed by current economic conditions but believes the position of its portfolio and the general diversity and credit quality of its tenant base should enable it to successfully navigate through a potentially challenging economic environment. The Company has relatively little reliance on overage or percentage rents generated by tenant sales performance. 
 The Company believes that its shopping center portfolio is well positioned, as evidenced by its recent leasing activity, historical property income growth and consistent growth in average annualized base rent per occupied square foot. Historical occupancy has generally ranged from 89 to 96 since the Company s initial public offering in 1993. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the shopping center portfolio occupancy, on a pro rata basis, was 92.4 and 90.0 , respectively, and the total portfolio average annualized base rent per occupied square foot, on a pro rata basis, was 19.52 and 18.33, respectively. The Company s portfolio was impacted by tenant bankruptcies and closures in 2020, primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the Company expects to expend significant amounts of capital in coming periods in connection with recently executed leases to backfill these closures. Although the per square foot cost of leasing capital expenditures has been predominantly consistent with the Company s historical trends, the high volume of the Company s recent leasing activity will cause aggregate leasing capital expenditure levels to remain elevated. The weighted-average cost of tenant improvements and lease commissions estimated to be incurred over the expected lease term for new leases executed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, on a pro rata basis, was 7.42 and 8.34 per rentable square foot, respectively. The Company generally does not expend a significant amount of capital on lease renewals. 
 Beginning in March 2020, the retail sector was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Though the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on tenant operations varied by tenant category, local conditions and applicable government mandates, a significant number of the Company s tenants experienced a reduction in sales and foot traffic, and many tenants were forced to limit their operations or close their businesses for a period of time. The Company worked with tenants to maximize the collection of unpaid 2020 rents by offering rent deferment on a case-by-case basis often in exchange for concessions in the form of tenant extensions of lease terms, the relaxation of leasing restrictions and co-tenancy provisions and, in some cases, alterations of control areas allowing for future redevelopment of the shopping center. The Company s collection rates showed significant improvements in 2021 and collection rates in 2022 were generally consistent with pre-pandemic levels. As of December 31, 2022, the COVID-19 related rent deferral arrangements for tenants that are not accounted for on the cash basis have been repaid. Any new surges in contagion or new COVID-19 variants could adversely impact the Company s ability to lease space and collect rents. Certain tenant categories remain especially vulnerable to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including movie theaters, fitness centers and restaurants that rely on in-person dining, activities and entertainment. For additional risks relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Although disruptions in rent collections stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic have subsided, inflation, rising interest rates, reduced consumer spending, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and global capital markets volatility pose increasing risks to the Company s tenants and the U.S. economy. In addition to these macroeconomic challenges, the retail sector has been affected by 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 changing consumer behaviors following the COVID-19 pandemic, increases in consumer internet purchases, the competitive nature of the retail business and the competition for market share. The Company routinely monitors the credit profiles of its tenants and analyzes their possible impact of any potential tenant credit issues on the financial statements of the Company and its unconsolidated joint ventures. In some cases, changing conditions have resulted in weaker retailers and retail categories losing market share and declaring bankruptcy and/or closing stores. However, other retailers, specifically those in the value and convenience category, continue to express interest in launching new concepts and expanding their store fleets within the suburban, high household income communities in which the Company s properties are located. As a result, the Company believes that its prospects to backfill any spaces vacated by bankrupt or non-renewing tenants are generally good, though such re-tenanting efforts would likely require additional capital expenditures and the opportunities to lease any vacant theater spaces may be more limited. However, there can be no assurance that vacancy resulting from increasingly uncertain economic conditions will not adversely affect the Company's operating results (see Item 1A. Risk Factors). 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 MD A should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in the Company s consolidated financial statements, including trends that might appear, should not be taken as indicative of future operations. The Company considers portions of this information to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, both as amended, with respect to the Company s expectations for future periods. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements related to acquisitions (including any related pro forma financial information) and other business development activities, future capital expenditures, financing sources and availability and the effects of environmental and other regulations. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its expectations will be achieved. For this purpose, any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact should be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words will, believes, anticipates, plans, expects, seeks, estimates and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Readers should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on forward-looking statements because such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond the Company s control and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements and that could materially affect the Company s actual results, performance or achievements. For additional factors that could cause the results of the Company to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements (see Item 1A. Risk Factors). 
 Factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 The Company is subject to general risks affecting the real estate industry, including the need to enter into new leases or renew leases on favorable terms to generate rental revenues, and any economic downturn may adversely affect the ability of the Company s tenants, or new tenants, to enter into new leases or the ability of the Company s existing tenants to renew their leases at rates at least as favorable as their current rates; 

The Company could be adversely affected by changes in the local markets where its properties are located, as well as by adverse changes in national economic and market conditions; 

The Company may fail to anticipate the effects on its properties of changes in consumer buying practices, including sales over the internet and the resulting retailing practices and space needs of its tenants, or a general downturn in its tenants businesses, which may cause tenants to close stores or default in payment of rent; 

The Company is subject to competition for tenants from other owners of retail properties, and its tenants are subject to competition from other retailers and methods of distribution. The Company is dependent upon the successful operations and financial condition of its tenants, in particular its major tenants, and could be adversely affected by the bankruptcy of those tenants; 

The Company leases a substantial portion of its square footage to large tenants, which makes it vulnerable to changes in the business and financial condition of, or demand for its space by, such tenants; 

The Company may not realize the intended benefits of acquisition or merger transactions. The acquired assets may not perform as well as the Company anticipated, or the Company may not successfully integrate the assets and realize improvements in occupancy and operating results. The acquisition of certain assets may subject the Company to liabilities, including environmental liabilities; 

49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company may fail to identify, acquire, construct or develop additional properties that produce a desired yield on invested capital, or may fail to effectively integrate acquisitions of properties or portfolios of properties. In addition, the Company may be limited in its acquisition opportunities due to competition, the inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms or any financing at all and other factors; 

The Company may fail to dispose of properties on favorable terms, especially in regions experiencing deteriorating economic conditions. In addition, real estate investments can be illiquid, particularly as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of financing or difficulties obtaining financing due to local or global conditions, and could limit the Company s ability to promptly make changes to its portfolio to respond to economic and other conditions; 

The Company may abandon a development or redevelopment opportunity after expending resources if it determines that the opportunity is not feasible due to a variety of factors, including a lack of availability of construction financing on reasonable terms, the impact of the economic environment on prospective tenants ability to enter into new leases, or pay contractual rent, or the inability of the Company to obtain all necessary zoning and other required governmental permits and authorizations; 

The Company may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule as a result of various factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control, such as weather, labor conditions, governmental approvals, material shortages or general economic downturn, resulting in limited availability of capital, increased debt service expense and construction costs and decreases in revenue; 

The Company s financial condition may be affected by required debt service payments, the risk of default, restrictions on its ability to incur additional debt or to enter into certain transactions under its Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan and other documents governing its debt obligations and the risk of downgrades from debt rating services. In addition, the Company may encounter difficulties in obtaining permanent financing or refinancing existing debt. Borrowings under the Company s Revolving Credit Facility are subject to certain representations and warranties and no default or event of default existing thereunder; 

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the market price of the Company s common shares, its ability to sell properties and prices realized and its performance and cash flow; 

Debt and/or equity financing necessary for the Company to continue to grow and operate its business may not be available or may not be available on favorable terms; 

Disruptions in the financial markets could affect the Company s ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on the Company and the market price of the Company s common shares; 

Inflationary pressures could result in reductions in retailer profitability, consumer discretionary spending and tenant demand to lease space. Inflation could also increase the costs incurred by the Company to operate its properties and finance its operations and could adversely impact the valuation of its properties, all of which could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Company s common shares; 

The Company is subject to complex regulations related to its status as a REIT and would be adversely affected if it failed to qualify as a REIT; 

The Company must make distributions to shareholders to continue to qualify as a REIT, and if the Company must borrow funds to make distributions, those borrowings may not be available on favorable terms or at all; 

Joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present for investments made solely by the Company, including the possibility that a partner or co-venturer may become bankrupt, may at any time have interests or goals different from those of the Company and may take action contrary to the Company s instructions, requests, policies or objectives, including the Company s policy with respect to maintaining its qualification as a REIT. In addition, a partner or co-venturer may not have access to sufficient capital to satisfy its funding obligations to the joint venture or may seek to terminate the joint venture, resulting in a loss to the Company of property revenues and management fees. The partner could cause a default under the joint venture loan for reasons outside the Company s control. Furthermore, the Company could be required to reduce the carrying value of its equity investments if a loss in the carrying value of the investment is realized; 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s decision to dispose of real estate assets, including undeveloped land and construction in progress, would change the holding period assumption in the undiscounted cash flow impairment analyses, which could result in material impairment losses and adversely affect the Company s financial results; 

The outcome of pending or future litigation, including litigation with tenants or joint venture partners, may adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition; 

Property damage, expenses related thereto and other business and economic consequences (including the potential loss of revenue) resulting from extreme weather conditions or natural disasters in locations where the Company owns properties may adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition; 

Sufficiency and timing of any insurance recovery payments related to damages and lost revenues from extreme weather conditions or natural disasters may adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition; 

The Company and its tenants could be negatively affected by the impacts of pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and other public health crises; 

The Company is subject to potential environmental liabilities; 

The Company may incur losses that are uninsured or exceed policy coverage due to its liability for certain injuries to persons, property or the environment occurring on its properties; 

The Company could be subject to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputation harm and other adverse effects on the Company s business due to stakeholders , including regulators , views regarding the Company s environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives, and the impact of factors outside of our control on such goals and initiatives; 

The Company could incur additional expenses to comply with or respond to claims under the Americans with Disabilities Act or otherwise be adversely affected by changes in government regulations, including changes in environmental, zoning, tax and other regulations; 

Changes in accounting standards or other standards may adversely affect the Company s business; 

The Company s Board of Directors, which regularly reviews the Company s business strategy and objectives, may change the Company s strategic plan based on a variety of factors and conditions, including in response to changing market conditions and 

The Company and its vendors could sustain a disruption, failure or breach of their respective networks and systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, which could disrupt the Company s business operations, compromise the confidentiality of sensitive information and result in fines or penalties. 

I tem 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company s primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk. At December 31, 2022, the Company s debt, excluding unconsolidated joint venture debt and adjusted to reflect the swap of the variable-rate (SOFR) component of the Company's 200.0 million Term Loan to a fixed rate of 2.75 , is summarized as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amount (Millions) 

Weighted- Average Maturity (Years) 

Weighted- Average Interest Rate 

Percentage of Total 

Amount (Millions) 

Weighted- Average Maturity (Years) 

Weighted- Average Interest Rate 

Percentage of Total 

Fixed-Rate Debt 
 
 1,707.0 

3.1 

4.1 

100.0 

1,577.6 

3.8 

4.1 

94.1 

Variable-Rate Debt 

0.0 

99.8 

1.1 

1.1 

5.9 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s unconsolidated joint ventures indebtedness at its carrying value is summarized as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Joint Venture Debt (Millions) 

Company's Proportionate Share (Millions) 

Weighted- Average Maturity (Years) 

Weighted- Average Interest Rate 

Joint Venture Debt (Millions) 

Company's Proportionate Share (Millions) 

Weighted- Average Maturity (Years) 

Weighted- Average Interest Rate 

Fixed-Rate Debt 
 
 363.5 

72.7 

1.3 

4.8 

673.9 

146.2 

2.4 

4.2 

Variable-Rate Debt 
 
 171.6 

37.9 

1.1 

5.4 

199.4 

43.5 

1.4 

2.2 

The Company intends to use retained cash flow, proceeds from asset sales, equity and debt financing and variable-rate indebtedness available under its Revolving Credit Facility to repay indebtedness and fund capital expenditures at the Company s shopping centers. Thus, to the extent the Company incurs additional variable-rate indebtedness or needs to refinance existing fixed-rate indebtedness in a rising interest rate environment, its exposure to increases in interest rates in an inflationary period could increase. The Company does not believe, however, that increases in interest expense will significantly impact the Company s distributable cash flow given the Company s outstanding debt maturity profile. 
 The interest rate risk on a portion of the Company s variable-rate debt has been mitigated through the use of an interest rate swap agreement with major financial institutions. At December 31, 2022, the variable (SOFR) interest rate component on 200.0 million of the Company s consolidated debt was swapped to a fixed rate. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the swaps. The Company believes it mitigates its credit risk by entering into swaps with major financial institutions. 
 The carrying value of the Company s fixed-rate debt is adjusted to include the 200.0 million of variable-rate debt that was swapped to a fixed rate at December 31, 2022. An estimate of the effect of a 100 basis-point increase at December 31, 2022 and 2021, is summarized as follows (in millions): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

100 Basis-Point Increase in Market Interest Rate 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

100 Basis-Point Increase in Market Interest Rate 

Company's fixed-rate debt 
 
 1,707.0 

1,622.2 
 
 (A) 

1,577.7 
 
 (B) 

1,577.6 

1,687.5 

1,630.3 

Company's proportionate share of joint venture fixed-rate debt 
 
 72.7 

70.5 

69.6 

146.2 

149.7 

146.8 

(A) Includes the fair value of the swap, which was an asset of 8.2 million at December 31, 2022. 
 (B) Includes the fair value of the swap, which was an asset of 15.6 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The sensitivity to changes in interest rates of the Company s fixed-rate debt was determined using a valuation model based upon factors that measure the net present value of such obligations that arise from the hypothetical estimate as discussed above. A 100 basis-point increase in short-term market interest rates on variable-rate debt at December 31, 2022, would not result in any change in interest expense for the Company or its joint ventures. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any outstanding consolidated variable-rate debt and all of the variable-rate debt outstanding at the unconsolidated joint ventures is subject to hedging agreements. The estimated increase in interest expense for the year does not give effect to possible changes in the daily balance of the Company s or joint ventures outstanding variable-rate debt. 
 The Company and its joint ventures intend to continually monitor and actively manage interest costs on their variable-rate debt portfolio and may enter into swap positions based on market fluctuations. In addition, the Company believes it has the ability to obtain funds through additional equity and/or debt offerings and joint venture capital. Accordingly, the cost of obtaining such protection agreements versus the Company s access to capital markets will continue to be evaluated. The Company has not entered, and does not plan to enter, into any derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no other material exposure to market risk. 
 I tem 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The response to this item is included in a separate section at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 I tem 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 I tem 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), conducted an evaluation, pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation as required, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) were effective as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and were effective as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on those criteria, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm as stated in their report which appears herein and is incorporated in this Item 9A. by reference thereto. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 I tem 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 Ite m 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 P ART III 
 I tem 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Company s Board of Directors has adopted the following corporate governance documents: 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines that guide the Board of Directors in the performance of its responsibilities to serve the best interests of the Company and its shareholders; 

Written charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and ESG Committee; 

Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to the Company s senior financial officers, including the president, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, controllers, treasurer and chief internal auditor among others designated by the Company, if any (amendments to, or waivers from, the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers will be disclosed on the Company s website) and 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs the actions and working relationships of the Company s employees, officers and directors with current and potential customers, consumers, fellow employees, competitors, government and self-regulatory agencies, investors, the public, the media and anyone else with whom the Company has or may have contact. 

Copies of the Company s corporate governance documents are available on the Company s website, www.sitecenters.com, under Investor Relations Corporate Governance. 
 Certain other information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the headings Proposal One: Election of Eight Directors Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting and Board Governance contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A 2023 Proxy Statement ), and the information under the heading Information About the Company s Executive Officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 I tem 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the headings Board Governance Compensation of Directors, Executive Compensation Tables and Related Disclosure, Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Proposal Two: Approval, on an Advisory Basis, of the Compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers Compensation Committee Report and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 I tem 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Certain information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Board Governance Security Ownership of Directors and Management and Corporate Governance and Other Matters Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement. The following table sets forth the number of securities issued and outstanding under the Company s existing stock compensation plans, as of December 31, 2022, as well as the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan category 
 
 Number of Securities to Be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

2,350,364 
 
 (2) 

27.31 
 
 (3) 
 
 2,809,128 
 
 (4) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

2,350,364 

27.31 

2,809,128 

(1) Includes the Company s 2012 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan and 2019 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan. 

(2) Includes 226,014 stock options outstanding, 752,779 restricted stock units that are expected to be settled in shares upon vesting and 1,371,571 performance awards assuming maximum payout (as a result, this aggregate reported number may overstate actual dilution). 

(3) Restricted stock units and performance awards are not taken into account in the weighted-average exercise price as such awards have no exercise price. 

(4) All of these shares may be issued with respect to award vehicles other than just stock options or share appreciation rights or other rights to acquire shares. 

I tem 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proposal One: Election of Eight Directors Transactions with the Otto Family and Proposal One: Election of Eight Directors Independent Directors and Corporate Governance and Other Matters Policy Regarding Related-Party Transactions sections of the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 I tem 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Proposal Four: Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees Paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP section of the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 P ART IV 
 I tem 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 a) 1. Financial Statements 

The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following financial statement schedules are filed herewith as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the registrant: 
 Schedule 
 II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not applicable or because the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 Financial statements of the Company s unconsolidated joint venture companies have been omitted because they do not meet the significant subsidiary definition of Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 
 
 Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this report: 

Form 10-K Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed or Furnished Herewith or Incorporated Herein by Reference 

2.1 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between DDR Corp. and Retail Value Inc. 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on July 3, 2018; File No. 001-11690) 

3.1 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on November 2, 2018; File No. 001-11690) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Code of Regulations 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on November 2, 2018; File No. 001-11690) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate for Common Shares 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed with the SEC on February 28, 2012; File No. 001-11690) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Certificate for 6.375 Class A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares 
 
 Registration Statement on Form 8-A (Filed with the SEC on June 2, 2017; File No. 001-11690) 

4.3 
 
 Deposit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2017, among the Company, Computershare Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly as Depositary, and all holders from time to time of depositary shares 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on June 5, 2017; File No. 001-11690) 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1994, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York (as successor to JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., successor to Chemical Bank), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-3 Registration No. 333-108361 (Filed with the SEC on August 29, 2003) 

56 
 
 Table of Contents 

4.5 
 
 Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1994, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-3 Registration No. 333-108361 (Filed with the SEC on August 29, 2003) 

4.6 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 10, 1995, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-3 Registration No. 333-108361 (Filed with the SEC on August 29, 2003) 

4.7 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 18, 2003, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-3 Registration No. 333-108361 (Filed with the SEC on August 29, 2003) 

4.8 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 23, 2004, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-4 Registration No. 333-117034 (Filed with the SEC on June 30, 2004) 

4.9 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 22, 2004, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-4 Registration No. 333-117034 (Filed with the SEC on June 30, 2004) 

4.10 
 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2005, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed with the SEC on February 21, 2007; File No. 001-11690) 

4.11 
 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2005, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed with the SEC on February 21, 2007; File No. 001-11690) 

4.12 
 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 28, 2006, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on September 1, 2006; File No. 001-11690) 

4.13 
 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2007, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on March 16, 2007; File No. 001-11690) 

4.14 
 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2009, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National, Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-3 Registration No. 333-162451 (Filed on October 13, 2009) 

4.15 
 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2010, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National, Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on May 7, 2010; File No. 001-11690) 

4.16 
 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2010, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National, Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on November 8, 2010; File No. 001-11690) 

4.17 
 
 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2010, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National, Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed with the SEC on February 28, 2011; File No. 001-11690) 

57 
 
 Table of Contents 

4.18 
 
 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2011, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on May 9, 2011; File No. 001-11690) 

4.19 
 
 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 22, 2012, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Form S-3 Registration No. 333-184221 (Filed with the SEC on October 1, 2012) 

4.20 
 
 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 27, 2012, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013; File No. 001-11690) 

4.21 
 
 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 23, 2013, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on August 8, 2013; File No. 001-11690) 

4.22 
 
 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2013, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (successor to National City Bank)), as Trustee 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014; File No. 001-11690) 

4.23 
 
 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 22, 2015, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to National City Bank)) 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on January 22, 2015; File No. 001-11690) 

4.24 
 
 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2015, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to National City Bank)) 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on October 21, 2015; File No. 001-11690) 

4.25 
 
 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to National City Bank)) 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on May 26, 2017; File No. 001-11690) 

4.26 
 
 Twenty-first Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2017, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to National City Bank)) 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on August 16, 2017; File No. 001-11690) 

4.27 
 
 Twenty-second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 16, 2018, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to National City Bank)) 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018; File No. 001-11690) 

4.28 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2022, among SITE Centers Corp., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2022; File No. 001- 11690) 

4.29 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022; File No. 001-11690) 

10.1 
 
 2005 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (May 9, 2019 Restatement) 
 
 Quarterly Report on 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019; File No. 001-11690) 

10.2 
 
 Elective Deferred Compensation Plan (May 9, 2019 Restatement) 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019; File No. 001-11690) 

10.3 
 
 Adoption Agreement Elective Deferred Compensation Plan (May 9, 2019 Restatement) 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019; File No. 001-11690) 

58 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.4 
 
 2005 Equity Deferred Compensation Plan (May 9, 2019 Restatement) 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019; File No. 001-11690) 

10.5 
 
 2012 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 Form S-8 Registration No. 333-181422 (Filed with the SEC on May 15, 2012) 

10.6 
 
 2019 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 Form S-8 Registration No. 333-231319 (Filed with the SEC on May 9, 2019) 

10.7 
 
 Form of 2019 Plan Restricted Share Units Award Memorandum (governing grants made through February 2021) 
 
 Quarterly Report on 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019; File No. 001-11690) 

10.8 
 
 Form of 2019 Plan Restricted Share Units Award Memorandum (governing certain grants made in 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023) 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC October 30, 2020; File No. 001-11690) 

10.9 
 
 Form of 2019 Plan Performance-Based Restricted Share Units Award Memorandum (governing grants made in 2020) 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019; File No. 001-11690) 

10.10 
 
 Form of 2019 Plan Performance-Based Restricted Share Units Award Memorandum (governing grants made in 2021 and 2022) 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on April 29, 2021, File No. 001-11690) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC May 10, 2013; File No. 001-11690) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC May 10, 2013; File No. 001-11690) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Memorandum 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC May 4, 2016; File No. 001-11690) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2020, by and between DDR Corp. and David R. Lukes 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on September 15, 2020; File No. 001-11690) 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, by and between SITE Centers Corp. and Conor Fennerty 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021, File No. 001-11690) 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2021, by and between SITE Centers Corp. and Christa A. Vesy 
 
 Current Report on form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on September 13, 2021, File No. 001-11690) 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and between SITE Centers Corp. and John Cattonar 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021, File No. 001-11690) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on November 13, 2017; File No. 001-11690) 

10.19 
 
 Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2009, by and between the Company and Alexander Otto 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on May 11, 2009; File No. 001-11690) 

10.20 
 
 Waiver Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2009, by and between the Company and Alexander Otto 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (Filed with the SEC on May 11, 2009; File No. 001-11690) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of chief executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

32.2 
 
 Certification of chief financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

59 
 
 Table of Contents 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith 

Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 It em 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 60 

SITE Centers Corp. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial Statements: 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

Financial Statement Schedules: 

II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 F- 35 

III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation at December 31, 2022 
 F- 36 

IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate at December 31, 2022 
 F- 40 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Financial statements of the Company s unconsolidated joint venture companies have been omitted because they do not meet the significant subsidiary definition of S-X 210.1-02(w). 

F- 1 

Report of Independe nt Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of SITE Centers Corp. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SITE Centers Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Identification and Evaluation of Impairment Indicators for Real Estate Assets 
 As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying value of the Company s total net real estate assets was 3,780.3 million and net intangible assets was 27.9 million as of December 31, 2022. Management reviews its individual real estate assets, including undeveloped land and construction in progress, and intangibles for potential impairment indicators whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment indicators are primarily the result of a change in hold period or significant, prolonged decreases in projected cash flows. For assets with impairment indicators, management determines if the undiscounted future cash flows are sufficient to recover the asset s carrying value. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the identification and evaluation of impairment indicators for real estate assets is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management to identify and evaluate events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying value may not be recoverable, which led to a high degree of auditor judgment in evaluating audit evidence relating to management s identification and evaluation of impairment indicators. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s impairment process, including controls over the identification and evaluation of events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for identifying individual real estate assets with potential impairment indicators. Testing management s process included evaluating management s identification and evaluation of impairment indicators. 

/s/ 

February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1992. 
 F- 3 

CONSOLIDATE D BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Land 

Buildings 

Fixtures and tenant improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 
 () 

() 

Construction in progress and land 

Total real estate assets, net 

Investments in and advances to joint ventures, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other assets, net 

Liabilities and Equity 

Unsecured indebtedness: 

Senior notes, net 

Term loan, net 

Revolving credit facilities 

Mortgage indebtedness, net 

Total indebtedness 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Dividends payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

SITE Centers Equity 

Class A cumulative redeemable preferred shares, without par value, liquidation value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common shares, with par value, stated value; shares authorized; and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated distributions in excess of net income 
 
 () 

() 

Deferred compensation obligation 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Less: Common shares in treasury at cost: and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 () 

() 

Total SITE Centers shareholders' equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues from operations: 

Rental income 

Fee and other income 

Rental operation expenses: 

Operating and maintenance 

Real estate taxes 

Impairment charges 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income before earnings from equity method investments and other items 

Equity in net income of joint ventures 

Reserve of preferred equity interests, net 

() 

Gain on sale and change in control of interests, net 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 

Income before tax expense 

Tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiaries and state franchise and income taxes 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net income 

Income attributable to non-controlling interests, net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to SITE Centers 

Write-off of preferred share original issuance costs 

() 

Preferred dividends 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

Per share data: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation, net 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for foreign currency translation included in net income 

Change in cash flow hedges, net of amount reclassed to earnings 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income attributable to SITE Centers 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

SITE Centers Equity 

Common Shares 

Preferred Shares 

Shares 

Amounts 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Distributions in Excess of Net Income 

Deferred Compensation Obligation 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Treasury Stock at Cost 

Non- Controlling Interests 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares related to stock plans 

() 

Repurchase of common shares 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation, net 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Dividends declared- common shares 

() 

() 

Dividends declared- preferred shares 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares related to stock plans 

Issuance of common shares for cash offering 

Redemption of preferred shares 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation, net 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Acquisition of non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Dividends declared- common shares 

() 

() 

Dividends declared- preferred shares 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares related to stock plans 

Issuance of common shares for cash offering 

Repurchase of common shares 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation, net 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Acquisition of non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Dividends declared- common shares 

() 

() 

Dividends declared- preferred shares 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 7 

C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization and write-off of debt issuance costs and fair market value of debt adjustments 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Equity in net income of joint ventures 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Reserve of preferred equity interests, net 

Operating cash distributions from joint ventures 

Gain on sale and change in control of interests, net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Impairment charges 

Assumption of buildings due to ground lease terminations 
 
 () 

() 

Change in notes receivable accrued interest 

Net change in accounts receivable 
 
 () 

() 

Net change in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

Total adjustments 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities 

Cash flow from investing activities: 

Real estate acquired, net of liabilities and cash assumed 
 
 () 

() 

Real estate developed and improvements to operating real estate 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from disposition of real estate 

Proceeds from sale of joint venture interests 

Proceeds from distribution of preferred investment 

Equity contributions to joint ventures 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Repayment of joint venture advances, net 

Repayment of notes receivable 

Net cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities 
 
 () 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Repayment of revolving credit facilities, net 

() 

Proceeds from unsecured term loan 

Payment of debt issuance costs 
 
 () 

Repayment of senior notes, including repayment costs 

() 

Repayment of term loan and mortgage debt 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net of offering expenses 

Redemption of preferred shares 

() 

Repurchase of common shares in conjunction with equity award plans and dividend reinvestment plan 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common shares 
 
 () 

() 

Acquisition of non-controlling interest 
 
 () 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests and redeemable operating partnership units 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash flow used for financing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 () 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Acquisition of non-controlling interest 

Investment in joint ventures related to net assets acquired 

Mortgages assumed, of previously unconsolidated joint ventures 

Mortgages assumed, shopping center acquisitions 

Accounts payable related to construction in progress 

Dividends declared, but not paid 

Tax receivable investment sale proceeds 

Assumption of buildings due to ground lease terminations 

Write-off of preferred share original issuance costs 

to years 

Building improvements and fixtures 
 Useful lives, ranging from to years 

Tenant improvements 

The Company periodically assesses the useful lives of its depreciable real estate assets and accounts for any revisions, which are not material for the periods presented, prospectively. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Significant expenditures that improve or extend the life of the asset are capitalized. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 million, million and million, related to consolidated real estate investments, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively (Note 14). 

million, million and million, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, was capitalized. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accounts receivable are generally expected to be collected within one year. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, straight-line rents receivable, net of a provision for uncollectible amounts of million and million, respectively, aggregated million and million, respectively. 
 
 upon lease execution and upon tenant rent commencement. Upon adoption of Topic 606, lease commission revenue is generally recognized in its entirety upon lease execution. Rental Income Rental Income on the consolidated statements of operations includes contractual lease payments that generally consist of the following: Fixed-lease payments, which include fixed payments associated with expense reimbursements from tenants for common area maintenance, taxes and insurance from tenants in shopping centers and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable term of the lease, which generally ranges from to years, and include the effects of applicable rent steps and abatements. 

 Variable lease payments, which include percentage and overage income, recognized after a tenant s reported sales have exceeded the applicable sales breakpoint set forth in the applicable lease. 

 Variable lease payments associated with expense reimbursements from tenants for common area maintenance, taxes, insurance and other property operating expenses, based upon the tenant s lease provisions, which are recognized in the period the related expenses are incurred. 

 Lease termination payments, which are recognized upon the effective termination of a tenant s lease when the Company has no further obligations under the lease. 

 Ancillary and other property-related rental payments, primarily composed of leasing vacant space to temporary tenants, kiosk income, and parking income, which are recognized in the period earned. 

 For those tenants where the Company is unable to assert that collection of amounts due over the lease term is probable, the Company has categorized these tenants on the cash basis of accounting. As a result, no rental income is recognized from such tenants once they have been placed on the cash basis of accounting until payments are received. Revenues from Contracts with Customers The Company s revenues from contracts with customers generally relate to asset and property management fees, leasing commissions and development fees. These revenues are derived from the Company s management agreements with RVI and unconsolidated joint ventures and, in the case of unconsolidated joint ventures, are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated ownership in the unconsolidated joint venture to which it relates. Termination rights under these contracts vary by contract but generally include termination for cause by either party, or generally due to sale of the property. Asset and Property Management Fees Asset and property management services include property maintenance, tenant coordination, accounting and financial services. Asset and property management services represent a series of distinct daily services. Accordingly, the Company satisfies the performance obligation as services are rendered over time. The Company is compensated for property management services through a monthly management fee, which is typically earned based on a specified percentage of the monthly rental receipts generated from the property under management. The Company is compensated for asset management services through a fee that is billed to the customer monthly and recognized as revenue monthly as the services are rendered, based on a percentage of aggregate asset value or capital contributions for assets under management at the end of the quarter. In 2022, the asset management fee under the RVI external management agreement was paid quarterly based upon an annual flat fee of . Through December 31, 2021, the asset management fee under the RVI external management agreement was paid monthly based on the initial aggregate appraised value of the RVI properties. Property Leasing The Company provides strategic advice and execution to third parties, including RVI and certain joint ventures, in connection with the leasing of retail space. The Company is compensated for services in the form of a commission. The commission is paid upon the occurrence of certain contractual events that may be contingent. For example, a portion of the commission may be paid upon execution of the lease by the tenant, with the remaining paid upon occurrence of another future contingent event (e.g., payment of first month s rent or tenant move-in). The Company typically satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time when control is transferred, generally at the time of the first contractual event where there is a present right to payment. The Company looks to history, experience with a customer and deal-specific considerations to support its judgment that the second contingency will be met. Therefore, the Company typically accelerates the recognition of revenue associated with the second contingent event (if any) to the point in time when control of its service is transferred. Development Services Development services consist of construction management oversight services such as hiring general contractors, reviewing plans and specifications, performing inspections, reviewing documentation and providing accounting services. These services represent a series of distinct services and are recognized over time as services are rendered. The Company is compensated monthly for services based on a percentage of the aggregate amount spent on the construction during the month. Disposition Fees The Company received disposition fees equal to of the gross sales price of each RVI asset sold. The Company was compensated at the time of the closing of the sale transaction. RVI completed the sale of its assets in April 2022. Leases The Company s accounting policies include the following: As a lessee short-term lease exception for certain of the Company s office leases; 

 As a lessor to include operating lease liabilities in the asset group and include the associated operating lease payments in the undiscounted cash flows when considering recoverability of a long-lived asset group and 

 As a lessor to exclude from lease payments taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with lease revenue-producing activity and collected by the lessor from the lessee (e.g., sales tax). 

 ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company s leases do not include an implicit rate, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date of the standard in determining the present value of lease payments. For each lease, the Company utilized a market-based approach to estimate the incremental borrowing rate IBR ), which required significant judgment. The Company estimated base IBRs based on an analysis of (i) yields on the Company s outstanding public debt, as well as that of comparable companies, (ii) observable mortgage rates and (iii) unlevered property yields and discount rates. The Company applied adjustments to the base IBRs to account for full collateralization and lease term. Operating lease ROU assets also include any lease payments made. The Company has options to extend certain of the ground and office leases; however, these options were not considered as part of the lease term 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 reportable operating segment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had reportable operating segments: shopping centers and loan investments. In the fourth quarter of 2020, . of revenues, profit or loss, and assets of the combined reported operating segment and meets the majority of the aggregations criteria under the applicable standard. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded net uncollectible revenue that resulted in rental income of million primarily due to rental income paid in 2022 related to outstanding amounts owed for prior periods from tenants on the cash basis of accounting. During the year ended December 31 2021, the Company recorded net uncollectible revenue that resulted in rental income of million (the Company s share of unconsolidated joint ventures was million), primarily due to rental income paid in 2021 related to outstanding amounts owed from tenants on the cash basis of accounting that were contractually due in 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, tenants on the cash basis of accounting and other related reserves resulted in a reduction of rental income of million (the Company s share of unconsolidated joint ventures was million). These amounts also include reductions in contractual rental payments due from tenants as compared to pre-modification payments due to the impact of lease modifications, with a partial increase in straight-line rent to offset a portion of the impact on net income. Fee and Other Income 

Leasing commissions and development fees 

RVI disposition fees 

RVI credit facility guaranty fees 

Total revenue from contracts with customers 

Other property income 

Total fee and other income 

DDRM Joint Venture 

RVIP IIIB, Deer Park, IL 

Buildings 

Fixtures and tenant improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 
 () 

() 

Construction in progress and land 

Real estate, net 

Cash and restricted cash 

Receivables, net 

Other assets, net 

Mortgage debt 

Notes and accrued interest payable to the Company 

Other liabilities 

Accumulated equity 

Company's share of accumulated equity 

Basis differentials 
 
 () 

Deferred development fees, net of portion related to the Company's interest 
 
 () 

() 

Amounts payable to the Company 

Investments in and Advances to Joint Ventures, net 

Expenses from operations: 

Operating expenses 

Impairment charges 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense 

Preferred share expense 

Other income (expense), net 

(Loss) income before gain on disposition of real estate 
 
 () 

() 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 

Net income (loss) attributable to unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

Company's share of equity in net income of joint ventures 

Basis differential adjustments (A) 

() 

Equity in net income of joint ventures 

(a) The difference between the Company s share of net income, as reported above, and the amounts included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations is attributable to the amortization of basis differentials, the recognition of deferred gains, differences in gain (loss) on sale of certain assets recognized due to the basis differentials and other than temporary impairment charges. 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on revenues for the Company s joint ventures is more fully described in Note 2. 

Leasing commissions and development fees 

Other: 

Interest income (A) 

Other 

(A) Interest income recorded in 2020 related to preferred equity interests in the BRE DDR Joint Ventures, which were transferred or redeemed in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

The Company s joint venture agreements generally include provisions whereby each partner has the right to trigger a purchase or sale of its interest in the joint venture or to initiate a purchase or sale of the properties after a certain number of years or if either party is in default of the joint venture agreements. The Company is not obligated to purchase the interests of its outside joint venture partners under these provisions. Disposition of Joint Venture Interests In 2022, the Company acquired its joint venture partner's equity interest in asset owned by the DDRM Joint Venture (Casselberry Commons, Casselberry, Florida) for million and stepped up the previous interest due to change in control. The transaction resulted in Gain on Sale and Change in Control of Interests of million (Note 5). In 2022, the Company sold its interest in the SAU Joint Venture to its partner, the State of Utah, based on a gross asset value of million (at ). In addition, the Company sold its interest in Lennox Town Center to its partner based on a gross asset value of million (at ). These transactions resulted in Gain on Sale of Interests of million. In 2021, one of the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures sold its sole asset, which was a parcel of undeveloped land in Richmond Hill, Ontario. The Company s share of net proceeds totaled million, after accounting for customary closing costs and foreign currency translation but before income tax. The Company recorded an aggregate gain on the transaction of million, which included its million share of the gain reported by the joint venture, as well as million related to the Company s promoted interest on the disposition of the investment net of the write-off of the accumulated foreign currency translation and contingent estimated income taxes. Subsequent to the transaction, the Company has no other investments outside the United States. In 2021, the Company acquired the equity interest in assets owned by the DDRM Joint Venture for million and stepped up the previous interest due to change in control, with million of mortgage debt related to the properties repaid at closing. The transaction resulted in a Gain on Sale and Change in Control of Interests of million (Note 5). In connection with estimating the fair value of the net assets acquired from the DDRM Joint Venture, the fair value of each property was estimated, and the aggregate gross fair value of the properties acquired was estimated to be million (at based on the consideration paid for the partner's interest. The valuation technique used to value the properties was a discounted cash flow analysis for each property. The discounted cash flow analyses used to estimate the fair value of properties acquired involves significant estimates and assumptions, including discount rates, exit capitalization rates and certain market leasing assumptions. In 2020, the Company sold its interest in the DDRTC Joint Venture to its partner, an affiliate of TIAA-CREF and recorded a Gain on Sale of Joint Venture Interests of million in connection with this sale. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company transferred and redeemed its common and preferred equity interests in the BRE DDR Joint Ventures in exchange for the acquisition of certain of the underlying assets resulting in a Loss on Sale of Joint Venture Interests of million. Disposition of Joint Venture Assets In addition to the transactions above, the Company s joint ventures sold , and shopping centers and land parcels for an aggregate sales price of million, million and million, respectively, of which the Company s share of the gain on sale was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. All transactions with the Company s equity affiliates are described above. 

 F- 18 

shopping centers, comprised of assets in the continental U.S. and assets in Puerto Rico, representing billion of gross book asset value and billion of mortgage debt. RVI sold its remaining asset in April 2022. In connection with the spin-off, on July 1, 2018, the Company and RVI entered into a separation and distribution agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to transfer the properties and certain related assets, liabilities and obligations to RVI and to distribute of the outstanding common shares of RVI to holders of record of SITE Centers common shares as of the close of business on June 26, 2018, the record date. In connection with the spin-off of RVI, RVI issued shares of its series A preferred stock the RVI Preferred Shares to the Company, which were noncumulative and had no mandatory dividend rate. The RVI Preferred Shares ranked, with respect to dividend rights, and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of RVI, senior in preference and priority to RVI s common shares and any other class or series of RVI s capital stock and had a preference amount equal to million in the aggregate. In October 2021, the Company received a cash distribution of million on the RVI Preferred Shares and RVI subsequently repurchased the RVI Preferred Shares for . As of December 31, 2021, the Company no longer had an investment in RVI. On July 1, 2018, the Company and RVI also entered into an external management agreement, which, together with various property management agreements, governed the fees, terms and conditions pursuant to which SITE Centers managed RVI and its properties through December 31, 2021. The Company and RVI entered into a new external management agreement effective January 1, 2022 to govern the Company s management of RVI s remaining property and the wind-up of its operations. Pursuant to these management agreements, the Company has provided RVI with day-to-day management, subject to supervision and certain discretionary limits and authorities granted by the RVI Board of Directors. RVI does not have any employees. The Company and RVI also entered into a tax matters agreement, which governs the rights and responsibilities of the parties following the spin-off with respect to various tax matters and provides for the allocation of tax-related assets, liabilities and obligations. In connection with the new external management agreement, in 2022, the Company recorded Fee and Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations of million. 

Leasing commissions 

Disposition fees 

Credit facility guaranty fees 

Total revenue from contracts with RVI 

F- 19 

Casselberry Commons 
 
 Casselberry, Florida 

(A) 

Shops at Boca Center 
 
 Boca Raton, Florida 

Shoppes of Crabapple 
 
 Alpharetta, Georgia 

La Fiesta Square 
 
 Lafayette, California 

Lafayette Mercantile 
 
 Lafayette, California 

Shops at Tanglewood 
 
 Houston, Texas 

Boulevard at Marketplace 
 
 Fairfax, Virginia 

Fairfax Marketplace 
 
 Fairfax, Virginia 

Fairfax Pointe 
 
 Fairfax, Virginia 

Parkwood Shops 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 

Chandler Center 
 
 Chandler, Arizona 

Shops at Power and Baseline 
 
 Mesa, Arizona 

Northsight Plaza 
 
 Scottsdale, Arizona 

Broadway Center 
 
 Tempe, Arizona 

Shops on Montview 
 
 Denver, Colorado 

Shoppes at Addison Place 
 
 Delray Beach, Florida 

Emmet Street Station 
 
 Charlottesville, Virginia 

Hammond Springs 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 

Belgate Shopping Center (land parcel) 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 

Emmet Street North 
 
 Charlottesville, Virginia 

At Home (Single Box) 
 
 Princeton, New Jersey 

Village Square at Golf 
 
 Boynton Beach, Florida 

(A) 

(A) 

Shoppes at Paradise Point 
 
 Fort Walton Beach, Florida 

(A) 

(A) 

Midway Plaza 
 
 Tamarac, Florida 

(A) 

(A) 

North Point Plaza 
 
 Tampa, Florida 

(A) 

(A) 

The Shoppes at New Tampa 
 
 Wesley Chapel, Florida 

(A) 

(A) 

Paradise Shoppes of Ellenwood 
 
 Ellenwood, Georgia 

(A) 

(A) 

Paradise Village Gateway 
 
 Phoenix, Arizona 

(B) 

(B) 

(A) Acquired its joint venture partner's equity interest from the DDRM Joint Venture. In 2022, the purchase price was million at (or million at ). In 2021, the purchase price for the assets was million at (or million at ), and the mortgage debt of million was repaid at closing. The purchase price was equal to the estimated fair value of the property plus transaction costs incurred (Note 3). 

 (B) Acquired its joint venture partner s interest in a consolidated joint venture, Paradise Village Gateway. The partner s ownership was previously reflected as non-controlling interest on the Company s balance sheet (Note 12). The Company repaid the mortgage debt of million at closing. 

N/A 
 N/A 

Buildings 

(A) 
 (A) 

Tenant improvements 

(A) 
 (A) 

Construction in progress 

N/A 
 N/A 

In-place leases (including lease origination costs and fair market value of leases) 

Other assets assumed 

N/A 
 N/A 

Less: Mortgage debt assumed at fair value 

() 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Less: Below-market leases 
 
 () 

() 

Less: Other liabilities assumed 
 
 () 

() 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Fair value of non-controlling interest 

N/A 
 N/A 

Net assets acquired 

(A) Depreciated in accordance with the Company s policy (Note 1). 

Gain on Change in Control of Interests 

Carrying value of previously held common equity interests (A) 

Total consideration 

(A) The significant inputs used to value the previously held equity interests were determined to be Level 3 for all of the applicable acquisitions. In 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average discount rate applied to cash flows was approximately and , respectively, and the weighted-average residual capitalization rate applied was approximately and , respectively. 

Included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations are million, million and million in total revenues from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, for properties acquired during each of the respective years. 

Above-market leases, net 

Lease origination costs, net 

Tenant relationships, net 

Total intangible assets, net 

Operating lease ROU assets (A) 

Other assets: 

Prepaid expenses 

Swap receivable 

Other assets 

Deposits 

Deferred charges, net 

Total other assets, net 

Below-market leases, net (other liabilities) 

(A) Operating lease ROU assets are discussed further in Note 7. 

2021 

2020 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Operating Lease Liabilities 
 
 Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities 

General and Administrative (A) 

Total lease costs 

(A) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. 

years 

years 

Weighted-Average Discount Rate 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement operating cash flows from lease liabilities (in thousands) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total 

Lessor Space in the Company s shopping centers is leased to tenants pursuant to agreements that provide for terms generally ranging from to years and for rents which, in some cases, are subject to upward adjustments based on operating expense levels, sales volume or contractual increases as defined in the lease agreements. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million if certain borrowing conditions are satisfied, and an accordion feature for expansion of availability up to billion, provided that new lenders agree to the existing terms of the facility or existing lenders increase their commitment level and subject to other customary conditions precedent. The Revolving Credit Facility was amended to, among other things, (i) modify the financial covenants and certain other provisions contained therein, (ii) subject to two six-month options to extend the maturity to upon the Company s request (subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) and (iii) change the interest rate benchmark from the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Company s borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates at the Company s election, based on either (i) the SOFR rate plus a basis point credit spread adjustment plus an applicable margin at December 31, 2022), or (ii) the alternative base rate plus an applicable margin at December 31, 2022 ). The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for an annual facility fee, which was basis points on the entire facility at December 31, 2022 . The applicable margins and facility fee vary depending on the Company s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch (or their respective successors). The Revolving Credit Facility also features a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable interest rate margin can be adjusted by one or two basis points if the Company meets certain sustainability performance targets. The Company is required to comply with certain covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility relating to total outstanding indebtedness, secured indebtedness, value of unencumbered real estate assets and fixed-charge coverage. In 2022, in connection with the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility described above, the Company terminated its separate million unsecured revolving credit facility with PNC Bank, National Association. 

 F- 23 

June 2027 

Senior notes discount, net 

() 

() 

Net unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total Senior Notes 

Term Loan 

(C) 

Net unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total Term Loan 

Secured indebtedness: 

Mortgage Indebtedness Fixed Rate 

May 2025 

Net unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total Mortgage Indebtedness 

(A) The interest rates reflected above for the senior notes represent the range of the coupon rate of the notes outstanding. All other interest rates presented are a weighted average of the outstanding debt. Interest rate on variable-rate debt was calculated using the base rate and spreads effective December 31, 2021. 

 (B) Effective interest rates ranged from to as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 (C) Reflects the utilization of a swap, which caps the variable rate (SOFR) interest rate at , plus a credit spread adjustment plus the applicable margin (0.95 at December 31, 2022), which is based on the Company s long-term unsecured debt rating as described below. 

Senior Notes The Company s various fixed-rate senior notes have interest coupon rates that averaged per annum at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The senior notes may be redeemed prior to maturity based upon a yield maintenance calculation. Term Loan As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Term Loan (as defined below) had outstanding borrowings of million, all of which have been converted to a fixed interest rate of through the utilization of a swap (Note 10). In 2022, the Company amended and restated its million unsecured term loan with a syndicate of financial institutions and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Term Loan to, among other things, (i) modify the financial covenants and certain other provisions contained therein in a manner consistent with the amendments made to the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) extend the maturity date to , (iii) add a million delayed draw feature (that was drawn upon in June 2022) and (iv) change the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. The Term Loan bears interest at variable rates equal to (i) the SOFR rate plus a 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus an applicable margin at December 31, 2022) or (ii) the alternative base rate plus an applicable margin at December 31, 2022 ). The applicable margins vary depending on the Company s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch (or their respective successors). In August 2022, the variable rate (SOFR) component of the interest rate applicable to million of the Term Loan was converted to a fixed rate of through the loan's maturity date. The Company may increase the principal amount of the Term Loan in the future to up to million in the aggregate provided that existing or new lenders are identified to provide additional loan commitments and subject to other customary conditions precedent. The Term Loan also features a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable interest rate margin can be adjusted by one to two basis points if the Company meets certain sustainability performance targets. The Company is required to comply with covenants similar to those contained in the Revolving Credit Facility. The . Mortgages Payable Mortgages payable, collateralized by real estate with a net book value of million at December 31, 2022, and related tenant leases are generally due in monthly installments of principal and/or interest. Fixed contractual interest rates on mortgages payable range from approximately to per annum. Scheduled Principal Repayments at December 31, 2022, Note 8) and unsec ured and secured indebtedness, excluding extension options, as of December 31, 2022, were as follows (in thousands): 

Year 
 
 Amount 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Unamortized fair market value of assumed debt 

Net unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

Total indebtedness 

Total gross fees paid by the Company for its revolving credit facilities and term loans in 2022, 2021 and 2020 aggregated million, million and million, respectively. 

Other Fair Value Instruments See discussion of fair value considerations of joint venture investments in Note 14. Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities The carrying amounts reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets for these financial instruments approximated fair value because of their short-term maturities. Debt The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures of debt. The fair market value of senior notes is determined using a pricing model to approximate the trading price of the Company s public debt. The fair market value for all other debt is estimated using a discounted cash flow technique that incorporates future contractual interest and principal payments and a market interest yield curve with adjustments for duration, optionality and risk profile, including the Company s non-performance risk and loan to value. The Company s senior notes and all other debt are classified as Level 2 and Level 3, respectively, in the fair value hierarchy. Considerable judgment is necessary to develop estimated fair values of financial instruments. Accordingly, the estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize on disposition of the financial instruments. 

Revolving Credit Facilities and Term Loan 

Mortgage Indebtedness 

million, expiring in , which converts the variable-rate (SOFR) component of the interest rate applicable to its Term Loan to a fixed rate of . The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated, and that qualify, as a cash flow hedge is recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income OCI and is subsequently reclassified into earnings, into interest expense, in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. All components of the swap were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The Company expects to reflect within the next 12 months, a decrease to interest expense (and a corresponding increase to earnings) of approximately million. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparty to the swap if the derivative position has a positive balance. The Company believes it mitigates its credit risk by entering into swaps with major financial institutions. The Company continually monitors and actively manages interest costs on its variable-rate debt portfolio and may enter into additional interest rate swap positions or other derivative interest rate instruments based on market conditions. The Company has not entered, and does not plan to enter, into any derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features The Company has an agreement with the swap counterparty that contains a provision whereby if the Company defaults on certain of its indebtedness, the Company could also be declared in default on the swap, resulting in an acceleration of payment under the swap. 

 F- 26 

million for its consolidated properties and million for its unconsolidated properties as of December 31, 2022. These obligations, composed principally of construction contracts, are generally due within 12 to 24 months, as the related construction costs are incurred, and are expected to be financed through operating cash flow, assets sales or borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. These contracts typically can be changed or terminated without penalty. The Company routinely enters into contracts for the maintenance of its properties. These contracts typically can be canceled upon 30 to 60 days' notice without penalty. At December 31, 2022, the Company had purchase order obligations, typically payable within one year, aggregating approximately million related to the maintenance of its properties and general and administrative expenses. 

 million. The Company has not recorded any obligation associated with these letters of credit, the majority of which serve as collateral to secure the Company's obligation to third-party insurers with respect to limited reinsurance provided by the Company's captive insurance company. 
 Operating Partnership Units OP Units outstanding to one partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021. These OP Units are exchangeable at the election of the OP Unit holder and, under certain circumstances at the option of the Company, for an equivalent number of the Company s common shares or for the equivalent amount of cash. These OP Units are subject to registration rights agreements covering shares equivalent to the number of OP Units held by the holder if the Company elects to settle in its common shares. The OP Units are classified on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as Non-Controlling Interests. In 2021, the Company acquired its partner s interest in Paradise Village Gateway (Phoenix, Arizona), which had a value of non-controlling interest of negative million for million and, in 2022, the Company paid an additional million in earnouts, which are reflected as Additional Paid-in Capital in the Company s Statement of Equity (Note 5). Preferred Shares The depositary shares, representing the Class A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares Class A Preferred Shares ), each represent 1/20 of a Class A Preferred Share and have a liquidation value of per share. The Class A depositary shares are redeemable by the Company. The Company s authorized preferred shares consist of the following: of each: Class A, Class B, Class C, Class D, Class E, Class F, Class G, Class H, Class I, Class J and Class K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, without par value 

 Non-Cumulative Preferred Shares, without par value 

 Cumulative Voting Preferred Shares, without par value 

 In 2021, the Company redeemed all million aggregate liquidation preference of its Class K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (the Class K Preferred Shares at a redemption price of per Class K Preferred Share (or per depositary share) plus accrued and unpaid dividends of per Class K Preferred Share (or per depositary share). The Company recorded a charge of million to net income attributable to common shareholders, which represents the difference between the redemption price and the carrying amount immediately prior to redemption, which was recorded to additional paid-in capital upon original issuance. Common Share Dividends 

Common Shares Issuance In the first six months of 2022, the Company settled million common shares which were sold on a forward basis under its million continuous equity program, at a weighted-average price of per sh are before issuance costs resulting in gross proceeds of million. In 2021, the Company issued and sold million common shares at a weighted-average price of per share before issuance costs resulting in net proceeds of million. Common Shares in Treasury In 2018, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a million common share repurchase program all of which was utilized as of December 20, 2022. In 2022 and 2020, the Company repurchased million and million shares under this program at an aggregate cost of million and million, respectively, or a weighted-average price of and per share, respectively. These shares were recorded as Treasury Shares on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. On December 20, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new common share repurchase program. Under the terms of the new program, the Company is authorized to purchase up to a maximum value of million of its common shares. In late December 2022, the Company repurchased million common shares at an aggregate cost of million under this new program which settled in January 2023. 

() 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Change in cash flow hedges reclassed to earnings (A) 

Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for foreign currency translation (B) 

Net current-period other comprehensive income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Change in cash flow hedges 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to interest expense (A) 
 
 () 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 (C) 

(A) For the year ended December 31, 2022, classified in Interest Expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2020, million is classified as Other Expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

 (B) Represents the release of foreign currency translation related to the sale of a parcel of undeveloped land in Richmond Hill, Ontario, owned by one of the Company s joint ventures (Note 3). 

 (C) Includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company on its Term Loan (Note 10) and an unconsolidated joint venture. 

F- 28 

Assets marketed for sale (B) 

Undeveloped land (B) 

Reserve of preferred equity interests (C) 

Total impairment charges 

(a) In the second quarter of 2022, the impairment charges recorded were a result of a tenant exercising a million fixed-price purchase option on their building pursuant to the lease agreement. This asset was sold in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

 (b) In 2021, the impairment charges recorded were triggered by a change in the hold period assumptions. In 2020, the impairment charges recorded were triggered by indicative bids received. 

 (c) As a result of an aggregate valuation allowance on its preferred equity interests in the BRE DDR Joint Ventures that were transferred or redeemed in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

Items Measured at Fair Value For operational real estate assets, the significant valuation assumptions included the capitalization rate used in the income capitalization valuation, as well as the projected property net operating income. For the valuation of the preferred equity interests, prior to the closing of the BRE DDR Joint Ventures transactions in the fourth quarter of 2020, the significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis included the discount rate, projected net operating income, the timing of the expected redemption and the exit capitalization rates. These valuations were calculated based on market conditions and assumptions made by management at the time the valuation adjustments and impairments were recorded, which may differ materially from actual results if market conditions or the underlying assumptions change. 

December 31, 2021 

Long-lived assets held and used 

December 31, 2020 

Long-lived assets held and used 

Preferred equity interests 

Indicative Bid (A) 
 
 Indicative Bid (A) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

December 31, 2021 

Impairment of consolidated assets 

Indicative Bid (A) 
 
 Indicative Bid (A) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 (A) Fair value measurements based upon an indicative bid and developed by third-party sources (including offers and comparable sales values), subject to the Company s corroboration for reasonableness. The Company does not have access to certain unobservable inputs used by these third parties to determine these estimated fair values. 

 Assets where the Company identified an impairment charge, were generally sold within one year of the period in which the impairment charge recorded. 

F- 29 

million common shares were available for grant under future awards as of December 31, 2022. Stock Options Stock options may be granted at per-share prices not less than fair market value at the date of grant and must be exercised within the maximum contractual term of years thereof. The fair values for option awards granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. option awards have been granted since December 31, 2017. 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

As of December 31, 2019, all stock option compensation cost was recognized. Restricted Share Units The Board of Directors approved grants to officers of the Company of restricted common share units RSUs of million in 2022 , million in 2021 and million in 2020 . These grants generally vest in equal annual amounts over a three - to period. RSUs generally receive cash payments which are equivalent to the cash dividends paid on the Company s common shares. These grants have a weighted-average fair value at the date of grant ranging from to , which was equal to the market value of the Company s common shares at the date of grant. As a component of compensation to the Company s non-employee directors, the Company issued million common shares to the non-employee directors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The grant value was equal to the market value of the Company s common shares at the date of grant, and these common shares were fully vested upon grant. Performance-Based Restricted Share Units (PRSUs) The payout of the PRSUs will vary based on relative total shareholder return performance measured over the applicable performance period, with the ultimate payout ranging from a level of of target to a maximum level of of target (in the case of PRSUs issued prior to 2021, subject to reduction by one-third in the event that SITE Centers absolute total shareholder return during the applicable performance period is negative). In March 2022, the Company issued common shares in settlement of certain PRSUs granted in 2019 and 2020. In March 2021, the Company issued common shares in settlement of certain PRSUs granted in 2018 and 2020. In December 2020, in connection with the termination without cause of the chief operating officer, a settlement of the PRSUs granted in 2020, 2019 and 2018 resulted in the issuance of common shares. For the PRSUs in which the performance period ended in February 2020, shares were granted. The 2022, 2021 and 2020 grants had a grant date fair value aggregating million, million and million, respectively, to be amortized ratably over the performance period ending three years from the date of grant. Under the anti-dilution provisions of the Company s equity incentive plan and the respective PRSU award agreement, the PRSUs issued in 2017 and 2018 were adjusted as of the spin-off of RVI, effective July 1, 2018, as determined by the Company s compensation committee. The number of PRSUs was adjusted so as to retain the same intrinsic value immediately after the spin-off that the PRSU awards had immediately prior to the spin-off. In particular, upon consummation of the spin-off of RVI, the 2017 and 2018 PRSU awards were adjusted to: (1) retain the original SITE Centers relative total shareholder return RTSR peer group; (2) retain the SITE Centers beginning share price used for RTSR purposes and (3) measure ending share price as SITE Centers ending price plus RVI s split-adjusted ending price (with any dividends paid during the performance period deemed reinvested into additional SITE Centers shares). Effective at the date of the spin-off, because these awards were dual-indexed to both the Company s and RVI s stock performance, the 2017 and 2018 PRSU awards were accounted for as liability awards and marked to fair value on a quarterly basis. In 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a mark-to-market adjustment of million as expense and million as income, respectively, in connection with the PRSUs granted primarily in March 2018. These awards were settled in March 2022. Summary of Unvested Share Awards 

Granted 

Vested 
 
 () 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation for the restricted awards granted under the plans as summarized above was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average -year term, which includes the performance-based and time-based vesting periods. Deferred Compensation Plans The Company maintains a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering substantially all of the officers and employees of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Code. Also, for certain officers, the Company maintains the Elective Deferred Compensation Plan and Equity Deferred Compensation Plan, both non-qualified plans, which permit the deferral of base salaries, commissions and annual performance-based cash bonuses or receipt of restricted shares. In addition, directors of the Company are permitted to defer all or a portion of their fees pursuant to the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, a non-qualified plan. All of these plans were fully funded at December 31, 2022 . 

 F- 31 

Income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Write-off of preferred share original issuance costs 

() 

Preferred dividends 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Distributable earnings attributable to unvested shares and OP Units 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to common shareholders after allocation to participating securities 

Denominators Number of Shares 

Basic Average shares outstanding 

Assumed conversion of dilutive securities: 

PRSUs 

Forward equity 

OP units 

Diluted Average shares outstanding 

Earnings Per Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Basic average shares outstanding do not include restricted shares totaling million at December 31, 2022 and million at each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 that were not vested (Note 15). The following potentially dilutive securities were considered in the calculation of EPS: For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, PRSUs issued to certain executives in March 2022, March 2021 and March 2020 were considered in the computation of dilutive EPS (Note 15). 

 The exchange into common shares associated with OP Units was included in the computation of diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The exchange into common shares associated with OP Units was not included in the computation of diluted EPS for December 31, 2020, because the effect of assuming conversion was anti-dilutive (Note 12). 

 The agreements to offer and sell approximately million common shares on a forward basis were considered in the computation of diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Note 12). These agreements were anti-dilutive in 2022 and not outstanding in 2020. 

 Options to purchase million common shares were outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million common shares were outstanding for each of the years ending December 31, 2021 and 2020 (Note 15). These outstanding options were not considered in the computation of diluted EPS, as the options were anti-dilutive. 

of its taxable income (excluding net capital gains) to its shareholders. It is management s current intention to adhere to these requirements and maintain the Company s REIT status. As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to corporate level federal income tax on taxable income it distributes to its shareholders. As the Company distributed sufficient taxable income for each of the ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, U.S. federal income or excise taxes were incurred. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for the four subsequent taxable years. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain foreign, state and local taxes on its income and property and to federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable income. In addition, the Company has a TRS that is subject to federal, state and local income taxes on any taxable income generated from its operational activity. In order to maintain its REIT status, the Company must meet certain income tests to ensure that its gross income consists of passive income and not income from the active conduct of a trade or business. The Company utilizes its TRS to the extent certain fee and other miscellaneous non-real estate-related income cannot be earned by the REIT. For both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made a net payment of million and for the year ended December 31, 2020, million related to taxes. 

() 

() 

Current 

Deferred 

Total income tax expense 

Statutory rate applied to pre-tax income (loss) 

() 

() 

State income tax expense net of federal income tax benefit 

Deferred tax impact of contributions of assets 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred tax impact of tax rate change 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance (decrease) increase based on impact of tax rate change 

() 

Valuation allowance increase (decrease) other deferred 

() 

Expiration of capital loss carryforward 

Other 

() 

Total expense 

Effective tax rate 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

Valuation allowance 
 
 () 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

(A) At December 31, 2022, primarily attributable to million of net operating losses and million of book/tax differences in joint venture investments. At December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to million of net operating losses, million of book/tax differences in joint venture investments. The TRS net operating loss carryforwards will expire in varying amounts between the years , except for approximately million that does not expire and is limited to of taxable income. 

Plus: Book depreciation and amortization (A) 

Less: Tax depreciation and amortization (A) 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Book/tax differences on losses from capital transactions 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Joint venture equity (earnings) loss, net (A) 
 
 () 

() 

Deferred income 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Compensation expense 

Impairment charges 

Miscellaneous book/tax differences, net 
 
 () 

() 

Taxable income before adjustments 

Less: Net operating loss carryforward 

() 

Less: Capital gains 
 
 () 

Taxable income subject to the dividend requirement 

(A) Depreciation expense from majority-owned subsidiaries and affiliates, which is consolidated for financial reporting purposes but not for tax reporting purposes, is included in the reconciliation item Joint venture equity (earnings) loss, net. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash dividends paid for tax purposes were equivalent to, or in excess of taxable income. 

 joint ventures. As such, beginning on January 1, 2021, the Company has reportable operating segment. The table below presents information about the Company s reportable operating segments in 2020 (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Shopping Centers 

Loan Investments 

Other 

Total 

Rental income 

Other income 

Total revenues 

Rental operation expenses 
 
 () 

() 

Net operating income 

Impairment charges 
 
 () 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 () 

() 

Interest income 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

Unallocated expenses (A) 

() 

() 

Equity in net income of joint ventures 

Reserve of preferred equity interests, net 

() 

() 

Gain on sale and change in control of interests, net 

Gain on disposition of real estate, net 

Income before tax expense 

As of December 31, 2020: 

Total gross real estate assets 

(A) 

convenience shopping centers for an aggregate price of million, including Parker Keystone (Parker, Colorado) for million and Foxtail Center (Timonium, Maryland) for million. 

 F- 34 

S CHEDULE II 
 SITE Centers Corp. 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 

Balance at Beginning of Year 

Charged to Expense 

Deductions 

Balance at End of Year 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Allowance for uncollectible accounts (A) 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Allowance for uncollectible accounts (A) 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Allowance for uncollectible accounts (A) 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets (B) 

(A) Includes allowances on straight-line rents. 

(B) Amounts charged to expense are discussed further in Note 17. 

F- 35 

S CHEDULE III 

(A) 

Mesa, AZ 

(A) 

Phoenix, AZ 

(A) 

Phoenix, AZ 

(A) 

Phoenix, AZ 

(A) 

Scottsdale, AZ 

(A) 

Scottsdale, AZ 

(A) 

Tempe, AZ 

(A) 

Buena Park, CA 

(A) 

Fontana, CA 

(A) 

Lafayette, CA 

(A) 

Lafayette, CA 

(A) 

Long Beach, CA 

(C) 

Oakland, CA 

(A) 

Roseville, CA 

(A) 

San Francisco, CA 

(A) 

Centennial, CO 

(C) 

Colorado Springs, CO 

(A) 

Denver, CO 

(A) 

Denver, CO 

(A) 

Parker, CO 

(A) 

Guilford, CT 

(C) 

Windsor Court, CT 

(A) 

Boca Raton, FL 

(A) 

Boynton Beach, FL 

(A) 

Brandon, FL 

(C) 

Brandon, FL 

(A) 

Brandon, FL 

(A) 

Casselberry, FL 

(A) 

Delray Beach, FL 

(A) 

Fort Walton Beach, FL 

(A) 

Jupiter, FL 

(A) 

Melbourne, FL 

(A) 

Miami, FL 

(C) 

Naples, FL 

(A) 

Orlando, FL 

(C) 

Orlando, FL 

(A) 

Palm Harbor, FL 

(A) 

Plantation, FL 

(A) 

Tamarac, FL 

(A) 

Tampa, FL 

(A) 
 
 SCHEDULE III SITE Centers Corp. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2022 (In thousands) 

Total Cost, 

Initial Cost 

Total Cost (1) 

Net of 

Date of 

Buildings 

Buildings 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 

Construction (C) 

Location 
 Land 

Improvements 

Land (2) 

Improvements (3) 

Total 

Depreciation (4) 

Depreciation 

Encumbrances (5) 

Acquisition (A) 

Tampa, FL 

(A) 

Wesley Chapel, FL 

(A) 

Winter Garden, FL 

(A) 

Alpharetta, GA 

(A) 

Atlanta, GA 

(A) 

Atlanta, GA 

(A) 

Atlanta, GA 

(A) 

Cumming, GA 

(A) 

Cumming, GA 

(A) 

Cumming, GA 

(A) 

Douglasville, GA 

(A) 

Roswell, GA 

(A) 

Snellville, GA 

(A) 

Suwanee, GA 

(A) 

Chicago, IL 

(A) 

Chicago, IL 

(A) 

Schaumburg, IL 

(A) 

Everett, MA 

(C) 

Framingham, MA 

(A) 

Brentwood, MO 

(A) 

East Hanover, NJ 

(A) 

Edgewater, NJ 

(A) 

Freehold, NJ 

(C) 

Hamilton, NJ 

(A) 

Princeton, NJ 

(A) 

Voorhees, NJ 

(A) 

Hempstead, NY 

(A) 

Charlotte, NC 

(A) 

Charlotte, NC 

(A) 

Charlotte, NC 

(C) 

Cornelius, NC 

(A) 

Cincinnati, OH 

(A) 

Columbus, OH 

(A) 

Columbus, OH 

(A) 

Mason, OH 

(A) 

Stow, OH 

(C) 

Westlake, OH 

(C) 

Portland, OR 

(A) 

Portland, OR 

(A) 

Boothwyn, PA 

(A) 

Easton, PA 

(A) 

Anderson, SC 

(A) 
 
 SCHEDULE III SITE Centers Corp. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2022 (In thousands) 

Total Cost, 

Initial Cost 

Total Cost (1) 

Net of 

Date of 

Buildings 

Buildings 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 

Construction (C) 

Location 
 Land 

Improvements 

Land (2) 

Improvements (3) 

Total 

Depreciation (4) 

Depreciation 

Encumbrances (5) 

Acquisition (A) 

Mount Pleasant, SC 

(A) 

Brentwood, TN 

(A) 

Highland Village, TX 

(A) 

Houston, TX 

(A) 

Round Rock, TX 

(A) 

San Antonio, TX 

(C) 

San Antonio, TX 

(C) 

San Antonio, TX 

(A) 

Charlottesville, VA 

(A) 

Charlottesville, VA 

(A) 

Fairfax, VA 

(A) 

Fairfax, VA 

(A) 

Fairfax, VA 

(A) 

Fairfax, VA 

(A) 

Richmond, VA 

(A) 

Richmond, VA 

(A) 

Springfield, VA 

(A) 

Portfolio Balance (SITE) 

(1) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes was approximately billion at December 31, 2022. 

 (2) Includes million of undeveloped land at December 31, 2022. 

 (3) Includes million of construction in progress at December 31, 2022. 

 (4) Depreciation and amortization is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 

Buildings 
 
 Useful lives, ranging from to years 

Building improvements and fixtures 
 
 Useful lives, ranging from to years 

Tenant improvements 

(5) Excludes fair market value of debt adjustments and net loan costs aggregating million. 

F- 38 

SCHEDULE III 

Acquisitions 

Developments, improvements and expansions 

Adjustments of property carrying values (Impairments) 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Disposals (A) 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

(A) Includes the write-off of fully amortized tenant improvements. 

 The changes in Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization are as follows (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at beginning of year 

Depreciation for year 

Disposals 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

F- 39 

S CHEDULE IV 
 SITE Centers Corp. 
 Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 
 
 The Company has not had any mortgage loans outstanding since December 31, 2020. Changes in mortgage loans are summarized below (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Balance at beginning of period 

Additions during period: 

Interest 

Deductions during period: 

Provision for loan loss reserve 
 
 () 

Collections of principal and interest 
 
 () 

Balance at close of period 

F- 40 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SITE Centers Corp. 

By: 
 
 /s/ David R. Lukes 

David R. Lukes, Chief Executive Officer, President Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 23 rd day of February, 2023. 

/s/ David R. Lukes 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President Director 

David R. Lukes 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Conor Fennerty 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 

Conor Fennerty 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Christa A. Vesy 
 
 Executive Vice President Chief Accounting Officer 

Christa A. Vesy 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Linda B. Abraham 
 
 Director 

Linda B. Abraham 

/s/ Terrance R. Ahern 
 
 Director 

Terrance R. Ahern 

/s/ Jane E. DeFlorio 
 
 Director 

Jane E. DeFlorio 

/s/ Victor B. MacFarlane 
 
 Director 

Victor B. MacFarlane 

/s/ Alexander Otto 
 
 Director 

Alexander Otto 

/s/ Barry A. Sholem 
 
 Director 

Barry A. Sholem 

/s/ Dawn M. Sweeney 
 
 Director 

Dawn M. Sweeney 

<EX-21>
 2
 sitc-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SITE CENTERS CORP. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES/AFFILIATES 
 
 3030 North Broadway LLC , an Illinois limited liability company 
 American Industrial Properties REIT , a Texas real estate investment trust 
 Ancillary Affiliated Enterprises, Inc ., an Ohio corporation 
 American Property Protection Company , a Vermont corporation 
 Bandera Pointe Investment LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BG Toledo, LLC , an Ohio limited liability company 
 Black Cherry Limited Liability Company , a Colorado limited liability company 
 BRE DDR BR Midtowne SC LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR BR White Oak VA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Carillon Place LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Cool Springs Pointe LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Crocodile Falcon Ridge Town Center I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Crocodile Falcon Ridge Town Center II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Crocodile Falcon Ridge Triangles LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Crocodile Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Crocodile Property Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Crocodile Sycamore Plaza LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Fairfax Town Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Flatacres Marketplace LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Homart Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR IVA Ashbridge PA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR IVA Concourse FL LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR IVA Hub NY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR IVA Southmont PA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR IVB Echelon NJ LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR IVB Larkin s PA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Lake Brandon Village LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Longhorn II Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Longhorn II Mezz Borrower LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Merriam Town Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Parker Pavilions LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Retail Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Retail Mezz 1 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Retail Mezz 2 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Retail Parent LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 

BRE DDR Shoppers World LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Venice Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BRE DDR Woodfield Village LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Buffalo-Norfolk Associates, L.L.P., a Virginia limited liability company (inactive but not dissolved) 
 Canal TC LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Chelmsford Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Coventry Real Estate Partners, Ltd. , an Ohio limited liability company 
 DD Community Centers Eight, Inc. , a Delaware corporation 
 DDR 2008 Portfolio LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR 3030 Holdco LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Arrowhead Crossing OP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Asset Management LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Bandera GP II LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Bandera GP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Bandera LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Bandera LP II LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Beachwood Headquarters LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Belgate Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Belgate LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Buena Park Place Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Buena Park Place LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Builders LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Builders Utah Inc. , a Utah corporation 
 DDR BV Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR BV Holdings IV LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR BV Preferred Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR CA Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Canada Ventures Holding Inc ., a Delaware corporation 
 DDR Canada Ventures Inc ., an Ontario corporation 
 DDR Carolina Pavilion LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Continental Inc. , an Ohio corporation 
 DDR Continental LP , an Ohio limited partnership 
 DDR Cotswold LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR CP Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Creekside LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Creekside Tenant LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR DB Kyle LP , a Texas limited partnership 
 DDR DB SA Phase II LP , a Texas limited partnership 
 DDR DB SA Ventures LP, a Texas limited partnership 
 DDR DB Stone Oak LP , a Texas limited partnership 
 - 2 - 

DDR DB Terrell LP , a Texas limited partnership 
 DDR Deer Park Town Center LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 
 DDR Down REIT LLC , an Ohio limited liability company 
 DDR Easton Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Easton Market OP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Guilford LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Hendon Nassau Park II LP , a Georgia limited partnership 
 DDR Highland Village LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR IRR Acquisition LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR KM Shopping Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Kyle Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Lake Brandon Plaza LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Management LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Manatee Liquidating Holdco 1 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Manatee Master GP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Manatee Master LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Maxwell JV LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Maxwell LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR MCH East II LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR MCH East LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR MCH West LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Melbourne LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Merriam Village LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Miami Avenue, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Mid-Atlantic Management Corp. , a Delaware corporation 
 DDR Nampa Cinema LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Nassau Park II Inc. , an Ohio corporation 
 DDR Nassau Pavilion Associates LP , a Georgia limited partnership 
 DDR Nassau Pavilion Inc. , an Ohio corporation 
 DDR NC Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR NJ Liquor License LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Northern Richmond Hill BF LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Northern Richmond Hill TE Co ., a Delaware corporation 
 DDR Northern Richmond Hill Trust , a Delaware statutory trust 
 DDR Office Flex Corporation , a Delaware corporation 
 DDR Office Flex LP , an Ohio limited partnership 
 DDR OG Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Ohio Opportunity II LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 
 DDR Orlando LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Perimeter Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 - 3 - 

DDR Perimeter Pointe LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR PR GC Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR PR Ventures II LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR PR Ventures LLC, S.E. , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Property Management LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR PTC LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR PTC Outparcel LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Realty Company , a Maryland Real Estate Investment Trust 
 DDR Retail Real Estate Limited Partnership , an Illinois limited partnership 
 DDR Sharon Greens LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Site Work LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Snellville Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast East Hanover, L.L.C ., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Edgewater, L.L.C ., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Fountains, L.L.C ., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Loisdale, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Property Management Corp., a Delaware corporation 
 DDR Southeast Retail Acquisitions, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Retail Real Estate Manager, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Sandy Plains, L.L.C. , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Short Pump, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Snellville, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Southlake LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Southeast SP Outlot 1, L.L.C. , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Spring Mall, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southeast Windsor, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Southern Management Corp. , a Delaware corporation 
 DDR Stone Oak Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Terrell Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR TRS Lender LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR TX Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Urban LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Urban, Inc , a Delaware corporation 
 DDR Van Ness, Inc. , an Ohio corporation 
 DDR Wando Crossing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR Waterstone LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR WF Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR WF Oakland LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDR Winter Garden LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDR/Van Ness Operating Company, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership 
 - 4 - 

DDRA Arrowhead Crossing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRA Community Centers Eight, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDRA Tanasbourne Town Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRC Gateway LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Apple Blossom Corners LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Casselberry Commons LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Chickasaw Trails Shopping Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Countryside LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Creekwood Crossing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Fayetteville Pavilion LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Flamingo Falls LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Hairston Crossing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Highland Grove LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Hilliard Rome LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Hilliard Rome SPE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Hilltop Plaza GP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Hilltop Plaza LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DDRM Holdings Pool 1 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Holdings Pool 2 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Holdings Pool 3 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Meadowmont Village Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Midway Plaza LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM North Pointe Plaza LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Northlake Commons LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Oviedo Park Crossing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Properties LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM River Run LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Riverdale Shops LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Riverstone Plaza LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Sexton Commons LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Sheridan Square LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Shoppes at New Tampa LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Shoppes at Paradise Pointe LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Shoppes of Ellenwood LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Shops at Oliver's Crossing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Skyview Plaza LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Springfield Commons LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM Village Square at Golf LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DDRM West Falls Plaza LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Developers Diversified Centennial Promenade LP , an Ohio limited partnership 
 - 5 - 

Developers Diversified of Mississippi, Inc. , an Ohio corporation 
 Diversified Construction LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Dividend Trust Portfolio JV LC , a Delaware limited partnership 
 Dividend Trust REIT Sub , a Maryland statutory trust 
 DT Ahwatukee Foothills LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Ashley Crossing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Brookside LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Commonwealth Center II LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Connecticut Commons LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Independence Commons LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Mezz Borrower 1 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Mezz Borrower 2 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT NC Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Poyner Place LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DT Prado LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT Route 22 Retail LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 DT University Centre LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 DT University Centre Outparcel LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 Easton Market Limited Liability Company , a Delaware limited liability company 
 EMOP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Energy Management Development Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 FT. Collins Partners I, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 
 GS Brentwood LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GS Centennial LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GS DDR LLC, an Ohio limited liability company 
 Hendon/Atlantic Rim Johns Creek, LLC , a Georgia limited liability company 
 Historic Van Ness LLC , a California limited liability company 
 JDN Development Company Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 JDN Development Company, Inc. , a Delaware Corporation 
 JDN Development Investment, L.P., a Georgia limited partnership 
 JDN Development LP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 JDN Real Estate - Cumming, L.P. , a Georgia limited partnership 
 JDN Real Estate - Freehold, L.P. , a Georgia limited partnership 
 JDN Real Estate - Hamilton, L.P. , a Georgia limited partnership 
 JDN Real Estate - Lakeland, L.P. , a Georgia limited partnership 
 JDN Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation 
 JDN Realty Holdings, L.P. , a Georgia limited partnership 
 JDN Realty Investment, L.P. , a Georgia limited partnership 
 JDN Realty LP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Manatee Liquidating Holdco 2 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 - 6 - 

Merriam Town Center Ltd. , an Ohio limited liability company 
 National Property Protection Company , a Vermont corporation 
 Parcel J-1B Limited Partnership , a Virginia limited partnership (inactive but not dissolved) 
 PR II Deer Park Town Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Retail Value Investment Program IIIC Limited Partnership , a Delaware limited partnership 
 Retail Value Investment Program Limited Partnership IIIB , a Delaware limited partnership 
 SCC Addison Canal Parcel LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Addison Place LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Alpha Soda Center LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Apex Strip NC LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 SCC Artesia LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Barrett Corners LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Boca Raton Outparcel LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Boulevard Marketplace LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Briarcroft Center LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 SCC Broadway Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Cape Coral LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Chandler Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Crabapple LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Dividend Trust GP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Dividend Trust LP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC DT TRS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Emmet Street LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Emmet Street II LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Emory Village II LLC a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Fairfax Marketplace LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Fairfax Pointe LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Foxtail Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Hammond Springs LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC La Fiesta Square LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 SCC Lafayette Mercantile LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 SCC Lincoln Avenue Development LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Market Square LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Northsight Plaza LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Parker Keystone LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Parkwood Plaza LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Port Commons LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Bridgeport LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Cosmopolitan LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Encore LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 - 7 - 

SCC Portland Lexis LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Metropolitan LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Park Place LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Pinnacle LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Riverstone LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Streetcar Lofts LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Portland Tanner LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Power and Baseline LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Shops at Boca Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Shops on Montview LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Southtown Center LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Tanglewood LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 SCC Tysons West LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCC Vintage Plaza LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 Shops on Montview LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 ShoreSales LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 S T Property LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Center Limited, an Ohio limited liability company 
 USAA Income Properties IV Trust, a trust organized and existing in Massachusetts 

- 8 - 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 sitc-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-257074, 333-257075) and in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-147270, 333-181442, 333-231319) of SITE Centers Corp. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Cleveland, Ohio February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 sitc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David R. Lukes, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SITE Centers Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 23, 2023 

Date 

/s/ David R. Lukes 

David R. Lukes 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 sitc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Conor Fennerty, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SITE Centers Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 23, 2023 

Date 

/s/ Conor Fennerty 

Conor Fennerty 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 sitc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David R. Lukes, President and Chief Executive Officer of SITE Centers Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 
 (1)	The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), which this certification accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ David R. Lukes 

David R. Lukes 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

February 23, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 sitc-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Conor Fennerty, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SITE Centers Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 
 (1)	The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), which this certification accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ Conor Fennerty 

Conor Fennerty 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

February 23, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sitc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sitc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sitc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sitc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sitc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

