<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_728391_0000728391-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25204218</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>560919</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3228038</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9420863</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5998451</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5484637</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000728391-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301165131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000728391-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000728391
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				351575582
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08644
		FILM NUMBER:		23694495

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MONUMENT CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1595
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3172618261

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MONUMENT CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1595
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IPALCO ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000728391-23-000015.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ipl-20221231.htm
 10-K

ipl-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: )- 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 (The registrant is a voluntary filer. The registrant has filed all applicable reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months.) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 At March 1, 2023, shares of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. common stock, no par value, were outstanding, of which shares were owned by AES U.S. Investments, Inc. and shares were owned by CDP Infrastructures Fund L.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of registrant s Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof. 
 
 2 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. Annual Report on Form 10-K For Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Table of Contents Item No. Page No. GLOSSARY OF TERMS 5 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 8 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 23 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 36 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 36 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 36 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 36 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 36 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 38 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 38 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 39 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 40 
 KEY TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES 46 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 48 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 53 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 54 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 57 
 IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 62 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders' Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock of Subsidiary 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 66 
 Note 1 - Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 66 
 Note 2 - Regulatory Matters 73 
 Note 3 - Property, Plant and Equipment 82 
 Note 4 - Fair Value 83 
 Note 5 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 86 
 Note 6 - Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock 87 
 Note 7 - Debt 90 
 Note 8 - Income Taxes 92 
 Note 9 - Benefit Plans 95 
 Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies 101 
 Note 11 - Related Party Transactions 102 
 Note 12 - Business Segment Information 104 
 
 3 

Note 13 - Revenues 104 
 Note 14 - Leases 106 
 Note 15 - Risks and Uncertainties 107 
 AES INDIANA AND SUBSIDIARIES Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 109 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 112 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 113 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 114 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder's' Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock 115 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 116 
 Note 1 - Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 116 
 Note 2 - Regulatory Matters 122 
 Note 3 - Property, Plant and Equipment 131 
 Note 4 - Fair Value 132 
 Note 5 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 134 
 Note 6 - Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock 135 
 Note 7 - Debt 137 
 Note 8 - Income Taxes 139 
 Note 9 - Benefit Plans 141 
 Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies 147 
 Note 11 - Related Party Transactions 148 
 Note 12 - Business Segment Information 150 
 Note 13 - Revenues 150 
 Note 14 - Leases 152 
 Note 15 - Risks and Uncertainties 153 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 153 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 154 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 154 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 155 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 155 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 155 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 155 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 155 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 155 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 158 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 169 
 SIGNATURES 170 

4 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS The following is a list of frequently used terms, abbreviations or acronyms that are found in this Form 10-K: 2016 Base Rate Order The order issued in March 2016 by the IURC authorizing AES Indiana to, among other things, increase its basic rates and charges by 30.8 million annually 2018 Base Rate Order The order issued in October 2018 by the IURC authorizing AES Indiana to, among other things, increase its basic rates and charges by 43.9 million annually 2020 IPALCO Notes 405 million of 3.45 Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2020 2024 IPALCO Notes 405 million of 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due September 1, 2024 2030 IPALCO Notes 475 million of 4.25 Senior Secured Notes due May 1, 2030 ACE Affordable Clean Energy AES The AES Corporation AES Indiana Indianapolis Power Light Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, which does business as AES Indiana AES Indiana Term Loan Agreement 200 million AES Indiana Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2022 AES U.S. Investments AES U.S. Investments, Inc. AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCL Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ARO Asset Retirement Obligations ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update BIL Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, also known as the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act BTA Best Technology Available CAA U.S. Clean Air Act CCGT Combined Cycle Gas Turbine CCR Coal Combustion Residuals CDPQ CDP Infrastructures Fund L.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec CECL Current Expected Credit Loss CO 2 
 Carbon Dioxide COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
 COVID-19 The disease caused by the novel coronavirus that resulted in a global pandemic beginning in 2020. CPCN Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity CPP Clean Power Plan Credit Agreement 350 million AES Indiana Revolving Credit Facilities Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2022 CSAPR Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Cumulative Deficiencies Cumulative Net Operating Income Deficiencies. The Cumulative Deficiencies calculation provides that only five years' worth of historical earnings deficiencies or surpluses are included, unless it has been greater than five years since the most recent rate case. CWA U.S. Clean Water Act D.C. Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit Defined Benefit Pension Plan Employees Retirement Plan of AES Indiana DOE U.S. Department of Energy DOJ U.S. Department of Justice DSM Demand Side Management ECCRA Environmental Compliance Cost Recovery Adjustment EDG Excess Distributed Generation EGUs Electrical Generating Units ELG Effluent Limitation Guidelines EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPAct Energy Policy Act of 2005 ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 FAC Fuel Adjustment Clause 
 5 

FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Financial Statements Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of IPALCO in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in Part II of this Form 10-K 
 FIP Federal Implementation Plan FRP Facility Response Plan FTRs Financial Transmission Rights GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States GHG Greenhouse Gas HLBV Hypothetical Liquidation Book Value IBEW International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers IBOR Interbank Offered Rate IDEM Indiana Department of Environmental Management IOSHA Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration IPALCO IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries IPALCO Term Loan Agreement 65 million IPALCO Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018 IPL Indianapolis Power Light Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, which does business as AES Indiana IRP Integrated Resource Plan ISO Independent System Operator IURC Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission kWh Kilowatt hours LIBOR London InterBank Offer Rate MATS Mercury and Air Toxics Standards Mid-America Mid-America Capital Resources, Inc. MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. MW Megawatts MWh Megawatt hours NAAQS National Ambient Air Quality Standards NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation NOV Notice of Violation NO x 
 Nitrogen Oxides NPDES National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NSPS New Source Performance Standards NSR New Source Review NWP 12 Nationwide Permit 12 OUCC Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor Pension Plans Employees Retirement Plan of AES Indiana and Supplemental Retirement Plan of AES Indiana PM2.5 Fine particulate matter or particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter less than or equal to a nominal 2.5 micrometers 
 PSD Prevention of Significant Deterioration RF Reliability First 
 RSP AES Retirement Savings Plan RTO Regional Transmission Organization SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as Amended Service Company AES US Services, LLC SIP State Implementation Plan SO 2 
 Sulfur Dioxides SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Supplemental Retirement Plan Supplemental Retirement Plan of AES Indiana 
 6 

TCJA Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 
 TDSIC Transmission, Distribution, and Storage System Improvement Charge Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. 
 Thrift Plan Employees Thrift Plan of AES Indiana URT Utility Receipts Tax U.S. United States of America U.S. SBU AES U.S. Strategic Business Unit USD United States Dollars VEBA Voluntary Employees' Beneficiary Association WOTUS Waters of the U.S. 

PART I 
 
 Throughout this document, the terms the Company, we, us, and our refer to IPALCO and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 We encourage investors, the media, our customers and others interested in the Company to review the information we post at https://www.iplpower.com. None of the information on our website is incorporated into, or deemed to be a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including, in particular, the statements about our plans, strategies and prospects under the headings Item 1. Business, Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements express an expectation or belief and contain a projection, plan or assumption with regard to, among other things, our future revenues, income, expenses or capital structure. Such statements of future events or performance are not guarantees of future performance and involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. The words could, may, predict, anticipate, would, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, project, objective, intend, continue, should, plan, and similar expressions, or the negatives thereof, are intended to identify forward-looking statements unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 Some important factors that could cause our actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 impacts of weather on retail sales; 
 growth in our service territory and changes in retail demand and demographic patterns; 
 weather-related damage to our electrical system; 
 commodity and other input costs; 
 performance of our suppliers; 
 transmission, distribution and generation system reliability and capacity, including natural gas pipeline system and supply constraints; 
 regulatory actions and outcomes, including, but not limited to, the review and approval of our rates and charges by the IURC; 
 federal and state legislation and regulations; 
 changes in our credit ratings or the credit ratings of AES; 
 fluctuations in the value of pension plan assets, fluctuations in pension plan expenses and our ability to fund defined benefit pension plans; 
 changes in financial or regulatory accounting policies; 
 environmental and climate change matters, including costs of compliance with, and liabilities related to, current and future environmental and climate change laws and requirements; 
 interest rates and the use of interest rate hedges, inflation rates and other costs of capital; 
 the availability of capital; 
 the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions to IPALCO Enterprises, Inc.; 
 7 

level of creditworthiness of counterparties to contracts and transactions; 
 labor strikes or other workforce factors, including the ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 facility or equipment maintenance, repairs and capital expenditures; 
 significant delays or unanticipated cost increases associated with construction or other projects; 
 the availability and cost of funds to finance working capital and capital needs, particularly during periods when the time lag between incurring costs and recovery is long and the costs are material; 
 local economic conditions; 
 costs and effects of legal and administrative proceedings, audits, settlements, investigations and claims and the ultimate disposition of litigation, cyberattacks and information security breaches; 
 industry restructuring, deregulation and competition; 
 issues related to our participation in MISO, including the cost associated with membership, our continued ability to recover costs incurred, and the risk of default of other MISO participants; 
 changes in tax laws and the effects of our tax strategies; 
 the use of derivative contracts; 
 product development, technology changes, and changes in prices of products and technologies; 
 catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, terrorist acts, acts of war, pandemic events, including the outbreak of COVID-19, or natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, severe winds, ice or snow storms, droughts, or other similar occurrences; and 
 the risks and other factors discussed in this report and other IPALCO filings with the SEC. 
 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are made. We disclaim any obligation or undertaking to provide any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which the forward-looking statement is based. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be made that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 
 
 All of the above factors are difficult to predict, contain uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and many are beyond our control. See " Item 1A - Risk Factors " to Part I in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section in this Annual Report for a more detailed discussion of the foregoing and certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements and that should be considered in evaluating our outlook. These risks may also be specifically described in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q in Part II - Item 1A, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other documents that we may file from time to time with the SEC. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 IPALCO is a holding company incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana whose principal subsidiary is AES Indiana. AES Indiana is a regulated electric utility operating in the state of Indiana. Substantially all of our business consists of the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy conducted through AES Indiana. Our business segments are utility and all other. All of our operations are conducted within the U.S. and principally within the state of Indiana. Please see Note 12, Business Segment Information to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

AES INDIANA 
 
 IPALCO owns all of the outstanding common stock of AES Indiana. AES Indiana was incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana in 1926. AES Indiana is engaged primarily in generating, transmitting, distributing and selling electric energy to approximately retail customers in the city of Indianapolis and neighboring areas within the state of Indiana. AES Indiana has an exclusive right to provide electric service to those customers. AES Indiana's service area covers about 528 square miles with an estimated population of approximately 971,000. AES Indiana s generation, transmission and distribution facilities, and changes to our sources of electric generation, are further described below under Properties. There have been no significant changes in the services rendered by AES Indiana during 2022. 
 
 AES Indiana is a transmission company member of RF. RF is one of eight Regional Reliability Councils under the NERC, which has been designated as the Electric Reliability Organization under the EPAct. RF seeks to preserve 
 8 

and enhance electric service reliability and security for the interconnected electric systems within the RF geographic area by setting and enforcing electric reliability standards. RF members cooperate under agreements to augment the reliability of its members electricity supply systems in the RF region through coordination of the planning and operation of the members generation and transmission facilities. Smaller electric utility systems, independent power producers and power marketers can participate as full members of RF. 

HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 AES Indiana's employees are essential to delivering and maintaining reliable service to our customers. As of December 31, 2022, AES Indiana had 1,154 employees, of whom 1,086 were full time. Of the total employees, 779 were represented by the IBEW in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. In February 2023, the membership of the IBEW clerical-technical unit ratified a three-year labor agreement with AES Indiana that expires on February 12, 2026. In December 2021, the IBEW physical unit ratified a three-year agreement with AES Indiana that expires on December 4, 2024. Both collective bargaining agreements continue in full force and effect from year to year unless either party provides prior written notice at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration, or anniversary thereof, of its desire to amend or terminate the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, neither IPALCO nor any of its majority-owned subsidiaries other than AES Indiana had any employees. 
 
 Safety 
 
 As part of AES, safety is one of our core values. Conducting safe operations at our facilities, so that each person can return home safely, is the cornerstone of our daily activities and decisions. Safety efforts are led globally by the AES Chief Operating Officer and supported by safety committees that operate at the local site level. Hazards in the workplace are actively identified and management tracks incidents so remedial actions can be taken to improve workplace safety. 
 
 We work with the Safety Management System SMS ), a Global Safety Standard that applies to all AES employees and employees of AES subsidiaries, as well as contractors working in AES facilities and construction projects. The SMS requires continuous safety performance monitoring, risk assessment and performance of periodic integrated environmental, health, and safety audits. The SMS provides a consistent framework for all AES operational businesses and construction projects to set expectations for risk identification and reduction, measure performance, and drive continuous improvements. The SMS standard is consistent with the OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001 standard. 
 Our safety performance is also measured by both leading and lagging metrics. Our leading safety metrics track safety observations, safety meeting engagement and the reporting of non-injury near misses. Our lagging safety metrics track lost workday cases, severity rate, and recordable incidents. We are committed to excellence in safety and have implemented various programs to increase safety awareness and improve work practices. 
 
 Talent 
 
 We believe our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of key employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. We have a comprehensive approach to managing our talent and developing our leaders in order to ensure our people have the right skills for today and tomorrow, whether that requires us to build new business models or leverage leading technologies. 
 
 We emphasize employee development and training. To empower employees, we provide a range of development programs and opportunities, skills, and resources they need to be successful by focusing on experience and exposure, as well as formal programs including the AES' ACE Academy for Talent Development, and our Trainee Program. 
 
 We believe that our individual differences make us stronger. Our Global Diversity and Inclusion Program is led by the AES Diversity and Inclusion Officer. Governance and standards are guided by the AES Chief Human Resources Officer, with input from members of AES' Executive Leadership Team. 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Our compensation philosophy emphasizes pay-for-performance. Our incentive plans are designed to reward strong performance, with greater compensation paid when performance exceeds expectations and less compensation paid 
 9 

when performance falls below expectations. We invest significant time and resources to ensure our compensation programs are competitive and reward the performance of our people. Every year, our people who are not part of a collective bargaining agreement are eligible for an annual merit-based salary increase. In addition, individuals are eligible for a salary increase if they receive a significant promotion. For non-collectively bargained employees at certain levels in the organization, we offer annual incentives (bonus) and long-term compensation to reinforce the alignment between employees and AES. 

SERVICE COMPANY 
 
 The Service Company provides services including operations, accounting, legal, human resources, information technology and other corporate services on behalf of companies that are part of the U.S. SBU, including among other companies, IPALCO and AES Indiana. The Service Company allocates the costs for these services based on cost drivers designed to result in fair and equitable allocations. This includes ensuring that the regulated utilities served, including AES Indiana, are not subsidizing costs incurred for the benefit of other businesses. Please see Note 11, Related Party Transactions Service Company to the Financial Statements and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 

PROPERTIES 
 
 Our executive offices are located at One Monument Circle, Indianapolis, Indiana. This facility and the remainder of our material properties in our business and operations are owned directly by AES Indiana. The following is a description of these material properties. 
 
 We own two distribution service centers in Indianapolis. We also own the building in Indianapolis that houses our customer service center. 
 
 We own and operate four generating stations, all within the state of Indiana. Our largest generating station, Petersburg, is coal-fired. AES Indiana retired 230 MW Petersburg Unit 1 on May 31, 2021 and has plans to retire 415 MW Petersburg Unit 2 in 2023, which would result in 630 MW of total retired economic capacity at this station . AES Indiana plans to convert the remaining two coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025 (for further discussion, see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). The second largest station, Harding Street, uses natural gas and fuel oil to power combustion turbines. In addition, AES Indiana operates a 20 MW battery energy storage unit at this location, which provides frequency response. The third station, Eagle Valley, is a CCGT natural gas plant. The fourth station, Georgetown, is a small peaking station that uses natural gas to power combustion turbines. For electric generation, the net winter design capacity is 3,475 MW and net summer design capacity is 3,330 MW. Our highest summer peak level of 3,139 MW was recorded in August 2007 and the highest winter peak level of 2,971 MW was recorded in January 2009. 
 
 Our sources of electric generation are as follows: 
 Fuel Name Number of Units Winter Capacity (MW) Summer Capacity (MW) Location Coal Petersburg (1) 
 3 1,479 1,479 Pike County, Indiana Total 3 1,479 1,479 Gas Harding Street 6 1,026 963 Marion County, Indiana Eagle Valley 1 709 679 Morgan County, Indiana Georgetown 2 200 158 Marion County, Indiana Total 9 1,935 1,800 Oil Petersburg 3 8 8 Pike County, Indiana Harding Street 3 53 43 Marion County, Indiana Total 6 61 51 Grand Total 18 3,475 3,330 
 10 

1) AES Indiana retired 230 MW Petersburg Unit 1 on May 31, 2021 and has plans to retire 415 MW Petersburg Unit 2 in 2023. AES Indiana plans to convert the remaining two coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025 (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation ). 
 
 Net electrical generation during 2022 at our Petersburg, Eagle Valley, Harding Street and Georgetown plants accounted for approximately 59.2 , 28.9 , 11.5 and 0.4 , respectively, of our total net generation. Even though the capacity of our Harding Street plant far exceeds that of the Eagle Valley CCGT plant, we expect the generation at Eagle Valley to continue to far exceed that of Harding Street due to the relatively lower cost to produce electricity at Eagle Valley. 
 
 In 2021, AES Indiana completed the acquisition of a MW solar project ("Hardy Hills Solar Project") to be developed in Clinton County, Indiana and executed an agreement to acquire and develop a MW solar and MWh energy storage facility ("Petersburg Solar Project") to be developed in Pike County, Indiana (see further discussion in Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . The following table summarizes these projects that have not yet been placed into service: 
 
 Type Project Name Solar Capacity (MW) Storage Capacity (MWh) Date filed with IURC Date of IURC approval Estimated Completion Location Solar Hardy Hills Solar Project 195 2/12/2021 6/16/2021 2024 Clinton County, Indiana Solar Storage Petersburg Solar Project 250 180 7/30/2021 11/24/2021 2025 Pike County, Indiana 
 
 Our electric system is directly interconnected with the electric systems of Indiana Michigan Power Company, CenterPoint Indiana (formerly Vectren Corporation), Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc., and the electric system jointly owned by Duke Energy Indiana, Indiana Municipal Power Agency and Wabash Valley Power Association, Inc. Our transmission system includes 458 circuit miles of 345,000 volt lines and 408 circuit miles of 138,000 volt lines. The distribution system consists of 5,202 circuit miles of underground primary and secondary cables and 6,206 circuit miles of overhead primary and secondary wire. Underground street lighting facilities include 780 circuit miles of underground cable. Also included in the system are 132 substations. Depending on the voltage levels at the substation, some substations may be considered both a bulk power substation and a distribution substation. There are 73 bulk power substations and 104 distribution substations; 52 substations are considered both bulk power and distribution substations. 
 
 All critical facilities we own are well maintained, in good condition and meet our present needs. Our plants generally have enough capacity to meet the daily needs of our retail customers when all of our units are available. During periods when our generating capacity is not sufficient to meet our retail demand, or when MISO provides a lower cost alternative to some of our available generation, we purchase power on the MISO wholesale market. 

SEASONALITY 
 
 The electric utility business is affected by seasonal weather patterns throughout the year and, therefore, the operating revenues and associated operating expenses are not generated evenly by month during the year. AES Indiana s business is not dependent on any single customer or group of customers. Additionally, retail kWh sales, after adjustments for weather variations, are impacted by changes in service territory economic activity, the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the number of retail customers we have, as well as DSM energy efficiency programs implemented by AES Indiana. For the ten years ending in 2022, AES Indiana s retail kWh sales have decreased at a compound annual rate of 0.6 . This decrease also includes the demand impacts of COVID-19 in 2020, 2021 and 2022. Conversely, the number of our retail customers grew at a compound annual rate of 0.9 during that same period. Going forward, we expect modest retail kWh sales growth annually, which will continue to be negatively impacted by our DSM programs. Please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters DSM to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details. AES Indiana s electricity sales for 2018 through 2022 are set forth in the table of statistical information included at the end of this section. 
 
 Weather and Weather-Related Damage in our Service Area 
 
 Extreme high and low temperatures in our service area have a significant impact on revenues as many of our retail customers use electricity to power air conditioners, electric furnaces and heat pumps. The impact on customers is 
 11 

partially mitigated by our declining block rate structure, which generally provides for residential and commercial customers to be charged a lower per kWh rate at higher consumption levels. Therefore, as volumes increase, the weighted average price per kWh decreases. The effect is generally more significant with high temperatures than with low temperatures as many of our customers use gas heat. In addition, because extreme temperatures have the effect of increasing demand for electricity, the wholesale price for electricity generally increases during periods of extreme hot or cold weather, however 100 of annual wholesale margins AES Indiana earns above (or below) the benchmark of 16.3 million are passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rider. 
 
 Storm activity can also have an adverse effect on our operating performance. Severe storms often damage transmission and distribution equipment, thereby causing power outages, which reduce revenues and increase repair costs. Partially mitigating this impact is AES Indiana s ability to timely recover certain operation and maintenance repair costs related to severe storms. In our 2016 and 2018 Base Rate Orders, we received approval for a storm damage restoration reserve account that allows us to defer major storm costs over a benchmark that meet certain criteria considered to be severe, for recovery in a future basic rate proceeding. Because AES Indiana's basic rates and charges include an annual amount for recovery for such severe storm costs, if actual severe storm costs are below that level, AES Indiana will record a regulatory liability for the shortfall to be passed to customers in a future basic rate proceeding. Conversely, if AES Indiana's major storm costs are above the level in basic rates, AES Indiana will defer the excess for future recovery. 

MISO OPERATIONS 
 
 AES Indiana is one of many transmission system owner members in MISO. MISO is a RTO which maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and manages one of the largest energy and ancillary services markets in the U.S. MISO policies are developed, in part, through a stakeholder process in which we are an active participant. We focus our participation in this process primarily on items that could impact our customers, shared cost of transmission expansion, resource adequacy, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, we participate in the process to impact MISO and FERC policy by filing comments with MISO, the FERC, or the IURC. 
 
 MISO has functional control of our transmission facilities and our transmission operations are integrated with those of MISO. Our participation and authority to sell wholesale power at market-based rates are subject to the FERC jurisdiction. Transmission service over our facilities is provided through MISO s tariff. 
 
 As a member of MISO, we offer our available electricity production of each of our generation assets into the MISO day-ahead and real-time markets. MISO dispatches generation assets in economic order considering transmission constraints and other reliability issues to meet the total demand in the MISO region. MISO settles hourly offers and bids based on locational marginal prices, which is pricing for energy at a given location based on a market clearing price that takes into account physical limitations, generation and demand throughout the MISO region. MISO evaluates the market participants energy offers and demand bids optimizing for energy and ancillary services products to economically and reliably dispatch the entire MISO system. The IURC has authorized AES Indiana to recover its ongoing costs from MISO and such costs are being recovered per specific rate orders. The unamortized balance of total MISO costs deferred as regulatory assets was 44.6 million and 59.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We have preserved our right to withdraw from MISO by tendering our Notice of Withdrawal (subject to the FERC and the IURC approval). We have made no decision to seek withdrawal from MISO at this time. We will continue to assess the relative costs and benefits of being a MISO member, as well as actively advocate for our positions through the existing MISO stakeholder process and in filings with the FERC or IURC. 
 
 See also Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details on the regulatory oversight of the FERC and the IURC . 

REGULATION 
 
 General 
 
 AES Indiana is a regulated public utility principally engaged in providing electric service to the Indianapolis metropolitan area. An inherent business risk facing any regulated public utility is that of unexpected or adverse regulatory action. Regulatory discretion is reasonably broad in Indiana, as it is elsewhere. We attempt to work 
 12 

cooperatively with regulators and those who participate in the regulatory process, while remaining vigilant in protecting or asserting our legal rights in the regulatory process. We take an active role in addressing regulatory policy issues in the current regulatory environment. Additionally, there is increased activity by environmental regulators, in particular under a President Biden administration, which has had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operations and financial statements for the foreseeable future. We maintain our books and records consistent with GAAP reflecting the impact of regulation. See Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Retail Ratemaking 
 
 AES Indiana s tariff rates for electric service to retail customers consist of basic rates and charges which are set and approved by the IURC after public hearings. In addition, AES Indiana s rates include various adjustment mechanisms including, but not limited to: (i) a rider to reflect changes in fuel and purchased power costs to meet AES Indiana s retail load requirements, referred to as the FAC, (ii) a rider for the timely recovery of costs (including a return) incurred to comply with environmental laws and regulations, referred to as the ECCRA, (iii) a rider to reflect changes in ongoing MISO costs, referred to as the RTO Adjustment, (iv) a rider to reflect changes in net capacity sales above and below an established annual benchmark of 11.3 million, referred to as the Capacity Adjustment, (v) a rider for passing through to customers wholesale sales margins above and below an established annual benchmark of 16.3 million, referred to as the Off-System Sales Margin Adjustment, (vi) a rider for a return on and of investments for eligible TDSIC improvements, and (vii) cost recovery, lost margin recoveries and performance incentives from our DSM programs. Each of these tariff rate components may be set and approved by the IURC in separate proceedings at different points in time (currently the FAC proceedings occur on a quarterly basis and AES Indiana's other rider proceedings all occur on an annual basis). These components function somewhat independently of one another, but the overall structure of our rates and charges would be subject to review at the time of any review of our basic rates and charges. 
 
 For additional discussion of the regulatory environment related to our business, see the discussion in Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials, including ash; the use and discharge of water used in generation boilers and for cooling purposes; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials, including GHGs, into the environment; climate change; and the health and safety of our employees. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. Violation of these laws, regulations or permits can result in substantial fines, other sanctions, suspension or revocation of permits and/or facility shutdowns. There can be no assurance that we have been or will be at all times in full compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. 
 
 Where no accrued liability has been recognized, it is reasonably possible that some matters could be decided unfavorably to us and could require us to pay damages or make expenditures in amounts that could be material but could not be estimated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to enforcement actions for claims of noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations. AES Indiana cannot assure that it will be successful in defending against any claim of noncompliance. However, we do not believe any currently open environmental investigations will result in fines material to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to contamination at our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites. We could also be held liable for human exposure to hazardous substances or for other environmental damage. Our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A discussion of the legislative and regulatory initiatives most likely to affect us follows. 

13 

MATS 
 
 In April 2012, the EPA s rule to establish maximum achievable control technology standards for hazardous air pollutants regulated under the CAA emitted from coal and oil-fired electric utilities, known as MATS , became effective. AES Indiana management developed and implemented a plan, which was approved by the IURC, to comply with this rule and all four Petersburg units have been and remain in compliance with the MATS rule since applicable deadlines. 
 
 In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court remanded MATS to the D.C. Circuit due to the EPA s failure to consider costs before deciding to regulate power plants under Section 112 of the CAA and subsequently remanded MATS to the EPA without vacatur. On May 22, 2020, the EPA published a final finding that it is not appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutant emissions from coal- and oil-fired electric generating units (EGUs) (reversing its prior 2016 finding), but that the EPA would not remove the source category from the CAA Section 112(c) list of source categories and would not change the MATS requirements. Several petitioners have filed for judicial review of the final finding and the D.C. Circuit, on February 16, 2021, granted EPA's request that the rule be held in abeyance pending the EPA's review. On February 9, 2022, the EPA published a proposed rule to revoke its May 2020 finding and reaffirm its 2016 finding that it is appropriate and necessary to regulate these emissions. Further rulemakings and/or proceedings are possible; however, in the meantime, MATS remains in effect. We currently cannot predict the outcome of the regulatory or judicial process, or its impact, if any, on our MATS compliance planning or ultimate costs. 
 
 Waste Management and CCR 
 
 In the course of operations, our facilities generate solid and liquid waste materials requiring eventual disposal or processing. Waste materials generated at our electric power and distribution facilities include asbestos, CCR, oil, scrap metal, rubbish, small quantities of industrial hazardous wastes such as spent solvents, tree-and-land-clearing wastes and polychlorinated biphenyl contaminated liquids and solids. We endeavor to ensure that all our solid and liquid wastes are disposed of in accordance with applicable national, regional, state and local regulations. With the exception of CCR, we do not usually physically dispose of waste materials on our property. Instead, they are usually shipped off-site for final disposal, treatment or recycling. Some of our CCRs are beneficially used on-site and offsite, including as a raw material for production of wallboard, and concrete or cement, and some are disposed off-site in permitted disposal facilities. A small amount of CCR, which consists of bottom ash, fly ash and air pollution control wastes, is disposed of at our Petersburg coal-fired power generation plant using an engineered, permitted landfill. 
 
 The EPA's final CCR rule became effective in October 2015 (the "CCR Rule"). Generally, the rule regulates CCR as nonhazardous solid waste and establishes national minimum criteria for existing and new CCR landfills and existing and new CCR ash ponds, including location restrictions, design and operating criteria, groundwater monitoring, corrective action and closure requirements and post-closure care. The 2016 Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act ("WIIN Act") includes provisions to implement the CCR rule through a state permitting program, or if the state chooses not to participate, a federal permit program. On February 20, 2020, the EPA published a proposed rule to establish a federal CCR permit program that would operate in states without approved CCR permit programs. If this rule is finalized before Indiana establishes a final state-level CCR permit program, AES Indiana could eventually be required to apply for a federal CCR permit from the EPA. On December 21, 2022, IDEM published in the Indiana Register a Second Notice of Comment Period for its proposed CCR rulemaking which would include regulation of CCR through a state permitting program. 
 
 The EPA has indicated that they will implement a phased approach to amending the CCR Rule, which is ongoing. On August 28, 2020, the EPA published the CCR Part A Rule that, among other amendments, required certain CCR units to cease waste receipt and initiate closure by April 11, 2021. The CCR Part A Rule also allowed for extensions of the April 11, 2021 deadline if EPA determines certain criteria are met. Facilities seeking such an extension were required to submit a demonstration to EPA by November 30, 2020. On January 11, 2022, EPA released its first in a series of proposed and final determinations regarding CCR Part A Rule demonstrations and compliance-related letters notifying certain other facilities of their compliance obligations under the federal CCR regulations. On April 8, 2022, petitions for review were filed challenging these EPA actions. The petitions are consolidated in Electric Energy, Inc. v. EPA. While AES Indiana has not received a proposed determination nor a letter, the determinations and letters include interpretations regarding implementation of the CCR Rule. It is too early to determine the impact of these letters or any determinations that may be made. 
 
 14 

The CCR Rule, current or proposed amendments to the CCR Rule, Indiana CCR regulations, the results of groundwater monitoring data or the outcome of CCR-related litigation could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We would seek recovery of any resulting expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful in this regard. See Note 3, " Property, Plant and Equipment - ARO " and Note 10, " Commitments and Contingencies - Coal Ash Insurance Litigation " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 Regional Haze Rule 
 
 EPA s 1999 Regional Haze Rule established timelines for states to improve visibility in national parks and wilderness areas throughout the United States by establishing reasonable progress goals toward meeting a national goal of natural visibility conditions in Class I areas by the year 2064 through submittal of a series of state implementation plans (SIPs). Indiana s SIP for the first planning period (through 2018) did not require any additional controls to be installed or operated on AES Indiana generating facilities. For all future SIP planning periods, states must evaluate whether additional emissions reduction measures may be needed to continue making reasonable progress toward natural visibility conditions. The deadline for submittal of the SIP covering the second planning period was extended to July 31, 2021. While Indiana did not meet this deadline, on December 22, 2021, IDEM submitted its Indiana's Regional Haze SIP for the Second Implementation Period to EPA for review and approval. The SIP does not include additional requirements for AES Indiana EGUs or for other EGUs in Indiana. However, we cannot predict the possible outcome or potential impacts of this matter at this time. We would seek recovery of capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 Environmental Wastewater Requirements 
 
 In November 2015, the EPA published its final ELG rule to reduce toxic pollutants discharged into waterways by steam-electric power plants through technology applications. The wastewater treatment technologies installed and operated for compliance with the requirements of the October 2012 NPDES permit described above and the dry bottom ash handling system installed for compliance with the CCR Rule at Petersburg meet the requirements of the final ELG rule. However, it is too early to determine whether any outcome of litigation or current or future revisions to the ELG rule might have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In June 2016, the EPA published the final national chronic aquatic life criterion for the pollutant, selenium, in fresh 
 water. On August 11, 2021, updates to IDEM s water quality criteria for specific metals, including selenium, were adopted as final to reflect EPA s criterion. AES Indiana facilities NPDES permits may be updated to include selenium water-quality based effluent limits based on a site-specific evaluation process, which includes determining if there is a reasonable potential to exceed the revised final selenium water quality standards for the specific receiving water body utilizing actual and/or projected discharge information for the AES Indiana generating facilities. As a result, it is not yet possible to predict the potential impacts of this criteria. However, if additional capital expenditures are necessary, they could be material. We would seek recovery of these capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 "Waters of the U.S." and Navigable Waters Protection Rules 
 
 In June 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ("the agencies") published a rule defining federal 
 jurisdiction over waters of the U.S., known as the "Waters of the U.S." (WOTUS) rule. This rule, which initially became effective in August 2015, could expand or otherwise change the number and types of waters or features subject to CWA permitting. However, after repealing the 2015 WOTUS rule on October 22, 2019, the agencies, on April 21, 2020, issued the final Navigable Waters Protection (NWP) rule which again revised the definition of waters of the U.S. On August 30, 2021, the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona issued an order vacating and remanding the NWP Rule. This vacatur of the NWP Rule applies nationwide. As such, the agencies are interpreting waters of the U.S. consistent with the pre-2015 regulatory regime until further notice. On January 18, 2023, the Agencies published a final rule to define the scope of waters regulated under the CWA. The rule restores regulations defining WOTUS that were in place prior to 2015, with updates intended to be consistent with relevant U.S. Supreme Court decisions. On January 24, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari on a wetlands case Sackett v. EPA on the limited question of: whether the Ninth Circuit set forth the proper test for determining whether wetlands are waters of the United States under the Clean Water Act. The Ninth Circuit employed Justice Kennedy s significant nexus test from his concurring opinion in the 2006 Rapanos v. United States decision; the plurality opinion in Rapanos required a water body to have a continuous surface connection with a water of the United States in order to be considered a wetland covered by the CWA. In Sackett v. EPA , the Court may finally provide clarity on which of these two tests from the 2006 Rapanos decision controls. It is too early to determine 
 15 

whether any outcome of litigation or current or future revisions to rules interpreting federal jurisdiction over waters over the U.S. might have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Endangered Species Act 
 
 On November 30, 2022, US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) published a final rule reclassifying the northern long-eared bat (NLEB) from threatened to endangered under the Endangered Species Act. The classification will become effective March 31, 2023. The NLEB is found in all or portions of 37 U.S. states in the eastern and north central United States, including Indiana. This reclassification may result in the need to obtain a permit or take other measures if the Company conducts activities in the range of the NLEB. It is too early to determine whether this rule might have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Climate Change Legislation and Regulation 
 
 One byproduct of burning coal and other fossil fuels is the emission of GHGs, including CO 2 . We face certain risks related to existing and potential international, federal, state, regional and local GHG legislation and regulations, including risks related to increased capital expenditures or other compliance costs which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The possible impact of any existing or future international, federal, regional or state GHG legislation, regulations or proposals will depend on various factors, including but not limited to: 
 
 The geographic scope of legislation and/or regulation (e.g., international, federal, regional, state), which entities are subject to the legislation and/or regulation (e.g., electricity generators, load-serving entities, electricity deliverers, etc.), the enactment date of the legislation and/or regulation and the compliance deadlines set forth therein; 
 The level of reductions of GHGs being sought by the regulation and/or legislation (e.g., 10 , 20 , 50 , etc.) and the year selected as a baseline for determining the amount or percentage of mandated GHG reduction (e.g., 10 reduction from 1990 emission levels, 20 reduction from 2000 emission levels, etc.); 
 The legislative and/or regulatory structure (e.g., a GHG cap-and-trade program, a carbon tax, GHG emission limits, etc.); 
 In any cap-and-trade program, the mechanism used to determine the price of emission allowances or offsets to be auctioned by designated governmental authorities or representatives; 
 The price of offsets and emission allowances in the secondary market, including any price floors or price caps on the costs of offsets and emission allowances; 
 The operation of and emissions from regulated units; 
 The permissibility of using offsets to meet reduction requirements and the requirements of such offsets (e.g., type of offset projects allowed, the amount of offsets that can be used for compliance purposes, any geographic limitations regarding the origin or location of creditable offset projects), as well as the methods required to determine whether the offsets have resulted in reductions in GHG emissions and that those reductions are permanent (i.e., the verification method); 
 Whether the use of proceeds of any auction conducted by responsible governmental authorities is reinvested in developing new energy technologies, is used to offset any cost impact on certain energy consumers or is used to address issues unrelated to power; 
 How the price of electricity is determined, including whether the price includes any costs resulting from any new climate change legislation and the potential to transfer compliance costs pursuant to legislation, market or contract, to other parties; 
 Any impact on fuel demand and volatility that may affect the market clearing price for power; 
 The effects of any legislation or regulation on the operation of power generation facilities that may in turn affect reliability; 
 The availability and cost of carbon control technology; 
 Whether any federal legislation regulating GHG emissions will preclude the EPA from regulating GHG emissions under the CAA or preempt private nuisance suits or other litigation by third parties; 
 Any opportunities to change the use of fuel at the generation facilities or opportunities to increase efficiency; and 
 Our ability to recover any resulting costs from our customers and the timing of such recovery. 
 
 Except as noted in the discussion below, at this time, we cannot estimate the costs of compliance with existing, proposed or potential international, federal, state or regional GHG emissions reductions legislation or initiatives due 
 16 

in part to the fact that many of these proposals are in earlier stages of development and any final laws or regulations, if adopted, could vary drastically from current proposals. Any international, federal, state or regional legislation adopted in the U.S. that would require the reduction of GHG emissions could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 In the past, the U.S. Congress has considered several different draft bills pertaining to GHG legislation, including comprehensive GHG legislation that would impact many industries and more limited legislation focusing only on the utility and electric generation industry. Although no legislation pertaining to GHG emissions has been passed to date by the U.S. Congress, similar legislation may be considered or passed by the U.S. Congress in the future. In addition, in the past Midwestern state governors (including the Governor of Indiana) and the premier of Manitoba, Canada committed to reduce GHG emissions through the implementation of a cap-and-trade program pursuant to the Midwestern Greenhouse Gas Reduction Accord. Though the participating states and province are no longer pursuing this commitment, similar applicable state or regional initiatives may be pursued in the future. 
 
 The final NSPS for CO 2 emissions from new, modified and reconstructed fossil-fuel-fired power plants were published in the Federal Register on October 23, 2015. Several states and industry groups challenged the NSPS for CO 2 in the D.C. Circuit Court. On December 20, 2018, the EPA published proposed revisions to the final NSPS for new, modified and reconstructed coal-fired electric utility steam generating units. The EPA proposed that the Best System of Emissions Reduction (BSER) for these units is highly efficient generation that would be equivalent to supercritical steam conditions for larger units and sub-critical steam conditions for smaller units, and not partial carbon capture and sequestration (CCS), which had been the BSER for these units in the 2015 final NSPS . The EPA did not include revisions for natural-gas combined cycle or simple cycle units in the December 20, 2018 proposal. In January 2021, EPA issued a final rule determining when standards are appropriate for GHG emissions from stationary source categories for new sources but did not take final action on the 2018 proposal to revise the 2015 final NSPS. On April 5, 2021, the D.C. Circuit vacated and remanded the final January 2021 final rule. Challenges to the GHG NSPS remain held in abeyance at this time. 
 
 On August 31, 2018, the EPA published in the Federal Register proposed Emission Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Existing Electric Utility Generating Units, known as the ACE Rule. On July 8, 2019, the EPA published the final ACE Rule along with associated revisions to implementing regulations. The final ACE Rule established CO 2 emission rules for existing power plants under CAA Section 111(d) and replaced the EPA's 2015 CPP, which among other things, had called on states to mandate that power companies shift electricity generation to lower or zero carbon fuel sources. In accordance with the ACE rule, the EPA determined that heat rate improvement measures are the Best System of Emissions Reductions for existing coal-fired electric generating units. The final rule required the State of Indiana to develop a State Plan to establish CO 2 emission limits for designated facilities, including AES Indiana Petersburg's coal-fired electric generating units. States had three years to develop their plans under the rule. However, on January 19, 2021, the D.C. Circuit vacated and remanded to EPA the ACE Rule, but withheld issuance of the mandate that would effectuate its decision. On February 22, 2021, the D.C. Circuit granted EPA s unopposed motion for a partial stay of the issuance of the mandate on vacating the repeal of the CPP. On March 5, 2021, the D.C. Circuit issued the partial mandate effectuating the vacatur of the ACE Rule. In effect, the CPP did not take effect while EPA is addressing the remand of the ACE rule by promulgating a new Section 111(d) rule to regulate greenhouse gases from existing electric generating units. On October 29, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court granted petitions to review the decision by the D.C. Circuit to vacate the ACE Rule. On June 30, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the judgment of the D.C. Circuit Court and remanded for further proceedings consistent with its opinion. The opinion held that the generation shifting approach in the CPP exceeded the authority granted to EPA by Congress under Section 111(d) of the CAA. As a result of the June 30, 2022 U.S. Supreme Court decision, on October 27, 2022, the D.C. Circuit recalled its March 5, 2021 partial mandate and issued a new partial mandate holding pending challenges to the ACE Rule in abeyance while EPA develops a replacement rule. The impact of the results of further proceedings and potential future greenhouse gas emissions regulations remains uncertain, but it could be material. 
 
 Due to the uncertainty of these regulations, and existing and potential associated litigation, it is too early to determine the potential impact, but any rule could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We would seek recovery of any resulting capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful in this regard. 
 
 On the international level, on December 12, 2015, 195 nations, including the U.S., finalized the text of an international climate change accord in Paris, France (the Paris Agreement ), which agreement was signed and officially entered into on April 22, 2016. The Paris Agreement calls for countries to set their own GHG emissions 
 17 

targets, make these emissions targets more stringent over time and be transparent about the GHG emissions reporting and the measures each country will use to achieve its GHG emissions targets. A long-term goal of the Paris Agreement is to limit global temperature increase to well below two degrees Celsius from temperatures in the pre-industrial era. The U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Agreement became effective on November 4, 2020. However, on January 20, 2021, President Biden signed and submitted an instrument for the U.S. to rejoin the Paris Agreement, which became effective on February 19, 2021. In November 2022, the international community gathered in Egypt at the 27th Conference to the Parties on the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change COP27 ), during which multiple announcements were made, including the establishment of a loss and damage fund to support vulnerable countries dealing with the effects of climate change and certain pledges in the area of climate finance. 
 
 Based on the above, there is some uncertainty with respect to the impact of GHG rules on AES Indiana. The NSPS will not require us to comply with an emissions standard until we construct a new electric generating unit. We do not have any planned major modifications of an existing source or plans to construct a new major source which are expected to be subject to these regulations at this time. Furthermore, the EPA, states and other utilities are still evaluating potential impacts of the GHG regulations in our industry. In light of these uncertainties, we cannot predict the impact of the EPA s current and future GHG regulations on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, but it could be material. 
 
 Unit Retirements and Replacement Generation 
 
 Four coal-fired units at AES Indiana s Eagle Valley Station site in Indiana were retired in April 2016. AES Indiana replaced this generation with a 671 MW CCGT at the Eagle Valley site, which was completed in April 2018, at a cost of 597 million. AES Indiana also completed a refuel of its Harding Street Station Units 5, 6 and 7 from coal to natural gas (approximately 610 total MW net capacity) at a total cost of approximately 105 million. The Harding Street 5 and 6 refueling projects were completed in December 2015 and the Harding Street 7 refuel was completed in the second quarter of 2016. The costs to build and operate the CCGT and the Harding Street Station refueling projects, including a return, are reflected in the basic rates and charges from AES Indiana's 2018 Base Rate Order effective on December 5, 2018. 
 
 In December 2019, AES Indiana filed its 2019 IRP, which included plans to retire approximately MW of coal-fired generation at Petersburg Units 1 and 2 in 2021 and 2023, respectively. AES Indiana retired 230 MW Petersburg Unit 1 on May 31, 2021. AES Indiana filed its 2022 IRP with the IURC in December 2022. The 2022 IRP short-term action plan includes converting the two remaining coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025. Additionally, AES Indiana plans to add up to 1,300 MW of wind, solar, and battery energy storage by 2027. For further discussion, see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation - 2022 IRP" to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 New Source Review and Other CAA NOVs 
 
 See Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies - Environmental Loss Contingencies - New Source Review and other CAA NOVs to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 
 
 CSAPR and 2015 Ozone NAAQS FIP 
 
 CSAPR, which became effective in January 2015, addresses the "good neighbor" provision of the CAA, which prohibits sources within each state from emitting any air pollutant in an amount which will contribute significantly to any other state s nonattainment, or interference with maintenance of, any NAAQS. The CSAPR is implemented, in part, through a market-based program under which compliance may be achievable through the acquisition and use of emissions allowances created by the EPA. In October 2016, the EPA published a final rule to update the CSAPR to address the 2008 ozone NAAQS CSAPR Update Rule ). The CSAPR Update Rule found that NO x ozone season emissions in 22 states (including Indiana) affect the ability of downwind states to attain and maintain the 2008 ozone NAAQS, and accordingly, the EPA issued federal implementation plans that both generally provide updated CSAPR NO x ozone season emission budgets for electric generating units within these states and that implement these budgets through modifications to the CSAPR NO x ozone season allowance trading program. Implementation began in the 2017 ozone season and affected facilities receive fewer ozone season NO x allowances beginning in 2017. Following legal challenges related to the CSAPR Update Rule, on April 30, 2021, EPA issued the Revised CSAPR Update Rule. The Revised CSAPR Update Rule required affected EGUs within certain states (including Indiana) to participate in a new trading program, the CSAPR NO x Ozone Season Group 3 trading 
 18 

program. These affected EGUs received fewer ozone season NO x Ozone Season allowances beginning in 2021, which may result in the need to purchase additional allowances. 
 
 On April 6, 2022, the EPA published a proposed Federal Implementation Plan ("FIP") to address air quality impacts with respect to the 2015 Ozone NAAQS. The rule would establish a revised CSAPR NO x Ozone Season Group 3 trading program for 25 states, including Indiana. In addition to other requirements, if finalized, EGUs in these states would begin receiving fewer allowances as soon as 2023, which may result in the need to purchase additional allowances. 
 
 At this time we cannot predict what the impact of these rule revisions or potential future legal outcomes, but any such impact could be material to our business, financial condition or results of operation. 
 
 NAAQS 
 
 Under the CAA, the EPA sets NAAQS for six criteria pollutants considered harmful to public health and the environment, including particulate matter, NO x , ozone and SO 2 , which result from fossil-fuel combustion. Areas meeting the NAAQS are designated attainment areas while those that do not meet the NAAQS are considered nonattainment areas. Each state must develop a plan to bring nonattainment areas into compliance with the NAAQS, which may include imposing operating limits on individual plants. The EPA is required to review NAAQS at five-year intervals. 
 
 Ozone. In October 2015, the EPA published a final rule lowering the NAAQS for ozone to 70 parts per billion from 75 parts per billion. The EPA published its final designations for the areas in which our operations are located on November 16, 2017. None of our operations are located in areas designated as nonattainment. 
 
 In March 2018, the state of New York submitted a petition to the EPA pursuant to Section 126 of the CAA requesting new limitations on NO x emissions from dozens of upwind generating stations, including AES Indiana's Petersburg, Harding Street, and Eagle Valley stations on the basis that they are contributing significantly to New York s ability to meet the 2008 ozone NAAQS. On July 14, 2020, the D.C. Circuit Court vacated and remanded EPA s denial of the petition. EPA must now issue a new decision based on the Court s decision. If the Section 126 petition is ultimately granted, our units could be subject to additional requirements, which could be material. We would seek recovery of any resulting capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 Fine Particulate Matter. In 2013, the EPA published the 2012 annual PM2.5 standard of 12 micrograms per cubic meter of air and the 24-hour PM2.5 standard of 35 micrograms per cubic meter of air. In 2015, the EPA published its final attainment designations for the 2012 PM2.5 standard. In addition to the PM2.5 standard, there is also a 24-hour PM10 standard of 150 micrograms per cubic meter of air. No AES Indiana operations are currently located in nonattainment areas. On January 27, 2023, the EPA published a proposed rule to lower the primary annual PM2.5 NAAQS from 12 micrograms per cubic meter to a level between 9 and 10 micrograms per cubic meter and to maintain other PM NAAQS at current levels. 
 
 SO 2 . In 2010, a new one-hour SO 2 primary NAAQS became effective. In 2015, IDEM published its final rule establishing reduced SO 2 limits for AES Indiana facilities in accordance with the 2010 one-hour standard with compliance required by January 1, 2017. Improvements to the existing FGD systems at Petersburg station were required to meet the emission limits imposed by the rule. All areas in which AES Indiana operates have been subsequently redesignated and are no longer designated as nonattainment. 
 
 Based on these current and potential national ambient air quality standards, the state of Indiana is required to determine whether certain areas within the state meet the NAAQS. With respect to Marion, Morgan and Pike Counties, as well as any other areas determined to be in "nonattainment," the state of Indiana will be required to modify its State Implementation Plan to detail how the state will regain its attainment status. As part of this process, it is possible that the IDEM or the EPA may require reductions of emissions from our generating stations to reach attainment status for ozone, fine particulate matter or SO 2 . At this time, we cannot predict what the impact will be to AES Indiana with respect to new ambient standards, but it could be material. 

19 

Cooling Water Intake Regulations 
 
 We use water as a coolant at our generating stations. Under the CWA, cooling water intake structures are required to reflect the BTA for minimizing adverse environmental impact. In 2014, the EPA's final standards became effective to protect fish and other aquatic organisms drawn into cooling water systems at large power plants and other facilities. These standards, based on Section 316(b) of the CWA, require affected facilities to choose amongst seven BTA options to reduce fish impingement. In addition, certain facilities must conduct studies to assist permitting authorities to determine whether and what site-specific controls, if any, would be required to reduce entrainment of aquatic organisms. It is possible this process, which includes permitting and public input, could result in the need to install closed-cycle cooling systems (closed-cycle cooling towers) or other technology. Finally, the standards require that new units added to an existing facility must reduce both impingement and entrainment that achieves one of two alternatives under national BTA standards. AES Indiana s NPDES permits will be updated with the requirements of this rule, including any source-specific requirements arising from the evaluation process described above. As a result, it is not yet possible to predict the total impacts of this final rule, including any challenges to such final rule and the outcome of any such challenges. However, if additional capital expenditures are necessary, they could be material. We would seek recovery of these capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 CWA - Regulation of Water Discharge 
 
 AES Indiana and other utilities at times apply for the Nationwide Permit 12 (NWP 12) issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) in completing transmission and distribution projects that may involve waters of the U.S. NWP 12 is the nationwide permit for Utility Line Activities, specifically activities required for construction and maintenance, provided the activity does not result in the loss of greater than -acre of waters of the U.S. for each single and complete project. 
 
 On April 15, 2020, in a proceeding involving the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana (Montana District Court) vacated NWP 12 and enjoined its application. On July 6, 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court stayed the district court order, allowing the use of NWP 12 for oil and gas pipeline projects except for Keystone XL. On January 13, 2021, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers published a final rulemaking for the reissuance and modification of NWPs, including NWP 12 relating exclusively to the construction of oil or natural gas pipelines and the new NWP 57 for construction of electric or telecommunication utility lines. It is too early to determine whether future outcomes or decisions related to this matter may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 On April 23, 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision in the Hawaii Wildlife Fund v. County of Maui case related to whether a CWA permit is required when pollutants originate from a point source but are conveyed to navigable waters through a nonpoint source such as groundwater. The Court held that discharges to groundwater require a permit if the addition of the pollutants through groundwater is the functional equivalent of a direct discharge from the point source into navigable waters. A number of legal cases relevant to determination of "functional equivalent" are ongoing in various jurisdictions. It is too early to determine whether the U.S. Supreme Court decision or the result of litigation to "functional equivalent" may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 CWA Facility Response Plan 
 
 On March 28, 2022, the EPA published a proposed rule to establish Facility Response Plan FRP requirements for non-transportation onshore facilities that store CWA hazardous substances and meet certain criteria and thresholds. It is too early to determine whether this proposed rule may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 
 
 Summary 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations could require us to incur material capital expenditures and operating costs. See Capital Expenditures discussion in " Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Resources and Liquidity - Capital Requirements " for additional details regarding our environmental capital projects. We would expect to seek recovery of both capital and operating costs related to such compliance, although there can be no assurances that we would be successful. In addition, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. As a 
 20 

result, our operating expenses and continuing capital expenditures associated with environmental matters may increase. More stringent standards may also limit our operating flexibility and have a negative impact on our wholesale volumes and margins. Depending on the level and timing of recovery allowed by the IURC, these costs could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may seek recovery of any operating or capital expenditures; however, there can be no assurances that we would be successful. 

ENERGY SUPPLY 
 
 Total electricity sold to our retail customers in 2022 came from the following sources: 53.8 from AES Indiana-owned coal-fired steam generation, 34.4 from AES Indiana-owned natural gas-fired units, and 11.8 from power purchased under power purchase agreements (primarily wind and solar) and from the wholesale power market. 
 
 Approximately 58 of the total kWh we generated in 2022 was from coal as compared to approximately 72 and 48 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2021 and early in 2022, coal was a higher percentage of kWh generated due to an extended outage at the Eagle Valley CCGT plant, and we expect this percentage to be lower going forward. Additionally, AES Indiana plans to convert the remaining two coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025 (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Our existing coal contracts provide for approximately 100 of our current projected requirements in 2023 and approximately 76 in total for the three-year period ending December 31, 2025. We have long-term coal contracts with two suppliers. 
 
 Pricing provisions in some of our long-term coal contracts allow for price changes under certain circumstances. Substantially all of our coal is currently mined in the state of Indiana, and all of our coal supply is mined by unaffiliated suppliers or third parties. Our goal is to carry a 25-50 day system supply of coal to offset unforeseen occurrences such as equipment breakdowns and transportation or mine delays. Our present inventory is above our target range to ensure reliability during this winter given coal and natural gas volatility. Our anticipation is the inventory levels will be back inside the target range after the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Natural gas and fuel oil provided the remaining kWh generation in 2022. Natural gas accounted for approximately 42 of the total kWh we generated in 2022, as compared to 28 in 2021 and 52 in 2020. Natural gas is used in our steam boiler units at Harding Street Station, our CCGT at Eagle Valley and combustion turbines at Georgetown. AES Indiana sources natural gas from the wholesale market delivered to our plants by interstate pipeline and local distribution companies. AES Indiana holds firm pipeline transportation commitments on Texas Gas Transmission, Rockies Express Pipeline, LLC, Trunkline Gas Company, LLC, Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Company, and has firm redelivery contracts with the local distribution companies that serve AES Indiana plants. AES Indiana has established physical natural gas hedges for firm supply over a two year period in accordance with a hedge program approved by the IURC. Hedge percentages vary by season with winter the highest percentage of coverage. Eagle Valley returned from an extended outage in March of 2022 and the hedge program was initiated after the return date. We have natural gas inventory related to a storage agreement with Citizens Energy Group which provides natural gas supply to Harding Street Station. Fuel oil accounted for less than 1 of the total kWh we generated in 2022, 2021, and 2020, and is used for start-up and flame stabilization in coal-fired generating units, as primary fuel in two older combustion turbines, and as an alternate fuel in two other combustion turbines. 
 
 As a result of the completion of the CCGT at the Eagle Valley Station in 2018, the Harding Street Station refueling projects in 2015 and 2016, the retirement of coal-fired units at Eagle Valley in 2016, and the 2021 and future retirement of coal-fired units at Petersburg, we generally have experienced and expect to continue to experience an increase in the percentage of generation from natural gas. Due to outages at the Eagle Valley CCGT this was not the case in 2021 and early 2022, however we expect to continue experiencing an increase in the percentage of generation from natural gas going forward. The generation fuel mix from coal and natural gas will continue to change as the relative prices of the commodities change and as our generation portfolio changes. 
 
 See Note 2 Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of AES Indiana's Preferred Resource Portfolio for meeting generation capacity needs for serving AES Indiana's retail customers over the next several years, including the acquisition and development of the Hardy Hills Solar Project and Petersburg Solar Project and the conversion of the remaining two coal units at Petersburg to natural gas. 
 
 21 

Additionally, we meet the electricity demands of our retail customers with energy purchased under power purchase agreements and by power purchases in MISO. We are committed under long-term power purchase agreements to purchase all energy from two wind projects that have a combined maximum output capacity of 300 MW. We have 94.5 MW of solar-generated electricity in our service territory under long-term contracts, of which 94.0 MW was in operation as of December 31, 2022. We also purchase up to 8 MW of energy from a combined heat and power facility located in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 
 AES Indiana retired Petersburg Unit 1 in 2021 and expects to retire Petersburg Unit 2 in 2023. All regulatory approvals for these retirements have been obtained. In addition, AES Indiana s most recent 2022 IRP short-term action plan includes the conversion of Petersburg Units 3 and 4 from coal to gas in 2025 as part of AES Indiana s preferred portfolio. AES Indiana has not yet filed for the necessary regulatory approvals from the IURC to convert Petersburg units 3 and 4; however, AES Indiana expects to do so at the appropriate time. 
 
 After the retirements of the Petersburg Units 1 and 2 and the conversion of the remaining Petersburg units to natural gas, we will no longer have any coal fired generation in our generation portfolio. Upon the commencement of the Hardy Hills and Petersburg renewable projects and the Petersburg unit retirements and conversions, we expect our installed capacity to be approximately 74 from AES Indiana-owned natural gas-fired units,16 from AES Indiana-owned renewable projects, and 10 from wind and solar power purchase agreements. 

STATISTICAL INFORMATION ON OPERATIONS 
 
 The following table of statistical information presents additional data on our operations: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Revenues (In Thousands) : 
 Residential 698,648 607,260 575,329 597,809 592,625 Small commercial and industrial 247,884 212,169 194,904 215,878 217,896 Large commercial and industrial 644,181 541,471 500,208 564,216 565,720 Public lighting 9,784 8,994 9,257 7,335 9,797 Other (1) 
 17,845 16,785 14,402 14,136 10,427 Retail electric revenues 1,618,342 1,386,679 1,294,100 1,399,374 1,396,465 Wholesale 148,517 25,059 46,482 68,474 38,789 Miscellaneous 24,852 14,394 12,403 13,795 15,251 Total revenues 1,791,711 1,426,132 1,352,985 1,481,643 1,450,505 kWh Sales (In Millions) : 
 Residential 5,305 5,172 5,115 5,200 5,335 Small commercial and industrial 1,823 1,774 1,709 1,840 1,907 Large commercial and industrial 6,091 6,006 5,839 6,283 6,558 Public lighting 18 21 30 42 51 Sales retail customers 13,237 12,973 12,693 13,365 13,851 Wholesale 2,148 908 1,866 2,718 1,241 Total kWh sold 15,385 13,881 14,559 16,083 15,092 Retail Customers at End of Year: Residential 458,585 455,756 451,735 448,210 443,184 Small commercial and industrial 55,210 55,078 54,253 53,751 49,239 Large commercial and industrial 4,517 4,506 4,567 4,635 4,680 Public lighting 1,007 983 986 980 976 Total retail customers 519,319 516,323 511,541 507,576 498,079 (1) Other retail revenues include miscellaneous charges to customers. 

HOW TO CONTACT IPALCO AND SOURCES OF OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at One Monument Circle, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, and our telephone number is (317) 261-8261. Our website address is www.aesindiana.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains this report and other information that we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 
 22 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investors should consider carefully the following risk factors that could cause our business, operating results and financial condition to be materially adversely affected. We routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict those risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our business or financial performance. The categories of risk we have identified in " Item 1A. Risk Factors" include risks associated with our operations, governmental regulation and laws, our indebtedness and financial condition. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information concerning IPALCO and AES Indiana set forth in the Notes to the Financial Statements and in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K herein. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. 
 
 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR OPERATIONS 
 
 Our electric generating facilities are subject to operational risks that could result in unscheduled plant outages, unanticipated operation and/or maintenance expenses, increased fuel or purchased power costs and other significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. 
 
 We operate coal, oil and natural gas generating facilities, which involve certain risks that can adversely affect energy costs, output and efficiency levels. These risks include: 
 
 unit or facility shutdowns due to a breakdown or failure of equipment or processes; 
 increased prices for fuel and fuel transportation as existing contracts expire or as such contracts are adjusted through price re-opener provisions or automatic adjustments; 
 disruptions in the availability or delivery of fuel and lack of adequate inventories; 
 shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment; 
 loss of cost-effective disposal options for solid waste generated by the facilities; 
 accidents and injuries; 
 reliability of our suppliers; 
 inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements; 
 operational restrictions resulting from environmental or permit limitations or governmental interventions; 
 construction delays and cost overruns; 
 disruptions in the delivery of electricity; 
 labor disputes or work stoppages by employees; 
 the availability of qualified personnel; 
 events occurring on third party systems that interconnect to and affect our system; 
 operator error; and 
 catastrophic events. 
 
 We experience unscheduled plant outages, unanticipated operation and/or maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures and/or increased fuel and purchased power costs from time to time, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These risks are partially mitigated by our ability to generally pass fuel and purchased power costs through to customers through the FAC. If unexpected plant outages occur frequently and/or for extended periods of time, this could result in adverse regulatory action that may have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, as a result of the above risks and other potential hazards associated with the power generation industry, we may from time to time become exposed to significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. The control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on the existence of operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans and specific programs supported by quality control systems which reduce, but do not eliminate, the possibility of the occurrence and impact of these risks. 
 
 The hazardous activities described above can also cause personal injury or loss of life, damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. 
 23 

The occurrence of any one of these events results in us from time to time being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties. We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we believe is adequate, but there can be no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. A successful claim that is significant for which we are not fully insured could adversely and materially affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, except for our large substations, transmission and distribution assets are not covered by insurance and are considered to be outside the scope of property insurance. Further, due to rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, we cannot provide assurance that insurance coverage will continue to be available on terms similar to those presently available to us or at all. Any such losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or a decline in the number of customers or in customer usage. 
 
 Customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside our control, such as energy efficiency and DSM measures, population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity. A lack of growth, or a decline, in the number of customers in our service territory or in customer demand for electricity could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and may cause us to fail to fully realize anticipated benefits from investments and expenditures. 
 
 The availability and cost of fuel and other commodities have experienced and could continue to experience significant volatility and we may not be able to hedge the entire exposure of our operations from availability and price volatility. In addition, a significant amount of our electricity is generated by coal. 
 
 Our business is sensitive to changes in the price of coal, natural gas, purchased power and emissions allowances. In addition, changes in the prices of steel, copper and other raw materials can have a significant impact on our costs. We also are dependent on purchased power, in part, to meet our seasonal planning reserve margins. Any changes in fuel prices could affect the prices we charge, our operating costs and our competitive position with respect to our products and services. 
 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in the price of fuel is limited because, pursuant to Indiana law, we apply to the IURC for a change in our FAC every three months to recover our estimated fuel costs, which may be above or below the levels included in our basic rates and charges. In addition, we apply to recover the energy portion of our purchased power costs in these quarterly FAC proceedings subject to a benchmark (please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding the benchmark and the process to recover fuel costs). As part of this cost-recovery process, we must present evidence in each proceeding that we have made every reasonable effort to acquire fuel and generate or purchase power or both so as to provide electricity to our retail customers at the lowest fuel cost reasonably possible. If we are unable to timely or fully recover our fuel and purchased power costs, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Approximately 58 of the energy we produced in 2022 was generated by coal as compared to approximately 72 and 48 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. While we have approximately 76 in total of our current coal requirements for the three-year period ending December 31, 2025 under long-term contracts as of the date of this report, the balance is yet to be purchased and will be purchased under a combination of long-term contracts, short-term contracts and on the spot market. Prices can be highly volatile in both the short-term market and on the spot market. The coal market has experienced significant price volatility in the last several years. We are now in a global market for coal in which our domestic price is increasingly affected by international supply disruptions and demand balance. Coal exports from the U.S. have increased significantly at times in recent years. In addition, domestic developments such as government-imposed direct costs and permitting issues that affect mining costs and supply availability, and the variable demand of retail customer load and the performance of our generation fleet have an impact on our fuel procurement operations. In addition, pricing provisions in some of our coal contracts with terms of one year or more allow for price changes under certain circumstances. 
 
 Because of our dependence on coal to meet customer demand for electricity, our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by unexpected price volatility in the coal market, price increases pursuant to the provisions of certain of our long-term coal contracts, and the continued regulatory and political scrutiny of coal. As 
 24 

discussed below, regulators, politicians and non-governmental organizations have expressed concern about GHG emissions and are taking actions which, in addition to the potential physical risk associated with climate change, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our dependence on coal also means that the output of our coal-fired generation units can be greatly affected by the costs of other fuels combusted by generation facilities that compete with our coal-fired generation units. Until 2021, natural gas prices over the last several years have been relatively low and some gas-fired generators that previously were primarily used during periods of peak and intermediate electric demand have run even during periods of relatively low demand. This can cause many coal-fired generators, including ours, to run fewer hours during these periods of base-load demand. The cyclical nature of commodity markets makes this a possibility in the future, however, we would expect any retirement of our coal-fired generators to reduce the potential impact of these events due to lower volumes of coal in our generation fleet. 
 
 In addition, substantially all of our coal supply is currently mined in the state of Indiana, and all of our coal supply is currently mined by unaffiliated suppliers or third parties. Our current goal is to carry a 25-50 day system supply of coal to offset unforeseen occurrences such as equipment breakdowns and transportation or mine delays. AES Indiana typically has long-term contracts with a small number of suppliers of coal. In recent years, the coal industry has undergone significant restructuring as a result of debt restructurings, bankruptcy proceedings and other factors. Further restructuring may result in a failure of our suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations or fewer suppliers and, consequently, increased dependency on any one supplier. Any significant disruption in the ability of our suppliers, particularly our most significant suppliers, to mine or deliver coal or other fuel, or any failure on the part of our suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event of disruptions or failures, there can be no assurance that we would be able to find another supplier of fuel on similarly favorable terms, which could also limit our ability to recover fuel costs through the FAC proceedings. 
 
 Catastrophic events could adversely affect our facilities, systems and operations. 
 
 Catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, cyberattacks, terrorist acts, acts of war, acts of sabotage or vandalism, pandemic events, or natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, severe winds, ice or snow storms, droughts or other similar occurrences could adversely affect our generation facilities, transmission and distribution systems, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our Petersburg Plant, which is our largest source of generating capacity, is located in the Wabash Valley seismic zone, adjacent to the New Madrid seismic zone, which are both areas of significant seismic activity in the central U.S. 
 
 Our business is sensitive to weather and seasonal variations. 
 
 Weather conditions significantly affect the demand for electric power, and accordingly, our business is affected by variations in general weather conditions and unusually severe weather. As a result of these factors, our operating revenues and associated operating expenses are not generated evenly by month during the year. We forecast electric sales on the basis of normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. Significant variations from normal weather (such as warmer winters and cooler summers) could have a material impact on our revenues, operating income and net income and cash flows. In addition, severe or unusual weather, such as floods, tornadoes and ice or snow storms, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that may not be insured or recoverable from customers. While we are permitted to seek recovery of certain severe storm damage costs, if we are unable to fully recover such costs in a timely manner, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our membership in a RTO presents risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are a member of MISO, a FERC-regulated RTO. MISO serves the electrical transmission needs of a 15-state area including much of the Mid-U.S. and Canada and maintains functional operational control over our electric transmission facilities, as well as that of the other utility members of MISO. We retain control over our distribution facilities. As a result of membership in MISO and its operational control, our continued ability to import power, when necessary, and export power to the wholesale market has been, and may continue to be, impacted. We offer our generation and bid our load into this market on a day-ahead basis and settle differences in real time. Given the nature of MISO s policies regarding use of transmission facilities, and its administration of the energy and ancillary services markets, it is difficult to predict near-term operational impacts. We cannot assure MISO s reliable operation of the regional transmission system, or the impact of its operation of the energy and ancillary services markets. 
 
 25 

The rules governing the various regional power markets may also change from time to time which could affect our costs and revenues and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may expand or otherwise change our transmission system according to decisions made by MISO in addition to our internal planning process. In addition, various proposals and proceedings before the FERC relating to MISO or otherwise may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. We also incur fees and costs to participate in MISO. 
 
 To the extent that we rely, at least in part, on the performance of MISO to maintain the reliability of our transmission system, it puts us at some risk for the performance of MISO. In addition, actions taken by MISO to secure the reliable operation of the entire transmission system operated by MISO could result in voltage reductions, rolling blackouts, or sustained system-wide blackouts on AES Indiana s transmission and distribution system, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See also Item 1. Business - MISO Operations" and Item 1. Business - Regulation Retail Ratemaking. 
 
 Our transmission and distribution system is subject to operational, reliability and capacity risks. 
 
 The ongoing reliable performance of our transmission and distribution system is subject to risks due to, among other things, weather damage, intentional or unintentional damage, equipment or process failure, catastrophic events, such as fires and/or explosions, facility outages, labor disputes, accidents or injuries, operator error, or inoperability of key infrastructure internal or external to us and events occurring on third party systems that interconnect to and affect our system. The failure of our transmission and distribution system to fully operate and deliver the energy demanded by customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and if such failures occur frequently and/or for extended periods of time, could result in adverse regulatory action. In addition, the advent and quick adaptation of new products and services that require increased levels of electrical energy cannot be predicted and could result in insufficient transmission and distribution system capacity. As with all utilities, potential concern with the adequacy of transmission capacity on AES Indiana s system or the regional systems operated by MISO could result in MISO, the NERC, the FERC or the IURC requiring us to upgrade or expand our transmission system through additional capital expenditures or share in the costs of regional expansion. Also, as a result of the above risks and other potential risks and hazards associated with transmission and distribution operations, we may from time to time become exposed to significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Except for AES Indiana s large substations, transmission and distribution assets are not covered by insurance and are considered to be outside the scope of property insurance. Otherwise, we maintain an amount of insurance protection that we believe is adequate, but there can be no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. Further, any increased costs or adverse changes in the insurance markets may cause delays or inability in maintaining insurance coverage on terms similar to those presently available to us or at all. A successful claim for which we are not fully insured could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Current and future conditions in the economy may adversely affect our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows have been and will continue to be affected by general economic conditions. Slowing economic growth, credit market conditions, fluctuating consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, and other challenges affecting the general economy, have caused and may continue to cause some of our customers to experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages, and difficulty obtaining financing. As a result, existing customers may reduce their electricity consumption and may not be able to fulfill their payment obligations to us in the normal, timely fashion. In addition, some existing commercial and industrial customers may discontinue their operations. Sustained downturns, recessions or a sluggish economy generally affect the markets in which we operate and negatively influence our energy operations. A contracting, slow or sluggish economy could reduce the demand for energy in areas in which we are doing business. For example, during economic downturns, our commercial and industrial customers may see a decrease in demand for their products, which in turn may lead to a decrease in the amount of energy they require. Furthermore, projects which may result in potential new customers may be delayed until economic conditions improve. Some of our suppliers, customers and other counterparties, and others with whom we transact business experience financial difficulties, which may impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. For example, our counterparties on forward purchase contracts and financial institutions involved in our credit facility may become unable to fulfill their contractual obligations to us or result in their declaring bankruptcy or similar insolvency-like 
 26 

proceedings. We may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as our existing agreements. Reduced demand for our electric services, failure by our customers to timely remit full payment owed to us and supply delays or unavailability could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In particular, the projected economic growth and total employment in Indianapolis are important to the realization of our forecasts for annual energy sales. 
 
 Economic conditions relating to the asset performance and interest rates of the Pension Plans could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Pension costs are based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, level of employer contributions, the expected life span of pension plan beneficiaries and the discount rate used to determine the present value of future pension obligations. Any of these assumptions could prove to be wrong, resulting in a shortfall of our Pension Plans assets compared to pension obligations under the Pension Plans. Further, the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under the Pension Plans. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the Pension Plans assets will increase the funding requirements under the Pension Plans if the actual asset returns do not recover these declines in value in the foreseeable future. Future pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, may also be subject to changes in legislation. We are responsible for funding any shortfall of our Pension Plans assets compared to obligations under the Pension Plans, and a significant increase in our pension liabilities could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We are subject to the Pension Protection Act of 2006, which requires underfunded pension plans to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the level of their underfunding. As a result, our required contributions to these plans, at times, have increased and may increase in the future. In addition, our pension and postemployment benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the discounted liabilities increase benefit expense and funding requirements. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements for the obligations related to the pension and other postemployment benefit plans. Declines in market values and increased funding requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Please see Note 9, Benefit Plans to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 Counterparties providing materials or services may fail to perform their obligations, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We enter into transactions with and rely on many counterparties in connection with our business, including for the purchase and delivery of inventory, including fuel and equipment components, for our capital improvements and additions and to provide professional services, such as actuarial calculations, payroll processing and various consulting services. If any of these counterparties fails to perform its obligations to us or becomes unavailable, our business plans may be materially disrupted, we may be forced to discontinue or delay certain operations if a cost-effective alternative is not readily available or we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices and cause delays. Although our agreements are designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than the relief provided by these mitigation provisions. Any of the foregoing could result in regulatory actions, cost overruns, delays or other losses, any of which (or a combination of which) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Further, our construction program calls for extensive expenditures for capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades, improvements to and replacements of generation, transmission and distribution facilities, as well as other initiatives. As a result, we have engaged, and will continue to engage, numerous contractors and have entered into a number of agreements to acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction related services. In addition, some contracts provide for us to assume the risk of price escalation and availability of certain metals and key components. This could force us to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices or cause construction delays in a significant manner. It could also subject us to enforcement action by regulatory authorities to the extent that such a contractor failure resulted in a failure by AES Indiana to comply with requirements or expectations, particularly with regard to the cost of the project. As a result of these events, we might incur losses or delays in completing construction. 
 
 27 

The COVID-19 pandemic, or the future outbreak of any other highly infectious or contagious diseases, could impact our business and operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economic activity, caused significant volatility and negative pressure in financial ma rkets and reduced the demand for energy in our service territory. In addition to reduced revenues and lower margins resulting from decreased energy demand within our service territory, we also have incurred expenses relating to COVID-19, including expenses relating to events outside of our control. In addition to contributing to economic slowdown or a recession, COVID-19 or another pandemic could have material and adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows due to, among other factors: 
 
 further decline in customer demand as a result of general decline in business activity; 
 further destabilization of the markets and decline in business activity negatively impacting our customer growth or the number of customers in our service territory as well as our customers ability to pay for our services when due (or at all); 
 delay or inability in obtaining regulatory actions and outcomes that could be material to our business, including for recovery of COVID-19 related expenses and losses, such as uncollectible customer amounts, and the review and approval of our applications, rates and charges by the IURC; 
 difficulty accessing the capital and credit markets on favorable terms, or at all, a disruption and instability in the global financial markets, or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions which could affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis; 
 negative impacts on the health of our essential personnel, especially if a significant number of them are affected, and on our operations as a result of implementing stay-at-home, quarantine and other social distancing measures; 
 a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during a disruption, including increased cybersecurity attacks related to the work-from-home environment; 
 delays or inability to access, transport and deliver fuel or other materials to our facilities due to restrictions on business operations or other factors affecting us and our third-party suppliers; 
 the inability to hedge sufficient exposure of our operations from availability and cost of fuel and other commodities that experience significant volatility; 
 delays or inability to access equipment or the availability of personnel to perform planned and unplanned maintenance, which can, in turn, lead to disruption in operations; 
 delays or inability in achieving our financial goals, growth strategy and digital transformation; and 
 delays in the implementation of expected rules and regulations. 
 
 We will continue to review and modify our plans as conditions change. Despite our efforts to manage and remedy these impacts to the Company, their ultimate impact also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of this outbreak as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. 
 
 COVID-19 continues to present material uncertainty which could materially and adversely affect our generation facilities, transmission and distribution systems, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. To the extent COVID-19 adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those relating to our level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. 
 
 Accidental improprieties and undetected errors in our internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery, noncompliant disclosure or incorrect payment processing. 
 
 Our internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable us to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with GAAP, laws and regulations, taxation requirements and federal securities laws and regulations in order to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in connection with the recovery of our costs and with our reporting requirements under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations and to properly process payments. We have also implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by management and our Board of Directors. While we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees, temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to improprieties and undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery, noncompliant disclosure 
 28 

and reporting or incorrect payment processing. The consequences of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain a qualified and properly motivated workforce, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 One of the challenges we face is to retain a skilled, efficient and cost-effective workforce while recruiting new talent to replace losses in knowledge and skills due to resignations, terminations or retirements. This undertaking could require us to make additional financial commitments and incur increased costs. If we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, we have employee compensation plans that reward the performance of our employees. We seek to ensure that our compensation plans encourage acceptable levels for risk and high performance through pay mix, performance metrics and timing. We also have policies and procedures in place to mitigate potential excessive risk-taking by employees to achieve performance targets which could result in events that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to collective bargaining agreements that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to collective bargaining agreements with employees who are members of a union. Approximately 68 of our employees are represented by a union in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. While we believe that we maintain a satisfactory relationship with our employees, it is possible that labor disruptions affecting some or all of our operations could occur during the period of the collective bargaining agreements or at the expiration of the collective bargaining agreements before new agreements are negotiated. We may not be able to successfully train new personnel as current workers with significant knowledge and expertise retire. We also may be unable to staff our business with qualified personnel in the event of significant absenteeism related to a pandemic illness. Work stoppages by, or poor relations or ineffective negotiations with, our employees or other workforce issues could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The use of non-derivative and derivative instruments in the normal course of business could result in losses that could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 We sometimes use non-derivative and derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, to manage commodity and financial risks. We may at times enter into forward contracts to hedge the risk of volatility in earnings from wholesale marketing activities. These trades are affected by a range of factors, including variations in power demand, fluctuations in market prices, market prices for alternative commodities and optimization opportunities. We have attempted to manage our commodities price risk exposure by establishing and enforcing risk limits and risk management policies. Despite our efforts, however, these risk limits and management policies may not work as planned and fluctuating prices and other events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these instruments can involve management s judgment or the use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of some of these contracts. We could also recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts, a counterparty failing to perform, or the underlying transactions which the instruments are intended to hedge failing to materialize, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Potential security breaches (including cybersecurity breaches) and terrorism risks could materially and adversely affect our businesses. 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated systems and network infrastructure at our generation stations, fuel storage facilities and transmission and distribution facilities. We also use various financial, accounting and other systems in our businesses. These systems and facilities are vulnerable to unauthorized access due to hacking, viruses, other cybersecurity attacks and other causes and also may be subject to acts of sabotage and vandalism. In particular, given the importance of energy and the electric grid, there is the possibility that our systems and facilities could be targets of terrorism or acts of war and there has been an increased focus on the U.S. energy grid that is believed to be related to the Russia/Ukraine 
 29 

conflict. We have implemented measures to help prevent unauthorized access to our systems and facilities, including network and system monitoring, identification and deployment of secure technologies, and certain other measures to comply with mandatory regulatory reliability standards. Pursuant to NERC requirements, we have a robust cybersecurity plan in place and are subject to regular audits by an independent auditor approved by NERC. We routinely test our systems and facilities against these regulatory requirements in order to measure compliance, assess potential security risks, and identify areas for improvement. In addition, we provide cybersecurity training for our employees and perform exercises designed to raise employee awareness of cyberrisks on a regular basis. To date, cyberattacks on our business and operations have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results. Despite our efforts, if our systems or facilities were to be breached or disabled, we may be unable to recover them in a timely manner to fulfill critical business functions, including the supply of electric services to our customers, and we could experience decreases in revenues and increases in costs that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 In the course of our business, we also store and use customer, employee, and other personal information and other confidential and sensitive information, including personally identifiable information and personal financial information. If our or our third-party vendors systems were to be breached or disabled, sensitive and confidential information and other data could be compromised, which could result in liability or penalties under privacy laws, negative publicity, remediation costs and potential litigation, damages, consent orders, injunctions, fines and other relief. 
 
 To help mitigate these risks, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses, including coverage for illegal acts against us. However, insurance may not be adequate to protect us against all costs and liabilities associated with these risks. 
 
 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION AND LAWS 
 
 We may not always be able to recover our costs to deliver electricity to our retail customers. The costs we can recover and the return on capital we are permitted to earn for certain aspects of our business are regulated and governed by the laws of Indiana and the rules, policies and procedures of the IURC. 
 
 We are currently obligated to supply electric energy to retail customers in our service territory. Even though rate regulation is premised on full recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that the IURC will agree that all of our costs have been prudently incurred or are recoverable. There also is no assurance that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce a full or timely recovery of our costs and authorized return. From time to time, the demand for electric energy required to meet our service obligations could exceed our available electric generating capacity. When our retail customer demand exceeds our generating capacity for units operating under MISO economic dispatch, recovery of our cost to purchase electric energy in the MISO market to meet that demand is subject to a stipulation and settlement agreement. The agreement includes a benchmark which compares hourly purchased power costs to daily natural gas prices. Purchased power costs above the benchmark must meet certain criteria in order for us to fully recover them from our retail customers, such as consideration of the capacity of units available but not selected by the MISO economic dispatch. We may not always have the ability to pass all of the purchased power costs on to our customers, and even if we are able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time the costs are incurred and the time the costs are recovered. Since these situations most often occur during periods of peak demand, the market price for electric energy at the time we purchase it could be very high, and we may not be allowed to recover all of such costs through our FAC (please see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding the benchmark and the process to recover purchased power costs). Even if a supply shortage were brief, we could suffer substantial losses that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in, or reinterpretations of, the laws, rules, policies and procedures that set electric rates, permitted rates of return, changes in AES Indiana s rate structure, regulations regarding ownership of generation assets and electric service, the supply or generation, reliability initiatives, fuel and purchased power (which account for a substantial portion of our operating costs), capital expenditures and investments and the recovery of these and other costs on a full or timely basis through rates, power market prices and changes to the frequency and timing of rate increases could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 30 

Concerns about GHG emissions and the potential risks associated with climate change have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact our business. 
 
 One byproduct of burning coal and other fossil fuels is the emission of GHGs, including CO 2 . At the federal, state and regional levels, policies are under development or have been developed to regulate GHG emissions. In 2022, AES Indiana emitted approximately 12 million tons of CO 2 from our power plants. AES Indiana uses CO 2 emission estimation methodologies supported by Th e Greenhouse Gas Protocol reporting standard on GHG emissions. Our CO 2 emissions are determined from emissions monitoring data and calculations using actual fuel heat inputs and fuel type CO 2 emission factors. 
 
 There currently is no U.S. federal legislation imposing mandatory GHG emission reductions (including for CO 2 that affects our electric power generation facilities. However, in 2015, the EPA promulgated a rule establishing NSPS for CO 2 emissions for newly constructed and modified/reconstructed fossil-fueled EUSGUs larger than 25 MW, and the EPA proposed revisions to this rule in December 2018. In addition, in July 2019, the EPA published the final ACE Rule along with associated revisions to implementing regulations, which established CO 2 emission rules for existing power plants under CAA Section 111(d) and replaced the EPA's 2015 CPP, although the D.C. Circuit vacated and remanded the ACE Rule in January 2021. In addition, it is likely that there will be increased focus on climate change from a President Biden administration and any future Democrat-controlled U.S. Congress, both of which may result in additional legislation and regulations regarding GHG emissions. 
 
 In December 2015, the parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change convened for the 21st Conference of the parties and the resulting Paris Agreement established a long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature well below 2 C above pre-industrial levels. We anticipate that the Paris Agreement will continue the trend toward efforts to de-carbonize the global economy. Although the U.S. was officially able to withdraw from the Paris Agreement on November 4, 2020, on January 20, 2021, President Biden began the 30-day process of rejoining the Paris Agreement, which became effective for the U.S. on February 19, 2021. In November 2022, the international community gathered in Egypt at the 27th Conference to the Parties on the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change COP27 ), during which multiple announcements were made, including the establishment of a loss and damage fund to support vulnerable countries dealing with the effects of climate change and certain pledges in the area of climate finance. 
 
 Any existing or future international, federal, state or regional legislation or regulation of GHG emissions could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance. The actual impact on our financial performance will depend on a number of factors, including among others, the degree and timing of GHG emissions reductions required under any such legislation or regulations, the price and availability of offsets, the extent to which market-based compliance options are available, the extent to which we would be entitled to receive GHG emissions allowances without having to purchase them in an auction or on the open market and the impact of such legislation or regulation on our ability to recover costs incurred through rate increases or otherwise. Our cost of compliance could be substantial. Although we would seek recovery of costs associated with new climate change or GHG regulations, our inability to fully or timely recover such costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, concerns over GHG emissions and their effect on the environment have led, and could lead further, to reduced demand for coal-fired power, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Furthermore, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, physical risks from climate change could include, but are not limited to, increased runoff and earlier spring peak discharge in many glacier and snow-fed rivers, warming of lakes and rivers, an increase in sea level, changes and variability in precipitation and in the intensity and frequency of extreme weather events. Physical impacts may have the potential to significantly affect our business and operations. For example, extreme weather events could result in increased downtime and operation and maintenance costs at our electric power generation facilities and our support facilities. Variations in weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity, would also be expected to affect the energy needs of customers. A decrease in energy consumption could decrease our revenues. In addition, while revenues would be expected to increase if the energy consumption of customers increased, such increase could prompt the need for additional investment in generation capacity. Changes in the temperature of lakes and rivers and changes in precipitation that result in drought could adversely affect the operations of our fossil-fuel fired electric power generation facilities. 
 
 If any of the foregoing risks materialize, we expect our costs to increase or revenues to decrease and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, cash 
 31 

flows and reputation if such changes are significant. Please see Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters for additional information of environmental matters impacting us, including those relating to regulation of GHG emissions. 
 
 We are subject to numerous environmental laws, rules and regulations that require capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations, may expose us to environmental liabilities or make continued operation of certain generating units unprofitable. 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws, rules and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials, including CCR; the use and discharge of water used in generation boilers and for cooling purposes; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials into the environment; and the health and safety of our employees. Such laws, rules and regulations can become stricter over time, and we could also become subject to additional environmental laws, rules and regulations and other requirements in the future. Environmental laws, rules and regulations also generally require us to comply with inspections and obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, and other governmental authorizations. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. If we are not able to timely comply with inspections and obtain, maintain or comply with all environmental laws, rules and regulations, and all licenses, permits, and other government authorizations required to operate our business, then our operations could be prevented, delayed or subject to additional costs. A violation of environmental laws, rules, regulations, permits or other requirements can result in substantial fines, penalties, other sanctions, permit revocation, facility shutdowns, the imposition of stricter environmental standards and controls or other injunctive measures affecting operating assets. Compliance with these laws, regulations and other requirements requires us to expend significant funds and resources and could at some point become prohibitively expensive or result in our shutting down (temporarily or permanently) or altering the operation of our facilities. Under certain environmental laws, we could also be held responsible for costs relating to contamination at our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites. We could also be held strictly, jointly and severally liable for human exposure to hazardous substances or for other environmental damage. From time to time we are subject to enforcement and litigation actions for claims of noncompliance with environmental laws, rules and regulations or other environmental requirements. We cannot assure that we will be successful in defending against any claim of noncompliance. Any actual or alleged violation of environmental laws, rules, regulations and other requirements also may require us to expend significant resources to defend against any such alleged violations and expose us to unexpected costs. Our costs and liabilities relating to environmental matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to potentially significant remediation expenses, enforcement initiatives, private party lawsuits and reputational risk associated with CCR, which consists of bottom ash, fly ash, and air pollution control wastes generated at our current and former coal-fired generation plant sites . We expect to incur substantial costs to comply with CCR rules and requirements and any changes to existing CCR rules or requirements or other new rules or requirements addressing CCR may require us to incur additional costs. Also, we may become subject to CCR-related lawsuits or involved in other CCR-related litigation from time to time that may require us to incur other costs or expose us to unexpected liabilities, which could be significant. In addition, CCR and its production at our facilities have been the subject of interest from environmental non-governmental organizations and the media. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While we maintain insurance for certain of these costs and liabilities, there can be no assurance that our insurance will be available, sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all of our claimed liabilities. 
 
 Please see Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters for additional information of environmental matters impacting us, including our current CCR-related insurance coverage litigation. 

32 

If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be recoverable from customers through regulated rates. 
 
 As an owner and operator of a bulk power transmission system, AES Indiana is subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the NERC and enforced by the FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures. Although we expect to recover costs and expenditures from customers through regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the IURC will approve full recovery in a timely manner. If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be recoverable from customers through regulated rates and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to extensive laws and local, state and federal regulation, as well as litigation and other proceedings that affect our operations and costs. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state and local levels. For example, at the federal level, AES Indiana, as an electric utility, is regulated by the FERC and the NERC and, at the state level, we are regulated by the IURC. The regulatory power of the IURC over AES Indiana is both comprehensive and typical of the traditional form of regulation generally imposed by state public utility commissions. We face the risk of unexpected or adverse regulatory action. Regulatory discretion is reasonably broad in Indiana. AES Indiana is subject to regulation by the IURC as to our services and facilities, the valuation of property, the construction, purchase, or lease of electric generating facilities, the classification of accounts, rates of depreciation, the increase or decrease in retail rates and charges, the issuance of securities and long-term debt, the acquisition and sale of some public utility properties or securities and certain other matters. 
 
 AES Indiana s tariff rates for electric service to retail customers consist of basic rates and charges which are set and approved by the IURC after public hearings. In addition, AES Indiana s rates typically include various adjustment mechanisms and we must seek approval from the IURC through such public proceedings of our rate adjustment mechanism factors to reflect changes in certain costs. There can be no assurance that we will be granted approval of rate adjustment mechanism factors that we request from the IURC. The failure to obtain IURC approval of requested relief, or any other adverse rate determination by the IURC could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 As a result of the EPAct and subsequent legislation affecting the electric utility industry, we have been required to comply with rules and regulations in areas including mandatory reliability standards, cybersecurity, transmission expansion and energy efficiency. We are currently unable to predict the long-term impact, if any, to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows as a result of these rules and regulations. Complying with the regulatory environment to which we are subject requires us to expend a significant amount of funds and resources. The failure to comply with this regulatory environment could subject us to substantial financial costs and penalties and changes, either forced or voluntary, in the way we operate our business. 
 
 Independent of the IURC s ability to review basic rates and charges, Indiana law requires electric utilities under the jurisdiction of the IURC to meet operating expense and income test requirements as a condition for approval of requested changes in the FAC. Additionally, the fuel charge applied for can be reduced if a utility s rolling twelve-month operating income, determined at quarterly measurement dates, exceeds a utility s authorized annual jurisdictional net operating income and there are not sufficient applicable cumulative net operating income deficiencies against which the excess rolling twelve-month jurisdictional net operating income can be offset. 
 
 Future events, including the advent of retail competition within AES Indiana s service territory, could result in the deregulation of part of AES Indiana s existing regulated business. In addition to effects on our business that could result from any deregulation, such as a loss of customers and increased costs to retain or attract customers upon deregulation, adjustments to AES Indiana s accounting records may be required to eliminate the historical impact of regulatory accounting. Such adjustments, as required by FASB ASC 980 Regulated Operations, could eliminate the effects of any actions of regulators that have been recognized as assets and liabilities. Required adjustments could include the expensing of any unamortized net regulatory assets, the elimination of certain tax liabilities, and a write down of any impaired utility plant balances. We expect AES Indiana to meet the criteria for the application of ASC 980 for the foreseeable future. 
 33 

We are subject to litigation, regulatory proceedings, administrative proceedings, audits, settlements, investigations and claims from time to time that require us to expend significant funds to address. There can be no assurance that the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue to be, present at our facilities, and we have been named as a defendant in asbestos litigation. The continued presence of asbestos and other regulated substances at these facilities could result in additional litigation being brought against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of significant regulatory matters and legal proceedings involving us. 
 
 Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments. From time to time, legislative measures may be enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax positions regarding income or other taxes. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these legislative measures. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will be sustained if challenged by relevant tax authorities and if not sustained, there could be a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 We rely on access to the financial markets. General economic conditions and disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all, and cause increases in our interest expense. 
 
 From time to time we rely on access to the capital and credit markets as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows. These capital and credit markets experience volatility and disruption from time to time and the ability of corporations to raise capital can be negatively impacted. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets make it harder and more expensive to raise capital. Our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all can be adversely affected by unfavorable market conditions or declines in our creditworthiness, and we may be unable to access adequate funding to refinance our debt as it becomes due or finance capital expenditures. The extent of any impact will depend on several factors, including our operating cash flows, financial condition and prospects, the overall supply and demand in the credit markets, our credit ratings, credit capacity, the cost of financing, the financial condition, performance and prospects of other companies in our industry or with similar financial circumstances and other general economic and business conditions. It may also depend on the performance of credit counterparties and financial institutions with which we do business. Access to funds under our existing financing arrangements is also dependent on the ability of our counterparties to meet their financing commitments and our satisfying conditions to borrowing. Our inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms, or at all, with creditworthy counterparties could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which would adversely impact our profitability. 
 
 See Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding indebtedness. See also Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for information related to market risks. 

34 

The level of our indebtedness, and the security provided for this indebtedness, could adversely affect our financial flexibility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had on a consolidated basis 3,016.8 million of indebtedness, including finance lease obligations, and total common shareholders equity of 1,090.5 million. AES Indiana had 2,153.8 million of first mortgage bonds outstanding as of December 31, 2022, which are secured by the pledge of substantially all of the assets of AES Indiana under the terms of AES Indiana s mortgage and deed of trust. This level of indebtedness and related security has important consequences, including the following: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund other corporate purposes; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 
 limiting, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our indebtedness, our ability to borrow additional funds, as needed. 
 
 We expect to incur additional debt in the future, subject to the terms of our debt agreements and regulatory approvals for any AES Indiana debt. To the extent we become more leveraged, the risks described above would increase. Further, actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Accordingly, our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay at maturity all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due and, in that event, we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms or at all to refinance our debt as it becomes due. For a further discussion of outstanding debt, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have variable rate debt that bears interest based on a prevailing rate that is reset based on a market index that can be affected by market demand, supply, market interest rates and other market conditions. We also maintain both cash on deposit and investments in cash equivalents from time to time that could be impacted by interest rate fluctuations. As such, any event which impacts market interest rates could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, ratings agencies issue credit ratings on us and our debt that affect our borrowing costs under our financial arrangements and affect our potential pool of investors and funding sources. Our credit ratings also govern the collateral provisions of certain of our contracts. If rating agencies downgrade our credit ratings, our borrowing costs would likely further increase, our potential pool of investors and funding resources could be reduced, and we could be required to post additional cash collateral under selected contracts. These events would likely reduce our liquidity and profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 IPALCO is a holding company and parent of AES Indiana and other subsidiaries. IPALCO s cash flow is dependent on operating cash flows of AES Indiana and its ability to pay cash to IPALCO. 
 
 IPALCO is a holding company with no material assets other than the common stock of its subsidiaries, and accordingly all cash is generated by the operating activities of our subsidiaries, principally AES Indiana. As such, IPALCO s cash flow is largely dependent on the operating cash flows of AES Indiana and its ability to pay cash to IPALCO. AES Indiana s mortgage and deed of trust, its amended articles of incorporation and its Credit Agreement contain restrictions on AES Indiana s ability to issue certain securities or pay cash dividends to IPALCO. For example, there are restrictions that require maintenance of a leverage ratio which could limit the ability of AES Indiana to pay dividends. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Resources and Liquidity for a discussion of these restrictions. See Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding indebtedness. In addition, AES Indiana is regulated by the IURC, which possesses broad oversight powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers are being met. The IURC could impose additional restrictions on the ability of AES Indiana to distribute, loan or advance cash to IPALCO pursuant to these broad powers. While we do not expect any of the foregoing restrictions to significantly affect AES Indiana s ability to pay funds to IPALCO in the future, a significant limitation on AES Indiana s ability to pay dividends or loan or advance funds to IPALCO would have a material adverse effect on IPALCO s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

35 

Our ownership by AES subjects us to potential risks that are beyond our control. 
 
 All of AES Indiana s common stock is owned by IPALCO, all of whose common stock is owned by AES U.S. Investments (82.35 and CDPQ (17.65 ). Due to our relationship with AES, any adverse developments and announcements concerning AES may impair our ability to access the capital markets and to otherwise conduct business. In particular, downgrades in AES s credit ratings could result in AES Indiana s or IPALCO s credit ratings being downgraded. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Information relating to our properties is contained in Item 1. Business Properties . 
 
 Mortgage Financing on Properties 
 
 AES Indiana s mortgage and deed of trust secures first mortgage bonds issued by AES Indiana. Pursuant to the terms of the mortgage and deed of trust, substantially all property owned by AES Indiana is subject to a direct first mortgage lien securing indebtedness of 2,153.8 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, IPALCO has outstanding 880.0 million of debt obligations which are secured by its pledge of all of the outstanding common stock of AES Indiana. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to various lawsuits, actions, claims, and other proceedings. We are also from time to time involved in other reviews, investigations and proceedings by governmental and regulatory agencies regarding our business, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. We have accrued in our Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for litigation and claims where it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We believe the amounts provided in our Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as prescribed by GAAP, for these matters are adequate in light of the probable and estimable contingencies. However, there can be no assurances that the actual amounts required to satisfy alleged liabilities from various legal proceedings, claims and other matters (including those matters noted below), and to comply with applicable laws and regulations will not exceed the amounts reflected in our Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As such, costs, if any, that may be incurred in excess of those amounts provided for in our Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, cannot be reasonably determined, but could be material. Please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for summaries of significant legal proceedings involving us, which are incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 As of March 1, 2023, all of the outstanding common stock of IPALCO is owned by AES U.S. Investments (82.35 and CDPQ (17.65 ). As a result, our stock is not listed for trading on any stock exchange. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, IPALCO declared and paid distributions to our shareholders totaling 102.0 million, 131.5 million and 108.7 million, respectively. Future distributions to our shareholders will be determined at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend primarily on dividends 
 36 

received from AES Indiana and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Please see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources and Liquidity of this Form 10-K for a discussion of limitations on dividends from AES Indiana. In order for us to make any dividend payments to our shareholders, we must, at the time and as a result of such dividends, either maintain certain credit ratings on our senior long-term debt or be in compliance with leverage and interest coverage ratios contained in IPALCO s Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. We do not believe this requirement will be a limiting factor in paying dividends in the ordinary course of prudent business operations. 
 
 Dividend and Capital Structure Restrictions 
 
 AES Indiana s mortgage and deed of trust and its amended articles of incorporation contain restrictions on AES Indiana s ability to issue certain securities or pay cash dividends. So long as any of the several series of bonds of AES Indiana issued under its mortgage remains outstanding, and subject to certain exceptions, AES Indiana is restricted in the declaration and payment of dividends, or other distribution on shares of its capital stock of any class, or in the purchase or redemption of such shares, to the aggregate of its net income, as defined in the mortgage, after December 31, 1939. In addition, pursuant to AES Indiana s articles, no dividends may be paid or accrued, and no other distribution may be made on AES Indiana s common stock unless dividends on all outstanding shares of AES Indiana preferred stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. On December 30, 2022 (the Redemption Date ), AES Indiana redeemed all of its issued and outstanding preferred stock for 60.1 million (for further discussion, see Note 6, " Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock - Cumulative Preferred Stock " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, AES Indiana was in compliance with these restrictions. 
 
 AES Indiana is also restricted in its ability to pay dividends if it is in default under the terms of its Credit Agreement, which could happen if AES Indiana fails to comply with certain covenants. These covenants, among other things, require AES Indiana to maintain total debt to total capitalization not in excess of 0.67 to 1. As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, AES Indiana was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 IPALCO s Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contain provisions which state that IPALCO may not make a distribution to its shareholders or make a loan to any of its affiliates (other than its subsidiaries), unless: (a) there exists no event of default (as defined in the articles) and no such event of default would result from the making of the distribution or loan; and either (b)(i) at the time of, and/or as a result of, the distribution or loan, IPALCO s leverage ratio does not exceed 0.67 to 1 and IPALCO s interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.50 to 1 or, (b)(ii) if such ratios are not within the parameters, IPALCO s senior long-term debt rating from one of the three major credit rating agencies is at least investment grade. As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, IPALCO was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 37 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The following table presents our selected consolidated financial data which should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the related notes thereto and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The Results of Operations discussion in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations addresses significant fluctuations in operating data. IPALCO is owned by AES U.S. Investments and CDPQ, and therefore does not report income or dividends on a per-share basis. Other data that management believes is important in understanding trends in our business is also included in this table. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (In Thousands) Statement of Operations Data: Revenues 1,791,711 1,426,132 1,352,985 1,481,643 1,450,505 Operating income 233,150 250,670 262,532 296,752 236,358 Income from operations before income tax 118,485 148,123 138,559 167,921 147,474 Net income 96,626 119,182 109,967 132,393 134,025 Balance Sheet Data (end of period): Total assets 5,589,214 5,239,767 4,969,919 4,928,669 4,862,053 Long-term debt (less current maturities) 3,016,810 2,671,656 2,556,278 2,092,430 2,649,064 Common shareholders equity 1,090,518 794,600 520,988 546,476 573,266 Cumulative preferred stock of subsidiary 59,784 59,784 59,784 59,784 Other Data: Capital expenditures (1) 
 496,510 291,546 235,736 219,242 235,764 
 (1) Capital expenditures includes 0 thousand, 36 thousand, 36 thousand, 5,623 thousand and 11,429 thousand of payments for financed capital expenditures in 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the notes thereto. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward-looking statements. Please see Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors. For a list of certain terms, abbreviations or acronyms in this discussion, see Glossary of Terms at the beginning of this Form 10-K. 
 
 OVERVIEW OF 2022 RESULTS AND STRATEGIC PERFORMANCE 
 
 The most important matters on which we focus in evaluating our financial condition and operating performance and allocating our resources include: (i) recurring factors which have significant impacts on operating performance such as: regulatory action, environmental matters, weather and weather-related damage in our service area, customer growth and the local economy; (ii) our progress on performance improvement and growth strategies designed to maintain high standards in several operating areas (including safety, customer satisfaction, operations, financial and enterprise-wide performance, talent management/people, capital allocation/sustainability and corporate social responsibility) simultaneously; and (iii) our short-term and long-term financial and operating strategies. For a discussion of how we are impacted by regulation and environmental matters, please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements and Environmental Matters in Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 Operational Excellence 
 
 Our objective is to optimize AES Indiana s performance in the U.S. utility industry by focusing on the following areas: safety, operations (reliability and customer satisfaction), financial and enterprise-wide performance (efficiency and 
 38 

cost savings, talent management/people, capital allocation/sustainability and corporate social responsibility). We set and measure these objectives carefully, balancing them in a way and to a degree necessary to ensure a sustainable high level of performance in these areas simultaneously as compared to our peers. We monitor our performance in these areas, and where practical and meaningful, compare performance in some areas to peer utilities. Because some of our financial and enterprise-wide performance measures are company-specific performance goals, they are not benchmarked. 
 
 Our safety performance is measured by both leading and lagging metrics. Our leading safety metrics track safety observations, safety meeting engagement and the reporting of non-injury near misses. Our lagging safety metrics track lost workday cases, severity rate, and recordable incidents. We are committed to excellence in safety and have implemented various programs to increase safety awareness and improve work practices. 
 
 AES Indiana measures delivery reliability by Customer Average Interruption Duration Index ("CAIDI"), System Average Interruption Duration Index ("SAIDI") and System Average Interruption Frequency Index ("SAIFI") and benchmarks the reliability metrics against other utilities at both the state and national levels. AES Indiana also measures customer centricity on more of an individual basis by the industry metric of Customers that Experience Multiple Interruption of five or more times ("CEMI-5"). AES Indiana measures generation reliability by Commercial Availability CA , Equivalent Forced Outage Factor EFOF and Equivalent Availability Factor EAF metrics and benchmarks both EFOF and EAF results nationally. We measure Customer Satisfaction using J.D. Power in their Electric Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study and Research America Market Research - Consumer Insight. Monitoring performance in the areas such as competitive rates, operational reliability and customer service supports our ongoing work to deliver reliable service to our customers. 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 Compared with the prior year, the results for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect lower income from operations before income tax of 29.6 million, or 20 , primarily due to factors including, but not limited to: 
 
 in millions 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 Decrease due to a charge to power purchased costs resulting from settlement of the FAC sub-docket on the Eagle Valley CCGT extended outage 
 (27.8) Decrease due to higher maintenance expenses (13.0) Decrease due to higher depreciation expense from additional assets placed in service (10.4) Decrease in DSM shared savings and lost revenues (6.1) Increase in retail margin primarily due to higher demand 18.6 Increase in TDSIC rider revenues 13.1 Other (4.0) Net change in income from operations before income tax (29.6) 
 
 39 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following review of consolidated results of operations and " Capital Resources and Liquidity" sections compare the results for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the results for the year ended December 31, 2021. For discussion comparing the results for the year ended December 31, 2021 to the results for the year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. In addition to the discussion on operations below, please see the Statistical Information on Operations table included in Item 1. Business of this report for additional data such as kWh sales and number of customers by customer class. 
 
 Statements of Operations Highlights 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 vs. 2021 Change 2021 vs. 2020 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 REVENUES 1,791,711 1,426,132 1,352,985 365,579 25.6 73,147 5.4 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES: Fuel 568,676 255,817 247,105 312,859 122.3 8,712 3.5 Power purchased 199,860 175,025 135,767 24,835 14.2 39,258 28.9 Operation and maintenance 493,674 449,746 416,169 43,928 9.8 33,577 8.1 Depreciation and amortization 266,504 256,085 246,896 10,419 4.1 9,189 3.7 Taxes other than income taxes 33,048 44,419 44,516 (11,371) (25.6) (97) (0.2) Other, net (3,201) (5,630) 2,429 (43.1) (5,630) Total operating costs and expenses 1,558,561 1,175,462 1,090,453 383,099 32.6 85,009 7.8 OPERATING INCOME 233,150 250,670 262,532 (17,520) (7.0) (11,862) (4.5) OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE), NET: Allowance for equity funds used during construction 4,784 5,412 4,574 (628) (11.6) 838 18.3 Interest expense (131,232) (125,626) (129,493) (5,606) 4.5 3,867 (3.0) Loss on early extinguishment of debt (237) (2,424) (237) 2,424 (100.0) Other income / (expense), net 12,020 17,667 3,370 (5,647) (32.0) 14,297 424.2 Total other income / (expense), net (114,665) (102,547) (123,973) (12,118) 11.8 21,426 (17.3) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX 118,485 148,123 138,559 (29,638) (20.0) 9,564 6.9 Less: income tax expense 21,859 28,941 28,592 (7,082) (24.5) 349 1.2 NET INCOME 96,626 119,182 109,967 (22,556) (18.9) 9,215 8.4 Less: dividends on and redemption of preferred stock 3,509 3,213 3,213 296 9.2 NET INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK 93,117 115,969 106,754 (22,852) (19.7) 9,215 8.6 

40 

Revenues 
 
 Revenues increased in 2022 from the prior year by 365.6 million, which resulted from the following changes (dollars in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues: Retail Revenues 1,618,342 1,386,679 231,663 16.7 Wholesale Revenues 148,517 25,059 123,458 492.7 Miscellaneous Revenues 24,852 14,394 10,458 72.7 Total Revenues 1,791,711 1,426,132 365,579 25.6 Heating Degree Days (1) : 
 Actual 5,281 4,946 335 6.8 30-year Average 5,244 5,250 Cooling Degree Days (1) : 
 Actual 1,295 1,308 (13) (1.0) 30-year Average 1,171 1,152 
 (1) Heating and cooling degree-days are a measure of the relative heating or cooling required for a home or business. The heating degrees in a day are calculated as the degrees that the average actual daily temperature is below 65 degrees Fahrenheit. For example, if the average temperature on March 20th was 40 degrees Fahrenheit, the heating degree days for that day would be the 25-degree difference between 65 degrees and 40 degrees. Similarly, cooling degree days in a day are calculated as the degrees that the average actual daily temperature is above 65 degrees Fahrenheit. 
 
 The following table presents additional data on kWh sold: 
 2022 2021 kWh Change Change kWh Sales (In Millions) : 
 Residential 5,305 5,172 133 2.6 Small commercial and industrial 1,823 1,774 49 2.8 Large commercial and industrial 6,091 6,006 85 1.4 Public lighting 18 21 (3) (14.3) Sales retail customers 13,237 12,973 264 2.0 Wholesale 2,148 908 1,240 136.6 Total kWh sold 15,385 13,881 1,504 10.8 
 
 The following graph shows the percentage changes in weather-normalized and actual retail electric sales volumes by customer class for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year: 

41 

The increase in revenues of 365.6 million was primarily due to the following: 
 
 in millions 2022 vs. 2021 Retail revenues: Volume: Net increase in the volume of kWh sold, primarily due to higher weather-normalized demand, as well as favorable weather in our service territory versus the comparable period 27.3 Price: Net increase in the weighted average price of retail kWh sold primarily due to higher fuel and TDSIC rider revenues, partially offset by lower Off System Sales and Capacity rider revenues 209.4 Other: Mostly due to decreases in alternative revenues programs as a result of higher DSM shared savings in the prior period 
 (5.0) Net change in retail revenues 231.7 Wholesale revenues: Volume: Net increase in the volume of wholesale kWh sold. The amount of electricity available for wholesale sales is impacted by our retail load requirements, generation capacity and unit availability. 34.2 Price: Net increase in the weighted average price of wholesale kWh sold. Our ability to be dispatched in the MISO market is primarily driven by the locational marginal price of electricity and variable generation costs. 89.2 Net change in wholesale revenues 123.4 Miscellaneous revenues Mostly due to increase in capacity revenues of 11.0 million due to significantly higher clearing prices in the 2022-2023 MISO auction 10.5 Net change in revenues 365.6 

42 

Operating Costs and Expenses 
 
 The following table illustrates changes in Operating costs and expenses from 2021 to 2022 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Operating costs and expenses: Fuel 568,676 255,817 312,859 122.3 Power purchased 199,860 175,025 24,835 14.2 Operation and maintenance 493,674 449,746 43,928 9.8 Depreciation and amortization 266,504 256,085 10,419 4.1 Taxes other than income taxes 33,048 44,419 (11,371) (25.6) Other, net (3,201) (5,630) 2,429 (43.1) Total operating costs and expenses 1,558,561 1,175,462 383,099 32.6 
 
 Fuel 
 
 The increase in fuel costs of 312.9 million was primarily due to the following: 
 
 in millions 2022 vs. 2021 Volume: Coal (6.2) Natural gas 81.0 Oil (0.2) Net change in volume 74.6 Price: Coal 51.8 Natural gas 99.2 Oil 1.8 Deferred fuel 85.5 Net change in price 238.3 Net change in fuel expense 312.9 
 
 The increase in volume during 2022 is primarily due to lower unit availability in 2021 due to the timing and duration of outages, primarily an extended outage at the Eagle Valley CCGT that began in April 2021 until mid-March 2022. The increase in the price of fuel during 2022 is reflective of higher market prices for coal and natural gas. We are generally permitted to recover underestimated fuel and purchased power costs to serve our retail customers in future rates through quarterly FAC proceedings. These variances are deferred when incurred and amortized into expense in the same period that our rates are adjusted to reflect these variances. For further discussion, please see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, fuel and purchased power costs incurred for wholesale energy sales are considered in the Off System Sales Margin rider. 

43 

Power Purchased 
 
 The increase in purchased power costs of 24.8 million was primarily due to the following: 
 
 in millions 2022 vs. 2021 Volume: Net change in the volume of power purchased primarily due to AES Indiana's generation units running more frequently, as well as the timing and duration of outages, during these respective periods (74.5) Price: Market prices 35.1 Deferred purchased power 36.6 Charge recorded in the third quarter of 2022 resulting from the settlement of the FAC sub-docket on the Eagle Valley CCGT unplanned outage 27.8 Net change in price 99.5 Other, net (0.2) Net change in power purchased costs 24.8 
 
 The volume of power purchased each period is primarily influenced by retail demand, generating unit capacity and outages, and the relative cost of producing power versus purchasing power in the market. The Eagle Valley CCGT was on unplanned outage from late April 2021 until mid-March 2022, impacting several FAC periods. The IURC initiated a sub-docket in FAC-133 (IURC Cause No. 38703-FAC-133 S1) to examine the impact of the Eagle Valley extended outage, which was settled in October 2022 and approved by the IURC in January 2023. For further discussion, please see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Deferred Fuel" to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The market price of purchased power is influenced primarily by changes in the market price of delivered fuel (primarily natural gas), the supply of and demand for electricity, and the time of day during which power is purchased. 
 
 Operation and Maintenance 
 
 The increase in Operation and maintenance expense of 43.9 million was primarily due to the following: 
 
 in millions 2022 vs. 2021 Increase in maintenance expenses primarily due to plant-related projects, tree trimming, and distribution maintenance 
 13.0 Increase in contracted services expenses primarily due to distribution and storm related costs 7.6 Increase in DSM program costs (these program costs are recoverable through customer rates and are offset by an increase in DSM revenues) 5.7 Increase in chemicals expenses 3.8 Increase in insurance premiums 3.2 3.2 Increase in bad debt expense 2.9 Increase in compensation and benefit expenses, primarily health insurance costs 2.6 Increase in charges from the Service Company 2.5 Other, net 2.6 Net change in operation and maintenance costs 43.9 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 The increase in Depreciation and amortization expense of 10.4 million was mostly attributed to the impact of additional assets placed in service. 

44 

Taxes Other Than Income Taxes 
 
 The decrease in Taxes other than income taxes of 11.4 million was mostly attributed to the repeal of the URT. For further discussion, please see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - House Bill 1002" to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Other, Net 
 
 The change in Other, net of 2.4 million was attributed to (i) a 5.6 million gain on acquisition recorded in the prior year for the difference between the consideration transferred and the assets and liabilities recognized related to the Hardy Hills Solar Project, partially offset by (ii) a 3.2 million gain recorded in the current year (first quarter of 2022) on remeasurement of contingent consideration associated with the Hardy Hills Solar Project acquisition. See Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation - Hardy Hills Solar Project " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 Other Income / (Expense), Net 
 
 The following table illustrates changes in Other income / (expense), net from 2021 to 2022 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Other income/(expense), net Allowance for equity funds used during construction 4,784 5,412 (628) (11.6) Interest expense (131,232) (125,626) (5,606) 4.5 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (237) (237) Other income / (expense), net 12,020 17,667 (5,647) (32.0) Total other income/(expense), net (114,665) (102,547) (12,118) 11.8 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 The increase in Interest expense of 5.6 million was primarily due to (i) higher interest expense on debt of 5.1 million (mostly due to the 200 million AES Indiana Term Loan Agreement entered into in June 2022 and the debt issuance of 350 million AES Indiana first mortgage bonds in November 2022) and (ii) higher amortization of unrealized losses on interest rate hedges of 2.4 million, partially offset by (iii) an increase in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction of 3.4 million. 
 
 Other Income/(Expense), Net 
 
 The decrease in Other income/(expense), net of 5.6 million was primarily due to a decrease in defined benefit plan income of 5.2 million mostly as a result of a lower expected return on plan assets compared to the prior year. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 The following table illustrates changes in income tax expense from 2021 to 2022 (in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Income tax expense 21,859 28,941 (7,082) (24.5) 
 The decrease in income tax expense of 7.1 million was primarily due to lower pretax income versus the comparable period. 
 
 45 

KEY TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
 During 2023 and beyond, we expect that our financial results will be driven primarily by retail demand, weather, and maintenance costs. In addition, our financial results will likely be driven by many other factors including, but not limited to: 
 regulatory outcomes and impacts; 
 the passage of new legislation, implementation of regulations or other changes in regulation; and 
 timely recovery of capital expenditures. 
 
 If favorable outcomes related to these factors do not occur, or if the challenges described below and elsewhere in this report impact us more significantly than we currently anticipate, then these factors, or other factors unknown to us, may impact our operating margin, net income and cash flows. We continue to monitor our operations and address challenges as they arise. For a discussion of the risks related to our business, see Item 1. Business and Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Operational 
 
 Trade Restrictions and Supply Chain 
 
 On March 29, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce Commerce announced the initiation of an investigation into whether imports into the U.S. of solar cells and panels imported from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam are circumventing antidumping and countervailing duty orders on solar cells and panels from China. This investigation resulted in disruptions to the import of solar panels from Southeast Asia. On July 6, 2022, President Biden issued a Proclamation waiving any tariffs that result from this investigation for a 24-month period. Following President Biden s Proclamation, suppliers in Southeast Asia have begun importing panels again to the U.S. On December 2, 2022, Commerce issued country-wide affirmative preliminary determinations that circumvention had occurred in each of the four South Asian countries. Commerce also evaluated numerous individual companies and issued preliminary determinations that circumvention had occurred with respect to many but not all of these companies. Additionally, Commerce issued a preliminary determination that circumvention would not be deemed to occur for any solar cells and panels imported from the four countries if the wafers were manufactured outside of China or if no more than two out of six specifically identified components were produced in China. These preliminary determinations could be modified and final determinations from Commerce are expected in May 2023 . Additionally, certain suppliers have been blocked from importing solar cells and panels to the U.S. under the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (UFLPA). The UFLPA seeks to block the import of products made with forced labor in certain areas of China. We are monitoring the impacts of these matters on AES Indiana's solar projects. 
 
 While we have executed agreements for AES Indiana's solar projects, further disruptions may impact our suppliers ability or willingness to meet their contractual agreements with respect to these projects on terms that we deem satisfactory. The impact of any adverse Commerce determination, the impact of the UFLPA, future disruptions to the solar panel supply chain and their effect on AES Indiana's solar project development and construction activities is uncertain. AES Indiana will continue to monitor developments and take prudent steps towards managing our renewables projects. 
 
 Capital Projects 
 
 Our construction projects have experienced some indications of delays and price increases due to supply chain disruptions; however, they are currently proceeding without material delays. For further discussion of our capital requirements, see " Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Resources and Liquidity" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economic activity, including electricity and energy consumption, and caused significant volatility in financial markets intermittently in the last three years. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic we have conducted our essential operations without significant disruption. We take a variety of measures to ensure our ability to generate, transmit, distribute and sell electric energy, to ensure the health and safety of our 
 46 

employees, contractors, customers and communities and to provide essential services to the communities in which we operate. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic primarily impacted our retail sales demand. Retail sales demand decreased in 2020 mostly from commercial and industrial customers but has recovered. While we continued to experience some COVID-19 impacts in 2022, such impacts have not been material nor do we expect they will be material, particularly if reduced social distancing measures and improvements in energy demand continue. The magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic is unknown at this time, however, and could have material and adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future periods. Also see " Item 1A. Risk Factors " of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have not had nor do we expect to have a significant impact to our access to capital or our liquidity position as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We also have not experienced any material credit-related impacts due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but continue to monitor and manage our credit exposures in a prudent manner. 
 
 Macroeconomic and Political 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act and U.S. Renewable Energy Tax Credits 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA was signed into law in the United States. The IRA includes provisions that are expected to benefit the Company's planned clean energy projects, including increases, extensions and/or new tax credits for wind, solar, and storage. We expect that the extension of the current solar investment tax credits (ITC) for projects that satisfy wage and apprenticeship requirements, as well as the "technology neutral" clean electricity production tax credit (PTC) and ITC will provide incremental benefits for our renewable projects. 
 
 We account for renewable projects according to U.S. GAAP, which, when partnering with tax-equity investors to monetize tax benefits, utilizes the HLBV method. This method recognizes the tax-credit value that is transferred to tax equity partners at the time of its creation, which for projects utilizing the investment tax credit (ITC), is in the quarter the project begins commercial operation. For projects utilizing the production tax credit, this value is recognized over 10 years as the facility produces energy. We did not realize any benefit related to the IRA in 2022. 
 
 The implementation of the IRA is expected to require substantial guidance from the U.S. Department of Treasury and other government agencies. While that guidance is pending, there will be uncertainty with respect to the implementation of certain provisions of the IRA. 
 
 U.S. Income Tax 
 
 The macroeconomic and political environments in the U.S. have changed during 2021 and 2022. This could result in significant impacts to tax law. An example of this is the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA"), which expands and extends incentives related to investment in renewable energy. We continue to evaluate the applicability and effect of the new law on AES Indiana. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 In the markets in which we operate, there have been higher rates of inflation recently. If inflation continues to increase in our markets, it may increase our expenses that we may not be able to pass through to customers. It may also increase the costs of some of our construction projects. AES Indiana may have the ability to recover operations and maintenance costs through the regulatory process, however, timing impacts on recovery may vary. In addition, the cost of fuel, specifically coal and natural gas, has risen and may remain at current levels or continue to rise further into 2023. Our exposure to fluctuations in the price of fuel is limited because of our FAC. If we are unable to timely or fully recover our fuel and purchased power costs, however, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 
 In July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intended to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rate Committee at the Federal Reserve identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR; alternative reference rates in other 
 47 

key markets are under development. The ICE Benchmark Association has determined that it will cease publication of the one-month, three-month, six-month, and 12-month USD LIBOR rates by June 30, 2023. We hold derivative contracts that use LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark. In order to facilitate an organized transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rate(s), we have established a process to measure and mitigate risks associated with the cessation of LIBOR. As part of this initiative, alternative benchmark rates have been, and continue to be, assessed, and implemented for newly executed agreements. Interest rate derivatives address the LIBOR transition through the adoption of the ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol and subsequent amendments. To the extent that the terms of the derivative instruments do not align following the cessation of LIBOR rates, we will seek to negotiate contract amendments with counterparties or additional derivatives contracts. 
 
 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law (Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act) 
 
 In November 2021, President Biden signed into law the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which provides for approximately 1.2 trillion of federal spending over the next five years across the United States. The BIL s energy-related provisions include new federal funding for power grid infrastructure and resiliency investments, new and existing energy efficiency and weatherization programs, electric vehicle infrastructure for public chargers and additional Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program funding. AES Indiana has identified potential opportunities associated with the BIL and is actively submitting concept papers and grants for those that align with its strategy going forward. 
 
 Regulatory 
 
 For a discussion of the regulatory environment related to our business, see Item 1. Business Regulation and Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2022 IRP 
 
 AES Indiana filed its 2022 IRP with the IURC in December 2022. The 2022 IRP short-term action plan includes converting the two remaining coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025. Additionally, AES Indiana plans to add up to 1,300 MW of wind, solar, and battery energy storage by 2027. For further discussion, see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation" to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 201.5 million and available borrowing capacity of 350 million under our unsecured revolving Credit Agreement. All of AES Indiana s long-term borrowings must first be approved by the IURC and the aggregate amount of AES Indiana s short-term indebtedness must be approved by the FERC. AES Indiana has approval from the FERC to borrow up to 750 million of short-term indebtedness outstanding at any time through July 26, 2024. In November 2021, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC granting authority through December 31, 2024 to, among other things, issue up to 740 million in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt, of which 390 million remains available under the order as of December 31, 2022. This order also grants authority to have up to 750 million of long-term credit agreements and liquidity facilities outstanding at any one time, of which 400 million remains available under the order as of December 31, 2022. As an alternative to the sale of all or a portion of 65 million in principal of the long-term debt, AES Indiana has authority to issue up to 65 million of new preferred stock, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2022. We also have restrictions on the amount of new debt that may be issued due to contractual obligations of AES and by financial covenant restrictions under our existing debt obligations. We do not believe such restrictions will be a limiting factor in our ability to issue debt in the ordinary course of prudent business operations. 
 
 We depend on timely and continued access to capital markets to manage our liquidity needs. The inability to raise capital on favorable terms, to refinance existing indebtedness or to fund operations and other commitments during times of political or economic uncertainty or otherwise could have material adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, changes in the timing of tariff increases or delays in the regulatory determinations as well as unfavorable regulatory outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See " Risks related to our indebtedness and financial condition " in " Item 1A. Risk Factors " and " Regulation " in " Item 1 - Business " of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. From time to time, we may elect to repurchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, privately 
 48 

negotiated transactions or otherwise when management believes such repurchases are favorable to make. The amounts involved in any such repurchases may be material. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table provides a summary of our cash flows: 
 Years ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands) (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 346,346 225,217 295,425 121,129 Net cash used in investing activities (525,087) (368,715) (275,769) (156,372) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 373,377 123,793 (41,586) 249,584 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 194,636 (19,705) (21,930) 214,341 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 6,917 26,622 48,552 (19,705) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 201,553 6,917 26,622 194,636 
 
 The following cash flow discussion compares the cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. For discussion comparing the cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 to the cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The following table summarizes the key components of our consolidated operating cash flows: 
 Years ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands) (in thousands) Net income 96,626 119,182 109,967 (22,556) Depreciation and amortization 266,504 256,085 246,896 10,419 Amortization of debt premium 3,914 3,915 3,942 (1) Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit adjustments (6,706) (7,378) 2,854 672 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 237 2,424 237 Allowance for equity funds used during construction (4,784) (5,412) (4,574) 628 Gain on acquisition (5,630) 5,630 Net income, adjusted for non-cash items 355,791 360,762 361,509 (4,971) Net change in operating assets and liabilities (9,445) (135,545) (66,084) 126,100 Net cash provided by operating activities 346,346 225,217 295,425 121,129 
 
 The net change in operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by the following (in thousands): 
 Increase from short-term and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities is primarily due to higher FAC collections in the current year 143,622 Increase from accrued and other liabilities due to an increase in customer deposits and the payment of legal settlements in the prior year 19,549 Decrease from inventory due to increases in purchases in coal inventory and higher coal prices in the current year (35,472) Other (1,599) Net change in operating assets and liabilities 126,100 
 
 49 

Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 156.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily driven by (in thousands): 
 Higher cash outflows for capital expenditures primarily due to higher growth related capital expenditures from TDSIC Plan investments and the construction of the Hardy Hills Solar Project, as well as higher maintenance related capital expenditures (205,000) Increase due to purchase of intangibles in 2021 26,261 Lower cash outflows on cost of removal due to timing of such payments 11,312 Other 11,055 Net change in investing activities (156,372) 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 249.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily driven by (in thousands): 
 Increase from debt issuances, including 350 million AES Indiana first mortgage bonds in November 2022 350,000 Lower distributions to shareholders 29,490 Decrease from the redemption of preferred stock (60,080) Decrease due to higher net repayments under AES Indiana's revolving credit facilities (45,000) Lower equity capital contributions from shareholders 
 (22,000) Other (2,826) Net change in financing activities 249,584 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditure program, including development and permitting costs, for the three-year period from 2023 through 2025 is currently estimated to cost approximately 2.0 billion (excluding environmental compliance), and includes estimates as follows (amounts in millions): 
 For the three-year period 
 2023 2024 2025 from 2023 through 2025 
 Transmission and distribution related additions, improvements and extensions 168 158 163 489 (1) 
 TDSIC Plan investments 193 189 212 594 (2) 
 Power generation related projects 342 348 121 811 (3) 
 Other miscellaneous equipment 48 28 23 99 Total estimated costs of capital expenditure program 751 723 519 1,993 (1) Additions, improvements and extensions to AES Indiana's transmission and distribution lines, substations, power factor and voltage regulating equipment, distribution transformers and street lighting facilities 
 
 (2) Includes spending under AES Indiana's TDSIC plan approved by the IURC on March 4, 2020 for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements totaling 1.2 billion from 2020 through 2026. Total TDSIC costs expended from project inception through December 31, 2022 were 483.1 million. 
 (3) Includes spending for AES Indiana's power generation and renewable energy projects 

The amounts described in the capital expenditure program above include spending under AES Indiana's 2022 IRP filed with the IURC in December 2022 for the three-year period from 2023 through 2025. See Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation" to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. Additionally, estimated capital expenditure spending on environmental compliance costs for the three-year period from 2023 through 2025 includes plans to spend approximately 2.7 million for studies related to cooling water intake requirements in section 316(b) of the CWA. Please see Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters - Cooling Water Intake Regulations" for additional details. 
 
 50 

Capital Resources 
 
 As IPALCO is a holding company, substantially all of its cash is generated by the operating activities of its subsidiaries, principally AES Indiana. None of its subsidiaries, including AES Indiana, are obligated under or have guaranteed to make payments with respect to the 2024 IPALCO Notes or the 2030 IPALCO Notes; however, all of AES Indiana s common stock is pledged to secure these debt obligations. Accordingly, IPALCO s ability to make payments on the 2024 IPALCO Notes and the 2030 IPALCO Notes depends on the ability of AES Indiana to generate cash and distribute it to IPALCO. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 We expect our existing cash balances, cash generated from operating activities and borrowing capacity on our existing Credit Agreement will be adequate to meet our anticipated operating needs, including interest expense on our debt and dividends to our equity owners. Our business is capital intensive, requiring significant resources to fund operating expenses, construction expenditures, scheduled debt maturities and carrying costs, potential margin requirements related to interest rate and commodity hedges, taxes and dividend payments. For 2023 and subsequent years, we expect to satisfy these requirements with a combination of cash from operations, funds from debt financing, funds from tax equity contributions, and parent capital contributions as our internal liquidity needs and market conditions warrant. We also expect that the borrowing capacity under our existing Credit Agreement will continue to be available to manage working capital requirements during those periods. The absence of adequate liquidity could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Indebtedness 
 
 Significant Debt Transactions 
 
 For further discussion of our significant debt transactions, please see Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 AES Indiana entered into a second amendment and restatement of its 350 million revolving Credit Agreement on December 22, 2022 with a syndication of bank lenders, as discussed in Note 7, Debt - Line of Credit to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We had the following amounts available under the revolving Credit Agreement: 
 in millions Type Maturity Commitment Amounts available at December 31, 2022 AES Indiana Revolving December 2027 350.0 350.0 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 Our ability to borrow money or to refinance existing indebtedness and the interest rates at which we can borrow money or refinance existing indebtedness are affected by our credit ratings. In addition, the applicable interest rates on AES Indiana s Credit Agreement (as well as the amount of certain other fees in the Credit Agreement) are dependent upon the credit ratings of AES Indiana. Downgrades in the credit ratings of AES could result in AES Indiana s and/or IPALCO s credit ratings being downgraded. Any reduction in our debt or credit ratings may adversely affect the trading price of our outstanding debt securities. 

51 

The following table presents the debt ratings and credit ratings (issuer/corporate rating) and outlook for IPALCO and AES Indiana. 
 Debt ratings IPALCO AES Indiana Outlook Fitch Ratings BBB (a) 
 A (b) 
 Stable Moody s Investors Service Baa3 (a) 
 A2 (b) 
 Stable S P Global Ratings BBB- (a) 
 A- (b) 
 Positive Credit ratings IPALCO AES Indiana Outlook Fitch Ratings BBB- BBB+ Stable Moody s Investors Service Baa1 Stable S P Global Ratings BBB BBB Positive (a) Ratings relate to IPALCO's Senior Secured Notes. (b) Ratings relate to AES Indiana's first mortgage bonds.. 
 
 We cannot predict whether our current debt and credit ratings or the debt and credit ratings of AES Indiana will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Such ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 
 Contractual Cash Obligations 
 
 Our non-contingent contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 are set forth below: 
 Payments due in: Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 3 5 Years More Than 5 Years (In Millions) Short-term and long-term debt 3,033.8 485.0 90.0 2,458.8 Interest obligations 1,896.6 137.2 253.1 240.1 1,266.2 Finance lease obligations 41.7 0.8 1.7 1.7 37.5 Purchase obligations: Coal, gas, purchased power and related transportation 1,188.8 323.3 331.1 232.4 302.0 Other 422.4 349.1 59.5 8.8 5.0 Total 6,583.3 810.4 1,130.4 573.0 4,069.5 
 
 Short-term and long-term debt: 
 
 Our short-term and long-term debt at December 31, 2022 consists of outstanding borrowings on the Credit Agreement, AES Indiana first mortgage bonds and IPALCO long-term debt. These long-term debt amounts include current maturities but exclude unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing costs. See Note 7, " Debt " to the Fin ancial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Interest obligations: 
 
 Interest payment obligations are associated with the short-term and long-term debt described above. The interest payments relating to variable-rate debt are projected using the interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Finance lease obligations : 
 
 Finance lease obligations are primarily related to land. For additional information, see Note 14 , " Leases - Lessee " to the Fin ancial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 52 

Purchase obligations: 
 
 Purchase commitments for coal, gas, purchased power and related transportation: 
 
 AES Indiana enters into long-term contracts for the purchase of coal, gas, purchased power and related transportation. In general, these contracts are subject to variable quantities or prices and are terminable only in limited circumstances. 
 
 Purchase orders and other contractual obligations: 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had various other contractual obligations including contracts to purchase goods and services with various terms and expiration dates, as well as obligations under long term construction contracts. Due to uncertainty regarding the timing and payment of future obligations to the Service Company, and our ability to terminate such obligations upon 90 days' notice, we have excluded such amounts in the contractual obligations table above. This table also does not include (i) regulatory liabilities (see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters "), (ii) derivatives (see Note 5, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities "), (iii) taxes (see Note 8, " Income Taxes "), (iv) pension and other postretirement employee benefit liabilities (see Note 9, " Benefit Plans ") and (v) contingencies (see Note 10, " Commitments and Contingencies "). See the indicated notes to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the items excluded. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. As such, we are required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period presented. Therefore, the possibility exists for materially different reported amounts under different conditions or assumptions. Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are described in Note 1 , Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section addresses only those accounting policies involving amounts material to our financial statements that require the most estimation, judgment or assumptions and should be read in conjunction with Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 For information regarding the nature of our revenue streams and our critical accounting policies affecting revenue recognition, please see Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Revenues and Accounts Receivable and Note 13, " Revenues " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes. Our income tax provision requires significant judgment and is based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the potential outcome of tax examinations when determining the adequacy of our income tax provisions by considering the technical merits of the filing position, case law, and results of previous tax examinations. Accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and measurement requirements for financial statement reporting of our income tax positions. If tax positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold, reserves will be established. These reserves are adjusted only when there is more information available or when an event occurs necessitating a change to the reserves. While we have reasonably determined that a tax reserve is not required as of December 31, 2022, it is possible that the ultimate outcome of future examinations may be materially different than our current assessment of uncertain tax positions. Please see Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Income Taxes and Note 8, " Income Taxes " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 

53 

Regulation 
 
 As a regulated utility, we apply the provisions of ASC 980 Regulated Operations, which gives recognition to the ratemaking and accounting practices of the IURC and the FERC. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. Regulatory liabilities generally represent obligations to make refunds or future rate reductions to customers for previous overcollections or the deferral of revenues collected for costs that AES Indiana expects to incur in the future. Specific regulatory assets and liabilities are disclosed in Note 2, Regulatory Matters - Regulatory Assets and Liabilities to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The deferral of costs (as regulatory assets) is appropriate only when the future recovery of such costs is probable. In assessing probability, we consider such factors as specific orders from the IURC, regulatory precedent and the current regulatory environment. To the extent recovery of costs is no longer deemed probable, related regulatory assets would be required to be expensed in current period income. Our regulatory assets and liabilities have been created pursuant to specific orders of the IURC or established regulatory practices, such as other utilities under the jurisdiction of the IURC being granted recovery of similar costs. It is probable, but not certain, that these regulatory assets will be recoverable, subject to IURC approval. 
 
 AROs 
 
 In accordance with the provisions of GAAP relating to the accounting for AROs, legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets are required to be recognized at their fair value at the time those obligations are incurred. Upon initial recognition of a legal liability, costs are capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset and allocated to expense over the useful life of the asset. These GAAP provisions also require that components of previously recorded depreciation related to the cost of removal of assets upon future retirement, whether legal AROs or not, must be removed from a company s accumulated depreciation reserve and be reclassified as a regulatory liability. We make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses as they relate to AROs. These assumptions and estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable at the time. See Note 3, " Property, Plant and Equipment - ARO " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 Pension Plans 
 
 The valuation of our benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets, and net periodic benefit costs requires various estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which include the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. We review these and other assumptions, such as mortality, on an annual basis. Please see Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Pension and Postretirement Benefits and Note 9, " Benefit Plans " to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 Please see Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Contingencies and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about significant contingencies involving us. 

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 Please see Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements and the potential impact to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Overview 
 
 The primary market risks to which we are exposed are those associated with environmental regulation, debt and equity investments, fluctuations in interest rates and the prices of SO 2 and NO x allowances and certain raw materials. We sometimes use financial instruments and other contracts to hedge against such fluctuations, including, on a limited basis, financial and commodity derivatives. We generally do not enter into derivative 
 54 

instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Our U.S. Risk Management Committee (U.S. RMC), comprised of members of senior management, is responsible for establishing risk management policies and the monitoring and reporting of risk exposures related to our operations. The U.S. RMC meets on a regular basis with the objective of identifying, assessing and quantifying material risk issues and developing strategies to manage these risks. 
 
 The disclosures presented in this section are based upon a number of assumptions; actual effects may differ. The safe harbor provided in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall apply to the disclosures contained in this section. For further information regarding market risk, see " Item 1A. Risk Factors ." Our businesses may incur substantial costs and liabilities and be exposed to price volatility as a result of risks associated with the electricity markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance; and we may not be adequately hedged against our exposure to changes in interest rates. 
 
 Wholesale Sales 
 
 We engage in wholesale power marketing activities that primarily involve the offering of utility-owned or contracted generation into the MISO day-ahead and real-time markets. Our ability to compete effectively in the wholesale market is dependent on a variety of factors, including our generating availability, the supply of wholesale power, the demand by load-serving entities, and the formation of AES Indiana s offers into the market. Our wholesale revenues are generated primarily from sales directly to the MISO energy market. The average price per MWh we sold in the wholesale market was 69.14, 27.60 and 24.91 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the periods presented in the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, a decline in wholesale prices could have had a negative impact on wholesale margins, because most of our non-fuel costs are fixed in the short term and lower wholesale prices can result in lower wholesale volumes sold. However, the impact is limited as the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that annual wholesale margins earned above (or below) a benchmark of 16.3 million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. Our wholesale revenues represented 4.3 of our total electric revenues over the past five years. As a result, we anticipate that a 10 change in the market price for wholesale electricity would not have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Fuel 
 
 We have limited exposure to commodity price risk for the purchase of coal and natural gas, the primary fuels used by us for the production of electricity. We manage this risk for coal by providing for a significant portion of our current projected burn through 2023 and approximately 76 of our current projected burn for the three-year period ending December 31, 2025, under long-term contracts. In addition, AES Indiana has established physical natural gas hedges for firm supply over a two year period in accordance with a hedge program approved by the IURC. Pricing provisions in some of our long-term contracts allow for price changes under certain circumstances. Our exposure to fluctuations in the price of fuel is limited because pursuant to Indiana law, we apply to the IURC for a change in our fuel charge every three months to recover our estimated fuel costs, which may be above or below the levels included in our basic rates. We must present evidence in each FAC proceeding that we have made every reasonable effort to acquire fuel and generate or purchase power or both so as to provide electricity to our retail customers at the lowest fuel cost reasonably possible. 
 
 Power Purchased 
 
 We depend on purchased power, in part, to meet our retail load obligations. As a result, we also have limited exposure to commodity price risk for the purchase of electric energy for our retail customers. Purchased power costs can be highly volatile. We are committed under long-term power purchase agreements to purchase all energy from two wind projects that have a combined maximum output capacity of 300 MW and have 94.5 MW of solar-generated electricity in our service territory under long-term contracts. We also purchase up to 8 MW of energy from a combined heat and power facility. We are generally allowed to recover, through our FAC, the energy portion of purchased power costs incurred to meet jurisdictional retail load. In certain circumstances, we may not be allowed to recover a portion of purchased power costs incurred to meet our jurisdictional retail load. See Note 2, Regulatory Matters - FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 Our Pension Plans are impacted significantly by the economy as a result of the Pension Plans being invested in common equity securities. The performance of the Pension Plans investments in such common equity securities 
 55 

and other instruments impacts our earnings as well as our funding liability. A hypothetical 10 decrease in prices quoted by stock exchanges would result in a 8.5 million reduction in fair value as of December 31, 2022 and approximately a 5.9 million increase to the 2023 pension expense. Please see Note 9, Benefit Plans to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional Pension Plan information. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We use long-term debt as a significant source of capital in our business, which exposes us to interest rate risk. We do not enter into market risk sensitive instruments for trading purposes. We manage our exposure to interest rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt and by refinancing existing long-term debt at times when it is deemed economic and prudent. In addition, AES Indiana s Credit Agreement bears interest at a variable rate based either on the Prime interest rate or on the SOFR. Fair values relating to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market rates of interest. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 3,033.8 million principal amount of fixed rate debt and no variable rate debt outstanding. In regard to our fixed rate debt, the interest rate risk with respect to long-term debt primarily relates to the potential impact a decrease in interest rates has on the fair value of our fixed-rate debt and not on our financial condition or results of operations. Our interest rate risk on our fixed-rate debt is associated with refinancing activity. 
 
 The following table shows our consolidated indebtedness (in millions) by maturity as of December 31, 2022: 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fair Value Fixed-rate 445.0 40.0 90.0 2,458.8 3,033.8 2,775.6 Variable-rate Total Indebtedness 445.0 40.0 90.0 2,458.8 3,033.8 2,775.6 Weighted Average Interest Rates by Maturity N/A 3.648 0.650 0.883 N/A 4.877 4.523 
 
 For further discussion of our fair value of our indebtedness and book value of our indebtedness please see Note 4, Fair Value and Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Retail Energy Market 
 
 The legislatures of several states have enacted laws that allow various forms of competition or that experiment with allowing some form of customer choice of electricity suppliers for retail sales of electric energy. Indiana has not done so. In Indiana, competition among electric energy providers for sales has focused primarily on the sale of bulk power to other public and municipal utilities. Indiana law provides for electricity suppliers to have exclusive retail service areas. In order to increase sales, we work to attract new customers into our service territory. Although the retail sales of electric energy are regulated, we face competition from other energy sources. For example, customers have a choice of installing electric or natural gas home and hot water heating systems or installing qualified generation facilities on their premises. 
 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 
 At times, we may utilize forward purchase contracts to manage the risk associated with power purchases and could be exposed to counterparty credit risk in these contracts. We manage this exposure to counterparty credit risk by entering into contracts with companies that are expected to fully perform under the terms of the contract. Individual credit limits are generally implemented for each counterparty to further mitigate credit risk. We may also require a counterparty to provide collateral in the event certain financial benchmarks are not maintained, or certain credit ratings are not maintained. 
 
 We are also exposed to counterparty credit risk related to our ability to collect electricity sales from our customers, which may be impacted by volatility in the financial markets and the economy. Historically, our write-offs of customer accounts have been immaterial, which is common for the electric utility industry. 
 56 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page No. IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2022, 2021 and 2020 (PCAOB ID: 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 62 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock of Subsidiary for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 66 
 AES Indiana and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2022, 2021 and 2020 (PCAOB ID: 
 109 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 112 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 113 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 114 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder s Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 115 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 116 
 
 57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income / (loss), common shareholders equity and cumulative preferred stock of subsidiary, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Board of Directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

58 

Regulatory Accounting 
 
 Regulatory Accounting 
 Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 980 Regulated Operations , which gives recognition to the ratemaking and accounting practices of the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. Regulatory assets can also represent performance incentives permitted by the regulator. Regulatory liabilities generally represent obligations to provide refunds or future rate reductions to customers for previous overcollections or the deferral of revenues collected for costs that the Company expects to incur in the future. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation affects multiple consolidated financial statement line items, including property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; revenues; and depreciation expense, and related disclosures in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Auditing the Company s regulatory accounting was complex due to significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the impact of future regulatory orders on the consolidated financial statements. In particular, there is subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of current and future regulatory orders on events that have occurred through December 31, 2022, judgment required to evaluate the relevance and reliability of audit evidence to support impacted account balances and disclosures, and judgments involved in assessing the probability of recovery in future rates of incurred costs or refunds to customers. These assumptions have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To evaluate the Company s significant judgments in accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities, our audit procedures included, among others, reviewing relevant regulatory orders, statutes and interpretations; filings made by intervening parties; and other publicly available information, to assess the likelihood of recovery of regulatory assets in future rates or of a refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities based on precedents for the treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated the Company s assertions regarding the probability of recovery of regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities, to assess the Company s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or of a refund or future reduction in rates. 
 59 

Asset Retirement Obligations 
 
 Regulatory Accounting 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s asset retirement obligations ARO totaled 218.7 million. As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s ARO liabilities relate primarily to environmental compliance involving asbestos-containing materials, ash ponds, landfills and miscellaneous contaminants associated with its generating plants, transmission system and distribution system. The Company recorded adjustments to its ARO liabilities of 45.8 million during 2022 primarily to reflect revisions to cash flow and timing estimates due to increases to estimated ash pond closure costs and accelerated landfill closure dates. Auditing the Company s ARO liabilities was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required by management to determine the estimated cost estimates of the legal obligations associated with the Company s generating plants, transmission system and distribution system. In particular, the estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions including the scope and method of decommissioning and timing of related cash flows. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the Company s ARO liability estimates, our audit procedures included evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s methodology, interviewing members of the Company s environmental staff and testing significant assumptions and inputs including the timing of activities, projected closure dates and the method of decommissioning. We involved our specialists in our assessment of the Company s ARO liabilities including reviewing the Company s methodology, evaluating the reasonableness of the cost estimates and assumptions, and assessing completeness of the estimates with respect to regulatory requirements. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

March 1, 2023 

60 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 2022 2021 2020 (In Thousands) REVENUES OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES: Fuel Power purchased Operation and maintenance Depreciation and amortization Taxes other than income taxes Other, net ) ) Total operating costs and expenses OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE), NET: Allowance for equity funds used during construction Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Other income / (expense), net Total other income / (expense), net ) ) ) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX Less: income tax expense NET INCOME Less: dividends on and redemption of preferred stock NET INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 61 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 2022 2021 2020 (In Thousands) Net income Derivative activity: Change in derivative fair value, net of income tax effect of ), ) and , for each respective period 
 ) Reclassification to earnings, net of income tax effect of ), ) and ), for each respective period 
 Net change in fair value of derivatives ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Less: dividends on and redemption of preferred stock Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 62 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories Regulatory assets, current Taxes receivable Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets NON-CURRENT ASSETS: Property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Construction work in progress Total net property, plant and equipment OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS: Intangible assets - net Regulatory assets, non-current Pension plan assets Derivative assets, non-current Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (see Notes 7 and 14) Accounts payable Accrued taxes Accrued interest Customer deposits Regulatory liabilities, current Accrued and other current liabilities Total current liabilities NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: Long-term debt (see Notes 7 and 14) Deferred income tax liabilities Regulatory liabilities, non-current Accrued other postretirement benefits Asset retirement obligations Derivative liabilities, non-current Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (see Note 10 
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: Paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income / (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total common shareholders' equity Cumulative preferred stock of subsidiary TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: (In Thousands) Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit adjustments - net ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) Gain on acquisition ) Change in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) ) Accrued taxes payable/receivable ) Accrued interest ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefit assets and liabilities ) ) ) Short-term and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities ) ) Prepayments and other current assets ) ) Other long term liabilities ) Other - net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Project development costs ) ) ) Cost of removal payments ) ) ) Purchase of intangibles ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Repayments under revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Short-term borrowings Repayment of short-term borrowings ) Long-term borrowings Retirement of long-term debt, including early payment premium ) ) Distributions to shareholders ) ) ) Equity contributions from shareholders Redemption of preferred stock ) Preferred dividends of subsidiary ) ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs and discounts ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest (net of amount capitalized) Income taxes Non-cash investing activities: Accruals for capital expenditures Recognition and changes to right-of-use assets - finance leases ) Non-cash financing activities: Recognition and changes to financing lease liabilities ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders' Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock of Subsidiary For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Paid in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Common Shareholders' Equity Cumulative Preferred Stock of Subsidiary (In Thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Net Income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Distributions to shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) Other Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net Income Other comprehensive income Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Distributions to shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) Contributions from shareholders Other Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net Income Other comprehensive income Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Redemption of preferred stock ) ) ) Distributions to shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) Contributions from shareholders Other Balance at December 31, 2022 ) (1) IPALCO made return of capital payments of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for the portion of current year distributions to shareholders in excess of current year net income. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 65 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

1. and CDPQ ). AES U.S. Investments is owned by AES U.S. Holdings, LLC and CDPQ ). IPALCO owns all of the outstanding common stock of IPL, which does business as AES Indiana. Substantially all of IPALCO s business consists of generating, transmitting, distributing and selling of electric energy conducted through its principal subsidiary, AES Indiana. AES Indiana was incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana in 1926. AES Indiana has approximately retail customers in the city of Indianapolis and neighboring cities, towns and communities, and adjacent rural areas all within the state of Indiana. AES Indiana has an exclusive right to provide electric service to those customers. AES Indiana owns and operates generating stations all within the state of Indiana. Our largest generating station, Petersburg, is coal-fired, and AES Indiana retired MW Petersburg Unit 1 on May 31, 2021 and has plans to retire MW Petersburg Unit 2 in 2023, which would result in MW of total retired economic capacity at this station. AES Indiana plans to convert the remaining two coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025 (for further discussion, see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation "). The second largest station, Harding Street, uses natural gas and fuel oil to power combustion turbines. In addition, AES Indiana operates a MW battery energy storage unit at this location, which provides frequency response. The third station, Eagle Valley, is a CCGT natural gas plant. The fourth station, Georgetown, is a small peaking station that uses natural gas to power combustion turbines. As of December 31, 2022, AES Indiana s net electric generation capacity for winter is MW and net summer capacity is MW. On December 17, 2021, AES Indiana, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AES Indiana Devco Holdings 1, LLC, completed the acquisition of Hardy Hills Solar Energy LLC, including the development of a MW solar project (the "Hardy Hills Solar Project"). As amended in December 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Hardy Hills Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2024. In July 2021, AES Indiana, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AES Indiana Devco Holdings 2, LLC, executed an agreement to acquire a MW solar and MWh energy storage facility (the "Petersburg Solar Project"). As amended in October 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Petersburg Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2025. 
 
 IPALCO s other direct subsidiary is Mid-America. Mid-America is the holding company for IPALCO s unregulated activities, which have not been material to the financial statements in the periods covered by this report. IPALCO s regulated business is conducted through AES Indiana. IPALCO has business segments: utility and nonutility. The utility segment consists of the operations of AES Indiana and everything else is included in the nonutility segment. 

66 

Restricted cash (included in Prepayments and other current assets) Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 Unbilled revenues Amounts due from related parties Other Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 

67 

) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Beginning Allowance Balance at January 1, 2021 Current Period Provision Write-offs Charged Against Allowances Recoveries Collected Ending Allowance Balance at December 31, 2021 Allowance for credit losses ) 
 
 The allowance for credit losses primarily relates to utility customer receivables, including unbilled amounts. Expected credit loss estimates are developed by disaggregating customers into those with similar credit risk characteristics and using historical credit loss experience. In addition, we also consider how current and future economic conditions are expected to impact collectability, as applicable, of our receivable balance. Amounts are written off when reasonable collections efforts have been exhausted. 

Materials and supplies, net Total inventories 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 , 3.7 and 3.7 during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. "Depreciation and amortization" expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations is presented net of regulatory deferrals of depreciation expense and also includes amortization of intangible assets and amortization of previously deferred regulatory costs. 

, and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

68 

billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana had million and million, respectively, of long-term regulatory assets associated with the Petersburg Unit 1 retirement and the probable Petersburg Unit 2 retirement (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation and Note 3 , "Property, Plant and Equipment" . We do not believe any of these assets are currently impaired. In making this assessment, we consider such factors as: the overall condition and generating and distribution capacity of the assets; the expected ability to recover additional expenditures in the assets; the anticipated demand and relative pricing of retail electricity in our service territory and wholesale electricity in the region; and the cost of fuel. 
 
 million and million and its corresponding accumulated amortization of million and million is recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for capitalized software was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These capitalized software intangible assets have a 7 year-weighted average amortization period and the estimated amortization expense is approximately million over the next 5 years million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027). Project development intangible assets were million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These project development intangible assets have a 30 year-weighted average amortization period and the estimated amortization expense is approximately million over the next 5 years in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027). 
 
 Implementation Costs Related to Software as a Service 
 
 IPALCO has recorded prepayments for implementation costs related to software as a service in support of utility customer services of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are recorded within " Other non-current assets " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

million and million, respectively, which were included in Accrued and Other Current Liabilities and " Other Non-Current Liabilities 
 
 of AES Indiana s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. AES Indiana s contract with the physical unit expires on , and the contract with the clerical-technical unit expires . Additionally, AES Indiana has long-term coal contracts with suppliers, and substantially all of AES Indiana's coal is currently mined in the state of Indiana. 

69 

. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss) 
 
 Income tax effect ) ) ) Total reclassifications for the period, net of income taxes 
 
 See Note 5, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Cash Flow Hedges " for further information on the changes in the components of AOCL. 
 
 70 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 AES Indiana s basic rates include a provision for fuel costs as established in AES Indiana s most recent rate proceeding, which last adjusted AES Indiana s rates in December 2018. AES Indiana is permitted to recover actual costs of purchased power and fuel consumed, subject to certain restrictions. This is accomplished through quarterly FAC proceedings, in which AES Indiana estimates the amount of fuel and purchased power costs in future periods. Through these proceedings, AES Indiana is also permitted to recover, in future rates, underestimated fuel and purchased power costs from prior periods, subject to certain restrictions, and therefore the over or underestimated costs are deferred or accrued and amortized into fuel expense in the same period that AES Indiana s rates are adjusted. See also Note 2, Regulatory Matters for a discussion of other costs that AES Indiana is permitted to recover through periodic rate adjustment proceedings and the status of current rate adjustment proceedings. 
 
 In addition, we are one of many transmission system owner members of MISO, a RTO which maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and manages one of the largest energy markets in the U.S. See Note 13, " Revenues " for additional information of MISO sales and other revenue streams. 
 
 Operating Expenses Other, Net 
 
 Operating expenses Other, net generally includes gains or losses on asset sales, dispositions or acquisitions, gains or losses on the sale or acquisition of businesses, and other expense or income from miscellaneous operating transactions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the million is primarily due to a gain on remeasurement of contingent consideration associated with the Hardy Hills Solar Project acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the million represents a gain on acquisition. 
 
 71 

See Note 2, " Regulatory Matters " for additional information. 
 
 IPALCO and its subsidiaries file U.S. federal income tax returns as part of the consolidated U.S. income tax return filed by AES. The consolidated tax liability is allocated to each subsidiary based on the separate return method which is specified in our tax allocation agreement and which provides a consistent, systematic and rational approach. See Note 8, " Income Taxes " for additional information. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements that had an impact on the Company s Financial Statements. Accounting pronouncements not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or did not have a material impact on the Company s Financial Statements. 
 
 New Accounting Standards Adopted ASU Number and Name Description Date of Adoption Effect on the Financial Statements upon adoption 2020-04, 2021-01 and 2022-06, Reference Rate Form (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting The amendments in these updates provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference to LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued by reference rate reform, and clarify that certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. These amendments are effective for a limited period of time (March 12, 2020 - December 31, 2024). March 12, 2020 - December 31, 2024 The Company adopted this standard on a prospective basis and it did not have a material impact on the Financial Statements. 

ASC 326 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses 
 
 On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASC 326 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses and its subsequent corresponding updates ("ASC 326"). The new standard updates the impairment model for financial assets measured at amortized cost, known as the Current Expected Credit Loss ("CECL") model. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments, entities are required to use a new forward-looking "expected loss" model that generally results in the earlier recognition of an allowance for credit losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities measure credit losses as it was done under previous GAAP, except that unrealized losses due to credit-related factors are now recognized as an allowance on the balance sheet with a corresponding adjustment to earnings in the income statement. 
 
 The Company applied the modified retrospective method of adoption for ASC 326. Under this transition method, the Company applied the transition provisions starting at the date of adoption. The CECL model primarily impacts the calculation of the Company's expected credit losses in gross customer trade accounts receivable. The adoption of ASC 326 and the application of CECL on our trade accounts receivable did not have a material impact on our Financial Statements. 
 
 72 

million, or , increase to annual revenues (the "2018 Base Rate Order"). The 2018 Base Rate Order includes recovery through rates of the CCGT at Eagle Valley completed in the first half of 2018, as well as other construction projects and changes to operating income since the 2016 Base Rate Order. New basic rates and charges became effective on December 5, 2018. The 2018 Base Rate Order also provides customers approximately million in benefits, which flowed to customers over the two-year period that began March 2019, via the ECCRA rate adjustment mechanism. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these credits have been fully returned to customers. In addition, the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that annual wholesale margins earned above (or below) the benchmark of million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. Prior to the 2018 Base Rate Order, wholesale sales margins were shared with customers above and below an established benchmark of million. Similarly, the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that all capacity sales above (or below) a benchmark of million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. The 2018 Base Rate Order also approved changes to AES Indiana's depreciation and amortization rates (including no longer deferring depreciation on the CCGT at Eagle Valley) which altogether represent a net expense increase of approximately million annually. 

73 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. AES Indiana's regulatory liability attributed to the Cumulative Deficiencies calculation was and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is recorded within " Regulatory liabilities, current " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 ECCRA 
 
 AES Indiana may apply to the IURC for approval of a rate adjustment known as the ECCRA periodically to recover costs (including a return) to comply with certain environmental regulations applicable to AES Indiana s generating stations. The total amount of AES Indiana s environmental equipment approved for ECCRA recovery as of December 31, 2022 was million. The jurisdictional revenue requirement approved by the IURC to be included in AES Indiana s rates for the twelve-month period ending February 2023 is a net cost to customers of million. The only environmental equipment still remaining in the ECCRA as of December 31, 2022 are certain projects associated with NAAQS compliance. 
 
 DSM 
 
 Through various rate orders from the IURC, AES Indiana has been able to recover its costs of implementing various DSM programs throughout the periods covered by this report. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, AES Indiana also had the ability to receive performance incentives, dependent upon the level of success of the programs. Performance incentives included in rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 On December 29, 2020, the IURC approved a settlement agreement establishing a new three year DSM plan for AES Indiana through 2023. The approval included cost recovery of programs as well as performance incentives, depending on the level of success of the programs. The order also approved recovery of lost revenues, consistent with the provisions of the settlement agreement. 
 
 Wind and Solar Power Purchase Agreements 
 
 We are committed under a power purchase agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2029 from a wind project in Indiana. We are also committed under another agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2031 from a project in Minnesota. The Indiana project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW and the Minnesota project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW. In addition, we have MW of solar-generated electricity in our service territory under long-term contracts (these long-term contracts have expiration dates ranging from 2026 to 2033), of which MW was in operation as of December 31, 2022. We have authority from the IURC to recover the costs for all of these agreements through an adjustment mechanism administered within the FAC. If and when AES Indiana sells the renewable energy attributes 
 74 

percent of eligible costs can be recovered using a periodic rate adjustment mechanism. The cost recovery mechanism is referred to as a TDSIC mechanism. Recoverable costs include a return on, and of, the investment, including AFUDC, post-in-service carrying charges, operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation and property taxes. The remaining percent of recoverable costs are to be deferred for future recovery in the public utility s next base rate case. The periodic rate adjustment mechanism is capped at an annual increase of no more than percent of total retail revenues. 
 
 On March 4, 2020, the IURC issued an order approving the projects in a seven-year TDSIC Plan for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements totaling billion from 2020 through 2026. Beginning in June 2020, AES Indiana files an annual TDSIC rate adjustment for a return on and of investments through March 31 with rates requested to be effective each November. Annual TDSIC plan update filings are required to be staggered by six months as ordered by the IURC and are filed each December. The total amount of AES Indiana s equipment approved for TDSIC recovery as of December 31, 2022 was million. The jurisdictional revenues requirement approved by the IURC to be included in AES Indiana s rates for the twelve-month period ending October 2023 is a net cost to customers of million. 
 
 IRP Filings and Replacement Generation 
 
 Electric utilities in Indiana are required to submit Integrated Resource Plans (IRPs) every three years. The IRPs are subject to a rigorous stakeholder process. IRPs describe how the utility plans to deliver safe, reliable, and efficient electricity at just and reasonable rates. 
 
 2022 IRP 
 
 AES Indiana held public advisory meetings for the 2022 IRP in January, April, June, September and October of 2022. Changes to our generation portfolio are evaluated and decided through the IRP. AES Indiana issued an all-source Request for Proposal on April 14, 2022, in order to competitively procure energy and capacity in the near term; such need was evaluated in AES Indiana's 2022 IRP. 
 
 In December 2022, AES Indiana filed its 2022 IRP with the IURC, which describes AES Indiana's Preferred Resource Portfolio for meeting generation capacity needs for serving AES Indiana's retail customers over the next several years. The Preferred Resource Portfolio is AES Indiana's reasonable least cost option and provides a cleaner and more diverse generation mix for customers. The 2022 IRP short-term action plan includes converting the two remaining coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025. AES Indiana has not yet filed for the necessary regulatory approvals from the IURC to convert Petersburg units 3 and 4; however, AES Indiana expects to do so at the appropriate time. Additionally, AES Indiana plans to add up to 1,300 MW of wind, solar, and battery energy storage by 2027. As new technologies, such as green hydrogen, small modular reactors and carbon capture are developed and cost effective, AES Indiana will evaluate them in the future planning processes. As a result of the plan to convert Petersburg units 3 and 4 to natural gas, AES Indiana recorded a million write off of capital projects during the period ended December 31, 2022 to " Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance " on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 2019 IRP 
 
 In December 2019, AES Indiana filed its 2019 IRP, which included the retirement of approximately MW of coal-fired generation at Petersburg Units 1 and 2 in 2021 and 2023, respectively. Based on extensive modeling, AES Indiana has determined that the cost of operating Petersburg Units 1 and 2 exceeds the value customers receive 
 75 

million, million, and of obsolescence losses, during the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for materials and supplies inventory AES Indiana does not believe will be utilized by the planned retirement dates, which is recorded in " Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance " on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 As a result of the plans to retire Petersburg Units 1 and 2, AES Indiana filed a petition with the IURC on February 26, 2021 for approvals and cost recovery associated with these retirements. On August 6, 2021, AES Indiana filed an uncontested Stipulation and Settlement Agreement with the other parties in the case which includes: (1) AES Indiana's creation of regulatory assets for the net book value of Petersburg units 1 and 2 upon retirement; (2) a method for amortization of the regulatory assets; and (3) recovery of the regulatory assets through ongoing amortization in AES Indiana s future rate cases. The Settlement Agreement also reserves all rights of all the parties with respect to the ratemaking treatment related to the regulatory assets, including the proper rate of return and mechanisms for recovery. On November 17, 2021, the IURC approved the Settlement Agreement without modification. AES Indiana retired MW Petersburg Unit 1 on May 31, 2021 and expects to retire Unit 2 in 2023. 
 
 AES Indiana had million and million of Petersburg Units 1 and 2 retirement costs, respectively, net of accumulated amortization, recorded as long-term regulatory assets as of December 31, 2022. AES Indiana had 60.1 million and 239.9 million of Petersburg Units 1 and 2 retirement costs, respectively, net of accumulated amortization, recorded as long-term regulatory assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Hardy Hills Solar Project 
 
 In January 2021, AES Indiana, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AES Indiana Devco Holdings 1, LLC, executed an agreement for the acquisition and construction of the MW Hardy Hills Solar Project to be developed in Clinton County, Indiana. As amended in December 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Hardy Hills Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2024. On June 16, 2021, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC approving a petition and case-in-chief seeking a CPCN for this solar project, including a joint venture structure between an AES Indiana subsidiary and one or more tax equity partners upon completion and approval for recovery of project development costs and carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. The transaction closed in December 2021 and was accounted for as an asset acquisition of a variable interest entity that did not meet the definition of a business; therefore, the individual assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair values. Total net assets of million were recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with the transaction, primarily consisting of a development project intangible asset (see Note 1, "Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Intangible Assets" ). A gain for the difference between the consideration transferred and the assets and liabilities recognized was recorded in Operating costs and expenses - Other, net on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total consideration included a future payment contingent on certain future costs incurred by the project. As such, a million contingent liability was recorded in " Other Non-Current Liabilities" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, this liability was remeasured due to updated cost estimates and was reduced to 0.0 million. 
 
 Petersburg Solar Project 
 
 In July 2021, AES Indiana, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AES Indiana Devco Holdings 2, LLC, executed an agreement for the acquisition and construction of a MW solar and MWh energy storage facility to be developed in Pike County, Indiana. As amended in October 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Petersburg Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2025. On July 30, 2021, AES Indiana filed a petition and case-in-chief with the IURC seeking a CPCN for this solar project and on November 24, 2021, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC approving the project, including a joint venture structure between an AES Indiana subsidiary and one or more tax equity partners upon completion and approval for recovery of project development costs and carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. 

76 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. On August 25, 2021, the IURC closed the investigation to consider and address the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. For further discussion on the COVID-19 pandemic, see Note 15, " Risks and Uncertainties - COVID-19 Pandemic ." 
 
 Excess Distributed Generation Rates 
 
 On March 1, 2021, AES Indiana filed a petition with the IURC for approval of its proposed rate for the procurement of excess distributed generation ("EDG") and related consumer EDG credit issues. The EDG rate replaced the net metering program beginning in July 2022, when net metering was no longer available to new customers. The IURC approved the EDG rate by order dated January 26, 2022, On March 16, 2022, the IURC denied the petition for reconsideration filed by the other parties on February 15, 2022. The matter remains subject to the pending appeal filed by the other parties on February 22, 2022, which is currently being held in abeyance by the Indiana Court of Appeals pending resolution of a petition to transfer to the Indiana Supreme Court filed in a similar case involving a different and unaffiliated utility. The stay was extended by the Indiana Court of Appeals on July 11, 2022 and currently remains in effect. On January 4, 2023, the Indiana Supreme Court issued a final decision in favor of the utility in the similar case that served as the basis of the stay in the AES Indiana case. On February 3, 2023, the OUCC moved to dismiss the appeal, which motion was granted on February 13, 2023. 
 
 Electric Vehicle Portfolio Program 
 
 On January 27, 2023, AES Indiana filed with the IURC a request to approve its Electric Vehicle (EV) Portfolio and associated accounting and ratemaking treatment. The EV Portfolio includes two separate parts: (1) a set of EV specific rates, tariffs, and alternative pricing structures, and (2) a set of Public Use EV Pilot Programs. The EV portfolio is designed to produce net benefits for all customers through new retail margins and grid optimization. The projected costs to successfully implement the services proposed in the EV Portfolio are estimated at million over the year period. AES Indiana requested approval to defer as a regulatory asset and recover in future base rates the cost necessary to implement the EV Portfolio, including carrying charges. 

77 

78 

to years. Tax-related regulatory assets represent the net income tax costs to be considered in future regulatory proceedings generally as the tax-related amounts are paid. 
 
 The amounts of regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities at December 31 are as follows: 
 Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Fuel costs Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Costs being recovered through basic rates and charges Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory assets Long-term: Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs Various (2) 
 Deferred MISO costs Through 2026 (1) 
 Unamortized Petersburg Unit 4 carrying charges and certain other costs Through 2026 (1)(3) 
 Unamortized reacquisition premium on debt Over remaining life of debt Environmental costs Through 2046 (1)(3) 
 COVID-19 costs To be determined TDSIC costs 36.3 years (1)(3) 
 Petersburg Unit 1 and 2 retirement costs Through 2034 (1)(3) 
 Hardy Hills Solar Project costs To be determined (3) 
 Petersburg Solar Project costs To be determined Fuel costs Through 2025 (1) 
 Other miscellaneous Various (4) 
 Total long-term regulatory assets Total regulatory assets Regulatory Liabilities Current: Overcollections and other credits being passed to customers through rate riders Approximately 1 year (1) 
 FTRs Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory liabilities Long-term: ARO and accrued asset removal costs Not applicable Deferred income taxes payable to customers through rates Various Major storm damage To be determined Total long-term regulatory liabilities Total regulatory liabilities 
 (1) Recovered (credited) per specific rate orders 
 (2) AES Indiana receives a return on its discretionary funding 
 (3) Recovered with a current return 
 (4) The majority of these costs are being recovered in basic rates and charges through 2026. For the remainder, recovery is probable, but the 
 
 79 

million of previously deferred costs and to credit an additional million to customers in future rates. As such, AES Indiana recorded a million charge to " Power purchased " in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the third quarter of 2022. On January 18, 2023, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC approving the settlement. 
 
 Unrecognized Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plan Costs 
 
 In accordance with ASC 715 Compensation Retirement Benefits and ASC 980, we recognize a regulatory asset equal to the unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs. Pension expenses or income are recorded based on the benefit plan s actuarially determined pension liability or asset and associated level of annual expenses or income to be recognized. The other postretirement benefit plan s deferred benefit cost is the excess of the other postretirement benefit liability over the amount previously recognized. 
 
 Deferred MISO Costs 
 
 These consist of administrative costs for transmission services, transmission expansion cost sharing, and certain other operational and administrative costs from the MISO market. These costs are being recovered per specific rate order. 

80 

to years. 
 
 COVID-19 Costs 
 
 These consist of deferred fees (foregone late fees, reconnection fees and disconnection fees), as well as deferred convenience payments and incremental bad debt expense as the result of COVID-19. See " IURC COVID-19 Orders " above for additional discussion. 
 
 TDSIC Costs 
 
 These consist of various costs incurred for AES Indiana's approved TDSIC Plan. These costs were approved for recovery through AES Indiana's TDSIC proceedings and amortization periods range from to years. See " TDSIC " above for additional discussion. 
 
 Petersburg Unit 1 and 2 Retirement Costs 
 
 These consist of the estimated remaining net book value of Petersburg Unit 1 and 2 at its anticipated date of retirement. In accordance with ASC 980, it was determined that the Petersburg Unit 1 retirement became probable, in the fourth quarter of 2020, and the Petersburg Unit 2 retirement became probable in the fourth quarter of 2021. As the entire carrying value of these assets will be recoverable through future rates, no loss on abandonment was recorded and the asset was reclassified from net property, plant and equipment to a long-term regulatory asset. See " IRP Filings and Replacement Generation " above for additional discussion. 
 
 Hardy Hills Solar Project Costs 
 
 These consist of project development costs, mainly legal and consulting fees, incurred for the Hardy Hills Solar Project as well as carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. These costs were approved for recovery through AES Indiana s Hardy Hills Solar Project regulatory proceedings, but amortization will be determined in a future rate case filing. 
 
 Petersburg Solar Project Costs 
 
 These consist of project development costs, mainly legal and consulting fees, incurred for the Petersburg Solar Project as well as carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. These costs were approved for recovery through AES Indiana s Petersburg Solar Project regulatory proceedings, but amortization will be determined in a future rate case filing. 
 
 FTRs 
 
 In connection with AES Indiana s participation in MISO, in the second quarter of each year AES Indiana is granted financial instruments that can be converted into cash or FTRs based on AES Indiana s forecasted peak load for the period. See Note 4 , "Fair Value - Fair Value Hierarchy and Valuation Techniques - Financial Assets - FTRs " for additional information. 
 81 

to , beginning January 1, 2018. As required by GAAP, on December 31, 2017, AES Indiana and IPALCO remeasured their deferred income tax assets and liabilities using the new tax rate. The impact of the reduction of the income tax rate on deferred income taxes was utilized in the 2018 Base Rate Order to reduce jurisdictional retail rates. Accordingly, we have a net regulatory deferred income tax liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

3. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
 Transmission Distribution General plant Total property, plant and equipment 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana had million and million, respectively, of net property, plant and equipment associated with the probable Petersburg Unit 1 and Unit 2 retirements recorded as long-term regulatory assets (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation ). 
 
 Substantially all of AES Indiana s property is subject to a million direct first mortgage lien, as of December 31, 2022, securing AES Indiana s first mortgage bonds. Total non-contractually or legally required accrued removal costs of utility plant in service at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively; and total contractually or legally required removal costs of property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Please see ARO below for further information. 
 
 ARO 
 
 ASC 410 Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations addresses financial accounting and reporting for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal operation. A legal obligation for purposes of ASC 410 is an obligation that a party is required to settle as a result of an existing law, statute, ordinance, written or oral contract or the doctrine of promissory estoppel. 

82 

Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) Revisions to cash flow and timing estimates Accretion Balance as of December 31 
 
 million and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily to reflect revisions to cash flow and timing estimates due to increases to estimated ash pond closure costs and accelerated landfill closure dates. The liabilities incurred in 2022 relate to AES Indiana's solar projects. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana did not have any assets that are legally restricted for settling its ARO liability. 

4. 

83 

million. All changes in the market value of the interest rate hedges are recorded in AOCI / (AOCL). See also Note 5, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Cash Flow Hedges " for further information. 

84 

Mutual funds Total VEBA investments FTRs Interest rate hedges Total financial assets measured at fair value Financial liabilities: Interest rate hedges Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 Issuances Settlements ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Issuances Settlements ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Debt 
 
 The fair value of our outstanding fixed-rate debt has been determined on the basis of the quoted market prices of the specific securities issued and outstanding. In certain circumstances, the market for such securities was inactive and therefore the valuation was adjusted to consider changes in market spreads for similar securities. Accordingly, the purpose of this disclosure is not to approximate the value on the basis of how the debt might be refinanced. 
 
 85 

Variable-rate Total indebtedness 
 
 The difference between the face value and the carrying value of this indebtedness represents the following: 
 
 unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and 
 unamortized discounts of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

FTRs Not Designated MWh 
 (a) Refers to whether the derivative instruments have been designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 As part of our risk management processes, we identify the relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The fair values of cash flow hedges determined by current public market prices will continue to fluctuate with changes in market prices up to contract expiration. The change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is recorded in other comprehensive income and amounts deferred are reclassified to earnings in the same income statement line as the hedged item in the period in which it settles. 
 
 In March 2019, we entered into forward interest rate swaps to hedge the interest risk associated with refinancing the IPALCO 2020 maturities. The interest rate swaps had a combined notional amount of million. In April 2020, we de-designated the swaps as cash flow hedges and froze the AOCL of million at the date of de-designation. The interest rate swaps were then amended and re-designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the interest rate risk associated with refinancing the 2024 IPALCO Notes. The amended interest rate swaps have a combined notional amount of million and will be settled when the 2024 IPALCO Notes are refinanced. The million of AOCL associated with the interest rate swaps through the date of the amendment is being amortized out of AOCL into interest expense over the remaining life of the 2030 IPALCO Notes, while any changes in fair value associated with the amended interest rate swaps will be recognized in AOCL going forward. 
 
 86 

) ) Net gains / (losses) associated with current period hedging transactions ) Net losses reclassified to interest expense, net of tax Ending accumulated derivative gains / (losses) in AOCI / (AOCL) ) ) Losses expected to be reclassified to earnings in the next twelve months 
 ) Maximum length of time that we are hedging our exposure to variability in future cash flows related to forecasted transactions (in months) 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge 
 
 AES Indiana's FTRs and forward power contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting or the normal purchases and sales exceptions under ASC 815. Accordingly, FTRs are recorded at fair value using the income approach when acquired and subsequently amortized over the annual period as they are used. The forward power contracts are recorded at fair value using the market approach with changes in the fair value charged or credited to the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period in which the change occurred. This is commonly referred to as "MTM accounting." Realized gains and losses on the forward power contracts are included in future FAC filings, therefore any realized and unrealized gains and losses are deferred as regulatory liabilities or regulatory assets. There were net realized gains of million and million related to forward power contracts during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the forward power contracts that were deferred and included with deferred fuel costs in "Regulatory assets, current" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Certain qualifying derivative instruments have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales contracts, as provided under GAAP. Derivative contracts that have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales under GAAP are not subject to hedge or MTM accounting and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations on an accrual basis. 
 
 When applicable, IPALCO has elected not to offset derivative assets and liabilities and not to offset net derivative positions against the right to reclaim cash collateral pledged (an asset) or the obligation to return cash collateral received (a liability) under derivative agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, IPALCO did not have any offsetting positions. 
 
 The following table summarizes the fair value, balance sheet classification and hedging designation of IPALCO's derivative instruments (in thousands): 
 Interest rate hedges Cash Flow Hedge Derivative assets, non-current Interest rate hedges Cash Flow Hedge Derivative liabilities, non-current 

6. 
 
 million, of which million was contributed by AES U.S. Holdings, LLC and million was contributed by CDPQ. IPALCO then received equity capital contributions totaling million, of which million was contributed by AES U.S. Investments and million was contributed by CDPQ. 
 87 

million, of which million was contributed by AES U.S. Holdings, LLC and million was contributed by CDPQ. IPALCO then received equity capital contributions totaling million, of which million was contributed by AES U.S. Investments and million was contributed by CDPQ. 
 
 IPALCO then made the same investments in AES Indiana in 2021 and 2022. The proceeds are intended primarily for funding needs related to AES Indiana s TDSIC and replacement generation projects. The capital contributions were made on a proportional share basis and, therefore, did not change CDPQ s or AES ownership interests in IPALCO or AES U.S. Investments. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 
 AES Indiana s mortgage and deed of trust and its amended articles of incorporation contain restrictions on AES Indiana s ability to issue certain securities or pay cash dividends. So long as any of the several series of bonds of AES Indiana issued under its mortgage remains outstanding, and subject to certain exceptions, AES Indiana is restricted in the declaration and payment of dividends, or other distribution on shares of its capital stock of any class, or in the purchase or redemption of such shares, to the aggregate of its net income, as defined in the mortgage, after December 31, 1939. In addition, pursuant to AES Indiana s articles, no dividends may be paid or accrued, and no other distribution may be made on AES Indiana s common stock unless dividends on all outstanding shares of AES Indiana preferred stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, AES Indiana was in compliance with these restrictions. Additionally, all of AES Indiana's preferred stock was redeemed on December 30, 2022 (see " Cumulative Preferred Stock " below for further details). 
 
 AES Indiana is also restricted in its ability to pay dividends if it is in default under the terms of its Credit Agreement, which could happen if AES Indiana fails to comply with certain covenants. These covenants, among other things, require AES Indiana to maintain a ratio of total debt to total capitalization not in excess of to . As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, AES Indiana was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 IPALCO s Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contain provisions which state that IPALCO may not make a distribution to its shareholders or make a loan to any of its affiliates (other than its subsidiaries), unless: (a) there exists no event of default (as defined in the articles) and no such event of default would result from the making of the distribution or loan; and either (b)(i) at the time of, and/or as a result of, the distribution or loan, IPALCO s leverage ratio does not exceed to and IPALCO s interest coverage ratio is not less than to or, (b)(ii) if such ratios are not within the parameters, IPALCO s senior long-term debt rating from one of the three major credit rating agencies is at least investment grade. As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, IPALCO was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, IPALCO declared and paid distributions to its shareholders totaling million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Cumulative Preferred Stock 
 
 On December 30, 2022 (the Redemption Date ), AES Indiana redeemed all of its issued and outstanding preferred stock for 60.1 million. On the Redemption Date, the Preferred Stock of each series was redeemed with all applicable premiums, plus, in each case an amount equal to all accrued dividends payable with respect to such Preferred Stock to the Redemption Date. Dividends on the Preferred Stock ceased to accrue on the Redemption Date. Upon redemption, the Preferred Stock was no longer outstanding, and all rights of the holders thereof as shareholders of AES Indiana ceased to exist, except for the right to payment of the redemption price. AES Indiana recorded a charge of 0.3 million on the redemption for the difference between the carrying value and redemption value of the preferred shares. 
 
 Prior to the redemption, AES Indiana had separate series of cumulative preferred stock. Holders of the preferred stock were entitled to receive dividends at rates per annum ranging from to . During each year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total preferred stock dividends declared were million. Holders of preferred stock were entitled to votes per share for AES Indiana matters, and if four full quarterly dividends are in default on all shares of the preferred stock then outstanding, they were entitled to elect the smallest number of 
 88 

par value, 
 authorized shares 
 Series 
 Series 
 Series 
 Series 
 Series 
 Total cumulative preferred stock 
 (a) AES Indiana's preferred stock was redeemed on December 30, 2022. 
 89 

7. 
 
 (1) 
 December 2024 (1) 
 August 2025 (2) 
 April 2026 (2) 
 April 2026 (1) 
 August 2029 December 2032 January 2034 October 2036 June 2037 November 2041 June 2043 June 2044 September 2045 May 2046 November 2048 Unamortized discount net ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) Total AES Indiana first mortgage bonds Total long-term debt AES Indiana Long-term debt IPALCO: Senior Secured Notes 
 September 2024 Senior Secured Notes 
 May 2030 Unamortized discount net ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) Total long-term debt IPALCO Total consolidated IPALCO long-term debt Less: current portion of long-term debt Net consolidated IPALCO long-term debt 
 
 (1) First mortgage bonds issued to the Indiana Finance Authority, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. 
 (2) First mortgage bonds issued to the Indiana Finance Authority, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. The notes have a final maturity date of December 31, 2038, but are subject to a mandatory put in April 2026. 
 90 

million revolving Credit Agreement on December 22, 2022 with a syndication of bank lenders. This Credit Agreement is an unsecured committed line of credit to be used: (i) to finance capital expenditures; (ii) to refinance certain existing indebtedness, (iii) to support working capital; and (iv) for general corporate purposes. This agreement matures on December 22, 2027, and bears interest at variable rates as described in the Credit Agreement. It includes an uncommitted million accordion feature to provide AES Indiana with an option to request an increase in the size of the facility at any time prior to December 22, 2026, subject to approval by the lenders. The Credit Agreement also includes two one-year extension options, allowing AES Indiana to extend the maturity date subject to approval by the lenders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana had and million in outstanding borrowings on the committed Credit Agreement, respectively. 
 
 Debt Maturities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Significant Transactions 
 
 AES Indiana Term Loan 
 
 In June 2022, AES Indiana entered into an unsecured million 364-day term loan agreement. The AES Indiana Term Loan Agreement was fully drawn at closing with the proceeds being used for general corporate purposes. This agreement was set to mature on June 22, 2023, but was fully repaid in November 2022. 
 
 AES Indiana First Mortgage Bonds and Recent Indiana Finance Authority Bond Issuances 
 
 In November 2022, AES Indiana issued million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds, Series, due December 2032, pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Net proceeds from this offering were approximately million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and fees and expenses for the offering. The net proceeds from this offering were used to repay amounts due under the Credit Agreement and the AES Indiana Term Loan Agreement, and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In July 2021, the Indiana Finance Authority issued at the request of AES Indiana an aggregate principal amount of million of Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A B. AES Indiana issued million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds to the Indiana Finance Authority in two series: million Series 2021A bonds at an interest rate of due August 1, 2029 and million Series 2021B notes at an interest rate of due August 1, 2025 to secure the loan of proceeds from these bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. Proceeds of the bond offering were used to refund million of Indiana Finance Authority Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Bonds Series 2011A B at a redemption price of of par. 
 
 IPALCO s Senior Secured Notes and Term Loan 
 
 In April 2020, IPALCO completed the sale of million aggregate principal amount of 2030 IPALCO Notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We used the net proceeds from this offering to retire the million IPALCO Term Loan Agreement on April 14, 2020. The remaining net 
 91 

million for the 2020 IPALCO Notes is included as a separate line item within " Other Income/(Expense), Net " in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated April 14, 2020, IPALCO agreed to register the 2030 IPALCO Notes under the Securities Act by filing an exchange offer registration statement or, under specified circumstances, a shelf registration statement with the SEC. IPALCO filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with respect to the 2030 IPALCO Notes with the SEC on March 22, 2021 in respect of its obligations under such registration rights agreement, and this registration statement was declared effective on April 7, 2021. The exchange offer closed on May 11, 2021. 
 
 Restrictions on Issuance of Debt 
 
 All of AES Indiana s long-term borrowings must first be approved by the IURC and the aggregate amount of AES Indiana s short-term indebtedness must be approved by the FERC. AES Indiana has approval from FERC to borrow up to million of short-term indebtedness outstanding at any time through July 26, 2024. In November 2021, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC granting AES Indiana authority through December 31, 2024 to, among other things, issue up to million in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt, of which million remains available as of December 31, 2022. This order also grants AES Indiana authority to have up to million of long-term credit agreements and liquidity facilities outstanding at any one time, of which million remains available under the order as of December 31, 2022. As an alternative to the sale of all or a portion of million in principal of the long-term debt mentioned above, we have authority to issue up to million of new preferred stock, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2022. AES Indiana also has restrictions on the amount of new debt that may be issued due to contractual obligations of AES and by financial covenant restrictions under our existing debt obligations. Under such restrictions, AES Indiana is generally allowed to fully draw the amounts available on its Credit Agreement, refinance existing debt and issue new debt approved by the IURC and issue certain other indebtedness. 
 
 The mortgage and deed of trust of AES Indiana, together with the supplemental indentures thereto, secure the first mortgage bonds issued by AES Indiana. Pursuant to the terms of the mortgage, substantially all property owned by AES Indiana is subject to a first mortgage lien securing indebtedness of million as of December 31, 2022. The AES Indiana first mortgage bonds require net income as calculated thereunder be at least two and one-half times the annual interest requirements before additional bonds can be authenticated on the basis of property additions. AES Indiana was in compliance with such requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 Our ability to borrow money or to refinance existing indebtedness and the interest rates at which we can borrow money or refinance existing indebtedness are affected by our credit ratings. In addition, the applicable interest rates on AES Indiana s Credit Agreement are dependent upon the credit ratings of AES Indiana. Downgrades in the credit ratings of AES could result in AES Indiana s and/or IPALCO s credit ratings being downgraded. 

8. 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

92 

State Total current income taxes Deferred income taxes: Federal ) ) State ) Total deferred income taxes ) ) Net amortization of investment credit Total income tax expense 
 
 Effective and Statutory Rate Reconciliation 
 
 The provision for income taxes (including net investment tax credit adjustments) is different than the amount computed by applying the statutory tax rate to pretax income. 
 State income tax, net of federal tax benefit Depreciation flow through and amortization ) ) ) Additional funds used during construction - equity Other net Effective tax rate 

93 

Regulatory assets recoverable through future rates Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Investment tax credit Regulatory liabilities including ARO Employee benefit plans Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred income tax liability net 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 Gross increases current period tax positions Gross decreases prior period tax positions ) Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 
 
 The prior period unrecognized tax benefits represent tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. As a result of the resolution of federal and state audits in 2021, IPALCO reviewed its uncertain positions and determined that they are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Consequently, the uncertain tax positions were reversed; because of the impact of deferred tax accounting the reversal did not affect the annual effective tax rate but were reclassified to plant related deferred tax balances. 
 
 Tax years subsequent to March 27, 2001 remain open to examination by taxing authorities. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe unrecognized tax benefits of at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is the appropriate accrual for our uncertain tax positions. However, audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements and future events that would impact our previously recorded unrecognized tax benefits are subject to significant uncertainty. It is possible that the ultimate outcome of future examinations may exceed our provision for current unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 Tax-related interest expense and income is reported as part of the provision for federal and state income taxes. Penalties, if incurred, would also be recognized as a component of tax expense. There are no interest or penalties applicable to the periods contained in this report. 
 
 94 

9. 
 
 of AES Indiana s active employees are covered by the Thrift Plan, a qualified defined contribution plan. All union new hires are covered under the Thrift Plan. Participants elect to make contributions to the Thrift Plan based on a percentage of their base compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched up to certain thresholds of base compensation. The IBEW clerical-technical union new hires receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan in addition to the company match. Employer contributions to the Thrift Plan were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The RSP 
 
 Approximately of AES Indiana s active employees are covered by the RSP, a qualified defined contribution plan containing both match and nondiscretionary components. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP. Participants elect to make contributions to the RSP based on a percentage of their eligible compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched in amounts up to, but not exceeding, of the participant s eligible compensation. Starting in 2018, the RSP also includes a nondiscretionary contribution based as a percentage of each participant's eligible compensation. Employer contributions (by AES Indiana) relating to the RSP were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 
 Approximately of AES Indiana s active employees are covered by the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan; while approximately of active employees are IBEW clerical-technical unit employees who are only eligible for the Thrift Plan. The remaining of active employees are covered by the RSP. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP, while IBEW physical unit union new hires are covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and Thrift Plan. The IBEW clerical-technical unit new hires are no longer covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan but do receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan, in addition to the company match. The Defined Benefit Pension Plan is noncontributory and is funded by AES Indiana through a trust. Benefits for non-union participants in the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are based on salary, years of service and accrued benefits at April 1, 2015. Benefits for eligible union participants are based on each individual employee's pension band and years of service as opposed to their compensation. Pension bands are based primarily on job duties and responsibilities. 
 
 Additionally, a small group of former officers and their surviving spouses are covered under a funded non-qualified Supplemental Retirement Plan. The total number of participants in the plan as of December 31, 2022 was . The plan is closed to new participants. 
 
 AES Indiana also provides postretirement health care benefits to certain active or retired employees and the spouses of certain active or retired employees. Approximately active employees and retirees (including spouses) were receiving such benefits or entitled to future benefits as of January 1, 2022. The plan is unfunded. These postretirement health care benefits and the related unfunded obligation of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were not material to the consolidated financial statements in the periods covered by this report. 
 95 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Amendments (primarily increases in pension bands) Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at December 31 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual (loss)/return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position: Non-current assets Non-current liabilities ) ) Net amount recognized at end of year Sources of change in regulatory assets (1) : 
 Prior service cost arising during period Net loss/(gain) arising during period ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) Amortization of loss ) ) Total recognized in regulatory assets ) Amounts included in regulatory assets: Net loss Prior service cost Total amounts included in regulatory assets 
 (1) Amounts that would otherwise be charged/credited to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss upon application of ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits, are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability because AES Indiana has historically recovered and currently recovers pension and other postretirement benefit expenses in rates. These are unrecognized amounts not yet recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. 
 
 Significant Gains Related to Changes in the Benefit Obligation for the Period 
 
 As shown in the table above, an actuarial gain of million decreased the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022 and an actuarial gain of million decreased the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2021. The actuarial gains in 2022 and 2021 were primarily due to increases in the discount rate. 
 
 Pension Benefits and Expense 
 
 Reported expenses relevant to the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience, including the performance of plan assets and actual benefits paid out in future years. Pension costs associated with the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are 
 96 

million recognized in regulatory assets is comprised of two parts: (1) a million pension liability actuarial gain primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to value pension liabilities; partially offset by (2) a million pension asset actuarial loss primarily due to lower than expected return on assets. The unrecognized net loss of million in the Pension Plans has accumulated over time primarily due to the long-term declining trend in corporate bond rates and the adoption of new mortality tables which increased the expected benefit obligation due to the longer expected lives of plan participants. During 2022, the accumulated net loss increased due to lower than expected return on pension assets, which was partially offset by a combination of higher discount rates used to value pension liabilities, as well as the year 2022 amortization of accumulated loss. The unrecognized net loss, to the extent that it exceeds of the greater of the benefit obligation or the assets, will be amortized and included as a component of net periodic benefit cost in future years. The amortization period is approximately years based on estimated demographic data as of December 31, 2022. The projected benefit obligation of million less the fair value of assets of million results in an overfunded status of million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of settlement loss Net periodic benefit (credit) / cost ) ) Less: amounts capitalized Amount charged to expense ) ) Rates relevant to each year s expense calculations: Discount rate defined benefit pension plan Discount rate supplemental retirement plan Expected return on defined benefit pension plan assets Expected return on supplemental retirement plan assets 
 
 Pension expense / (income) for the following year is determined as of the December 31 measurement date based on the fair value of the Pension Plans assets, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a mortality table assumption that reflects the life expectancy of plan participants, and a discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation. For 2022, pension expense / (income) was determined using an assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets of for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and for the Supplemental Retirement Plan. As of the December 31, 2022 measurement date, AES Indiana increased the discount rate from to for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and from to for the Supplemental Retirement Plan. The discount rate assumptions affect the pension expense / (income) determined for 2023. In addition, AES Indiana increased the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets from to for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and increased the expected long-term rate of return for the Supplemental Retirement Plan from to for 2023. The expected long-term rate of return assumption affects the pension expense / (income) determined for 2023. The effect on 2023 total pension expense / (income) of a basis point increase and decrease in the assumed discount rate is ) million and million, respectively. 
 97 

98 

Debt Securities 
 
 Debt securities (b) 
 Government debt securities (c) 
 Total common collective trusts Cash and cash equivalents (d) 
 Total pension plan assets 
 
 (a) This category represents investments that invest in equity securities of U.S. companies of any market capitalization and other investments (i.e.: futures, swaps, currency forwards) of foreign, emerging markets and seeks to provide long-term total return, which includes capital appreciation and income. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (b) This category represents investments that invest in high quality issues within the U.S. corporate bond markets and global high yield bonds and emerging markets debt denominated in local currency. The funds seek to provide current income and long-term capital preservation along with access to higher yielding, relatively liquid fixed income securities. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (c) This category represents investments that invest in U.S. treasury strips, U.S. government agency obligations, and U.S. treasury obligations. The funds seek investment returns over the long term and are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (d) This category represents an investment that seeks to maximize current income on cash reserves to the extent consistent with principal preservation and maintenance of liquidity from a portfolio of obligations of the U.S. Government, its agencies or municipalities, and related money market instruments. Principal preservation is a primary objective. The fund is valued at cost. 
 
 99 

Debt securities (b) 
 Government debt securities (c) 
 Total common collective trusts Cash and cash equivalents (d) 
 Total pension plan assets 
 
 (a) This category represents investments that invest in equity securities of U.S. companies of any market capitalization and other investments (i.e.: futures, swaps, currency forwards) of foreign, emerging markets and seeks to provide long-term total return, which includes capital appreciation and income. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (b) This category represents investments that invest in high quality issues within the U.S. corporate bond markets and global high yield bonds and emerging markets debt denominated in local currency. The funds seek to provide current income and long-term capital preservation along with access to higher yielding, relatively liquid fixed income securities. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (c) This category represents investments that invest in U.S. treasury strips, U.S. government agency obligations, and U.S. treasury obligations. The funds seek investment returns over the long term and are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (d) This category represents an investment that seeks to maximize current income on cash reserves to the extent consistent with principal preservation and maintenance of liquidity from a portfolio of obligations of the U.S. Government, its agencies or municipalities, and related money market instruments. Principal preservation is a primary objective. The fund is valued at cost. 
 
 Pension Funding 
 
 We contributed million, million, and million to the Pension Plans in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Funding for the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan is based upon actuarially determined contributions that take into account the amount deductible for income tax purposes and the minimum contribution required under ERISA, as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as well as targeted funding levels necessary to meet certain thresholds. 
 
 From an ERISA funding perspective, AES Indiana s funded target liability percentage was estimated to be . In general, AES Indiana must contribute the normal service cost earned by active participants during the plan year; however, this amount can be offset by any surplus or credit balance carried by the Pension Plan. The normal cost is expected to be approximately million in 2023 (including million for plan expenses), which is expected to be fully offset by the surplus amount. Each year thereafter, if the Pension Plans underfunding increases to more than the present value of the remaining annual installments, the excess is separately amortized over a seven-year period. AES Indiana does not expect to make an employer contribution for the calendar year 2023. AES Indiana s funding policy for the Pension Plans is to contribute annually no less than the minimum required by applicable law, and no more than the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. 

100 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 

10. 

Other 
 
 Purchase obligations: 
 
 Purchase commitments for coal, gas, purchased power and related transportation: 
 
 AES Indiana enters into long-term contracts for the purchase of coal, gas, purchased power and related transportation. In general, these contracts are subject to variable quantities or prices and are terminable only in limited circumstances. 
 
 Purchase orders and other contractual obligations: 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had various other contractual obligations including contracts to purchase goods and services with various terms and expiration dates, as well as obligations under long term construction contracts. Due to uncertainty regarding the timing and payment of future obligations to the Service Company, and our ability to terminate such obligations upon 90 days' notice, we have excluded such amounts in the contractual obligations table above. This table also does not include (i) regulatory liabilities (see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters "), (ii) derivatives (see Note 5, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities "), (iii) taxes (see Note 8, " Income Taxes "), (iv) pension and other postretirement employee benefit liabilities (see Note 9, " Benefit Plans ") and (v) contingencies (see Note 10, " Commitments and Contingencies "). See the indicated notes to the Financial Statements for additional information on the items excluded. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 IPALCO and AES Indiana are involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business. We accrue for litigation and claims when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably 
 101 

million and million, respectively, which primarily related to personal injury litigation. During 2021, we entered into settlements resolving a significant portion of the legal loss contingencies previously accrued. The legal loss contingencies and settlement related accruals are included in "Accrued and other current liabilities" and " Other Non-Current Liabilities" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. We maintain an amount of insurance protection for such litigation that we believe is adequate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have and million, respectively, of receivables for insurance recoveries determined to be probable recorded in "Prepayments and other current assets" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. While the ultimate outcome of outstanding litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that final outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on IPALCO s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Coal Ash Insurance Litigation 
 
 In August 2021, AES Indiana filed a civil action against various third-party insurance providers. The complaint seeks damages for breach of contract and a declaratory judgment declaring that such insurers must defend and indemnify AES Indiana under liability insurance policies issued between 1950 and the filing of the civil action against certain environmental liabilities arising from CCR at Harding Street, Petersburg and Eagle Valley. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of this matter. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials, including ash; the use and discharge of water used in generation boilers and for cooling purposes; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials, including GHGs, into the environment; climate change; and the health and safety of our employees. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. Violation of these laws, regulations or permits can result in substantial fines, other sanctions, permit revocation and/or facility shutdowns. We cannot assure that we have been or will be at all times in full compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. 
 
 New Source Review and other CAA NOVs 
 
 primarily coal-fired electric generating facilities at the time, dating back to 1986. The alleged violations primarily pertain to the PSD and non-attainment New Source Review (NSR) requirements under the CAA. In addition, on October 1, 2015, AES Indiana received a NOV from the EPA pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of the CAA, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit related to alleged particulate matter and opacity violations at AES Indiana Petersburg Unit 3. Also, on February 5, 2016, the EPA issued a NOV pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of PSD, non-attainment NSR and other CAA regulations, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit at Petersburg Generating Station. On August 31, 2020, AES Indiana reached a settlement with the EPA, the DOJ and IDEM resolving the purported violations of the CAA with respect to the coal-fired generation units at AES Indiana's Petersburg location. The settlement agreement, in the form of a proposed judicial consent decree was approved and entered by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana on March 23, 2021, and includes, among other items, the following requirements: annual caps on NO x and SO 2 emissions and more stringent emissions limits than AES Indiana's current Title V air permit; payment of civil penalties totaling 1.525 million (the payment of which was satisfied by AES Indiana in April 2021); a 5 million environmental mitigation project consisting of the construction and operation of a new, non-emitting source of generation at the site; expenditure of 0.325 million on a state-only environmentally beneficial project to preserve local, ecologically-significant lands; and retirement of Units 1 and 2 prior to July 1, 2023. If AES Indiana does not meet this retirement obligation, it must install a Selective Non-Catalytic Reduction System (SNCR) on Unit 4. AES Indiana previously had a contingent liability recorded related to these New Source Review and other CAA NOV matters. 

11. 
 
 million per occurrence deductible. Except for AES Indiana s large substations, AES Indiana does not 
 102 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had prepaid approximately million and million, respectively, for coverage under these plans, which is recorded in " Prepayments and other current assets " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 AES Indiana participates in an agreement with Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC, an affiliate of AES, to participate in a group benefits program, including but not limited to, health, dental, vision and life benefits. Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC administers the financial aspects of the group insurance program, receives all premium payments from the participating affiliates, and makes all vendor payments. The cost of coverage under this program was approximately million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. We had no prepaids for coverage under this plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 AES files federal and state income tax returns which consolidate IPALCO and its subsidiaries. Under a tax sharing agreement with AES, IPALCO is responsible for the income taxes associated with its own taxable income and records the provision for income taxes using a separate return method. IPALCO had a receivable balance under this agreement of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is recorded in Taxes receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 8, " Income Taxes " for more information. 
 
 Long-term Compensation Plan 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, many of AES Indiana s non-union employees received benefits under the AES Long-term Compensation Plan, a deferred compensation program. This type of plan is a common employee retention tool used in our industry. Benefits under this plan are granted in the form of performance units payable in cash and AES restricted stock units. Restricted stock units vest ratably over a three-year period. The performance units payable in cash vest at the end of the three-year performance period and are subject to certain AES performance criteria. Total deferred compensation expense recorded during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and was included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on IPALCO s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The value of these benefits is being recognized over the 36 month vesting period and a portion is recorded as miscellaneous deferred credits with the remainder recorded as Paid in capital on IPALCO s Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. 
 
 See also Note 9, Benefit Plans to the Financial Statements for a description of benefits awarded to AES Indiana employees by AES under the RSP. 
 
 Service Company 
 
 Total costs incurred by the Service Company on behalf of IPALCO were million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total costs incurred by IPALCO on behalf of the Service Company during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively, which are included as a reduction to charges from the Service Company. These costs were included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on IPALCO s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, IPALCO had a prepaid balance with the Service Company of million, which is recorded in " Prepayments and other current assets " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, IPALCO had a payable balance with the Service Company of million, which is recorded in Accounts payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

103 

million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These expenses were primarily recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

12. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Income/(loss) from operations before income tax ) ) ) Capital expenditures (1) 
 (1) Capital expenditures includes , thousand and thousand of payments for financed capital expenditures in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2020 Total assets 

13. 
 
 104 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 
 Small commercial and industrial Large commercial and industrial Public lighting Other (1) 
 Total retail revenues from contracts with customers Alternative revenues programs Wholesale Revenues Wholesale revenues from contracts with customers Miscellaneous Revenues Capacity revenues Transmission and other revenues Total miscellaneous revenues from contracts with customers Other miscellaneous revenues (2) 
 Total Revenues 
 
 (1) Other retail revenues from contracts with customers includes miscellaneous charges to customers, including reconnection and late fee charges. 
 (2) Other miscellaneous revenues includes lease and other miscellaneous revenues not accounted for under ASC 606. 
 105 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Payment terms for all receivables from contracts with customers typically do not extend beyond 30 days, unless a customer qualifies for payment extension. 
 
 The Company has elected to apply the optional disclosure exemptions under ASC 606. Therefore, the Company has not included disclosure pertaining to revenues expected to be recognized in any future year related to remaining performance obligations, as we exclude contracts with an original length of one year or less, contracts for which we recognize revenues based on the amount we have the right to invoice for services performed, and contracts with variable consideration allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation when the consideration relates specifically to our efforts to satisfy the performance obligation and depicts the amount to which we expect to be entitled. 
 
 Contract Balances The timing of revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections results in accounts receivable and contract liabilities. There were no contract liabilities from contracts with customers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized revenues of and million, respectively, that was included in the corresponding contract liability balance at the beginning of the periods. 

14. 

Liabilities Finance lease liabilities (current) Short-term debt Finance lease liabilities (noncurrent) Long-term debt Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 years years 
 Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 

Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost 
 
 Operating cash outflows from finance leases were million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 106 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease payments 
 
 LESSOR 
 
 The Company is the lessor under operating leases for land, office space and operating equipment. Lease receipts from such contracts are recognized as operating lease revenues on a straight-line basis over the lease term whereas contingent rentals are recognized when earned. 
 
 The following table presents lease revenues from operating leases in which the Company is the lessor for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

The following table presents the underlying gross assets and accumulated depreciation of operating leases included in Property, plant and equipment, net for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net assets 
 
 The option to extend or terminate a lease is based on customary early termination provisions in the contract. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

15. 
 
 107 

108 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Indianapolis Power Light Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Indianapolis Power Light Company and subsidiaries, d/b/a AES Indiana, (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, common shareholders' equity and cumulative preferred stock, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Board of Directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

109 

Regulatory Accounting 
 
 Regulatory Accounting 
 Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 980 Regulated Operations , which gives recognition to the ratemaking and accounting practices of the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. Regulatory assets can also represent performance incentives permitted by the regulator. Regulatory liabilities generally represent obligations to provide refunds or future rate reductions to customers for previous overcollections or the deferral of revenues collected for costs that the Company expects to incur in the future. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation affects multiple consolidated financial statement line items, including property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; revenues; and depreciation expense, and related disclosures in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Auditing the Company s regulatory accounting was complex due to significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the impact of future regulatory orders on the consolidated financial statements. In particular, there is subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of current and future regulatory orders on events that have occurred through December 31, 2022, judgment required to evaluate the relevance and reliability of audit evidence to support impacted account balances and disclosures, and judgments involved in assessing the probability of recovery in future rates of incurred costs or refunds to customers. These assumptions have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To evaluate the Company s significant judgments in accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities, our audit procedures included, among others, reviewing relevant regulatory orders, statutes and interpretations; filings made by intervening parties; and other publicly available information, to assess the likelihood of recovery of regulatory assets in future rates or of a refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities based on precedents for the treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated the Company s assertions regarding the probability of recovery of regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities, to assess the Company s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or of a refund or future reduction in rates. 
 110 

Asset Retirement Obligations 
 
 Regulatory Accounting 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s asset retirement obligations ARO totaled 218.7 million. As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s ARO liabilities relate primarily to environmental compliance involving asbestos-containing materials, ash ponds, landfills and miscellaneous contaminants associated with its generating plants, transmission system and distribution system. The Company recorded adjustments to its ARO liabilities of 45.8 million during 2022 primarily to reflect revisions to cash flow and timing estimates due to increases to estimated ash pond closure costs and accelerated landfill closure dates. Auditing the Company s ARO liabilities was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required by management to determine the estimated cost estimates of the legal obligations associated with the Company s generating plants, transmission system and distribution system. In particular, the estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions including the scope and method of decommissioning and timing of related cash flows. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the Company s ARO liability estimates, our audit procedures included evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s methodology, interviewing members of the Company s environmental staff and testing significant assumptions and inputs including the timing of activities, projected closure dates and the method of decommissioning. We involved our specialists in our assessment of the Company s ARO liabilities including reviewing the Company s methodology, evaluating the reasonableness of the cost estimates and assumptions, and assessing completeness of the estimates with respect to regulatory requirements. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

March 1, 2023 

111 

AES INDIANA and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 2022 2021 2020 (In Thousands) REVENUES OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES: Fuel Power purchased Operation and maintenance Depreciation and amortization Taxes other than income taxes Other, net ) ) Total operating costs and expenses OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE), NET: Allowance for equity funds used during construction Interest expense ) ) ) Other income / (expense), net Total other income / (expense), net ) ) ) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX Less: income tax expense NET INCOME Less: dividends on and redemptions of preferred stock NET INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 112 

AES INDIANA and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories Regulatory assets, current Taxes receivable Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets NON-CURRENT ASSETS: Property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Construction work in progress Total net property, plant and equipment OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS: Intangible assets - net Regulatory assets, non-current Pension plan assets Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (see Notes 7 and 14) Accounts payable Accrued taxes Accrued interest Customer deposits Regulatory liabilities, current Accrued and other current liabilities Total current liabilities NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: Long-term debt (see Notes 7 and 14) Deferred income tax liabilities Regulatory liabilities, non-current Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits Asset retirement obligations Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (see Note 10) SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY: Common stock Paid in capital Retained earnings Total shareholder's equity Cumulative preferred stock TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 113 

AES INDIANA and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 2022 2021 2020 (In Thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit adjustments - net ) ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) Gain on acquisition ) Change in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) ) Accrued taxes payable/receivable ) ) Accrued interest ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefit assets and liabilities ) ) ) Short-term and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities ) ) Prepayments and other current assets ) ) Other long term liabilities ) ) Other - net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Project development costs ) ) ) Cost of removal payments ) ) ) Loans to parent ) Loan repayments from parent Purchase of intangibles ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Repayments under revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Short-term borrowings Repayment of short-term borrowings ) Long-term borrowings Retirement of long-term debt ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Payments of deferred financings costs and discounts ) ) ) Purchase of preferred stock ) Equity contributions from IPALCO Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest (net of amount capitalized) Income taxes Non-cash investing activities: Accruals for capital expenditures Recognition and changes to right-of-use assets - finance leases ) Non-cash financing activities: Recognition and changes to financing lease liabilities ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 114 

AES INDIANA and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder's Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Common Stock Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Total Shareholder's Equity Cumulative Preferred Stock (In Thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 Net income Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Contributions from IPALCO Other Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Contributions from IPALCO Other Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Redemption of preferred stock (296) (296) (59,784) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Contributions from IPALCO Other Balance at December 31, 2022 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 115 

AES INDIANA and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 1. OVERVIEW AND) and CDPQ ). AES Indiana is engaged primarily in generating, transmitting, distributing and selling of electric energy to approximately retail customers in the city of Indianapolis and neighboring cities, towns and communities, and adjacent rural areas all within the state of Indiana. AES Indiana has an exclusive right to provide electric service to those customers. AES Indiana owns and operates generating stations all within the state of Indiana. Our largest generating station, Petersburg, is coal-fired, and AES Indiana retired 230 MW Petersburg Unit 1 on May 31, 2021 and has plans to retire 415 MW Petersburg Unit 2 in 2023, which would result in MW of total retired economic capacity at this station. AES Indiana plans to convert the remaining two coal units at Petersburg to natural gas by the end of 2025 (for further discussion, see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation "). The second largest station, Harding Street, uses natural gas and fuel oil to power combustion turbines. In addition, AES Indiana operates a MW battery energy storage unit at this location, which provides frequency response. The third station, Eagle Valley, is a CCGT natural gas plant. The fourth station, Georgetown, is a small peaking station that uses natural gas to power combustion turbines. As of December 31, 2022, AES Indiana s net electric generation capacity for winter is MW and net summer capacity is MW. On December 17, 2021, AES Indiana, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AES Indiana Devco Holdings 1, LLC, completed the acquisition of Hardy Hills Solar Energy LLC, including the development of a MW solar project (the "Hardy Hills Solar Project"). As amended in December 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Hardy Hills Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2024. In July 2021, AES Indiana, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AES Indiana Devco Holdings 2, LLC, executed an agreement to acquire a MW solar and MWh energy storage facility (the "Petersburg Solar Project"). As amended in October 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Petersburg Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2025. 

Reclassifications 
 
 Certain immaterial amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
 
 116 

Restricted cash (included in Prepayments and other current assets) Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 Unbilled revenues Amounts due from related parties Other Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 

117 

) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Beginning Allowance Balance at January 1, 2021 Current Period Provision Write-offs Charged Against Allowances Recoveries Collected Ending Allowance Balance at December 31, 2021 Allowance for credit losses ) 
 
 The allowance for credit losses primarily relates to utility customer receivables, including unbilled amounts. Expected credit loss estimates are developed by disaggregating customers into those with similar credit risk characteristics and using historical credit loss experience. In addition, we also consider how current and future economic conditions are expected to impact collectability, as applicable, of our receivable balance. Amounts are written off when reasonable collections efforts have been exhausted. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 AES Indiana maintains coal, fuel oil, natural gas, materials and supplies inventories for use in the production of electricity. These inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value, using the average cost. 
 Materials and supplies, net Total inventories 
 
 , 3.7 and 3.7 during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. "Depreciation and amortization" expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations is presented net of regulatory deferrals of depreciation expense and also includes amortization of intangible assets and amortization of previously deferred regulatory costs. 

, and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

118 

billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana had million and million, respectively, of long-term regulatory assets associated with the Petersburg Unit 1 retirement and the probable Petersburg Unit 2 retirement (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation and Note 3 , "Property, Plant and Equipment" ). AES Indiana does not believe any of these assets are currently impaired. In making this assessment, AES Indiana considers such factors as: the overall condition and generating and distribution capacity of the assets; the expected ability to recover additional expenditures in the assets; the anticipated demand and relative pricing of retail electricity in its service territory and wholesale electricity in the region; and the cost of fuel. 
 
 million and million and its corresponding accumulated amortization of million and million is recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for capitalized software was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These capitalized software intangible assets have a 7 year-weighted average amortization period and the estimated amortization expense is approximately million over the next 5 years million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027). Project development intangible assets were million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These project development intangible assets have a 30 year-weighted average amortization period and the estimated amortization expense is approximately million over the next 5 years in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027). 
 
 Implementation Costs Related to Software as a Service 
 
 AES Indiana has recorded prepayments for implementation costs related to software as a service in support of utility customer services of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are recorded within " Other non-current assets " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 million and million, respectively, which were included in Accrued and Other Current Liabilities and " Other Non-Current Liabilities ", respectively, on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 of AES Indiana s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. AES Indiana s contract with the physical unit expires on December 4, 2024, and the contract with the clerical-technical unit expires February 12, 2026. Additionally, AES Indiana has long-term coal contracts with two suppliers, and substantially all of AES Indiana's coal is currently mined in the state of Indiana. 
 
 Financial 
 
 All derivatives are recognized as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheets and are measured at fair value. Changes in the fair value are recorded in earnings unless the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge of a forecasted transaction or it qualifies for the normal purchases and sales exception. 
 
 119 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 AES Indiana s basic rates include a provision for fuel costs as established in AES Indiana s most recent rate proceeding, which last adjusted AES Indiana s rates in December 2018. AES Indiana is permitted to recover actual costs of purchased power and fuel consumed, subject to certain restrictions. This is accomplished through quarterly FAC proceedings, in which AES Indiana estimates the amount of fuel and purchased power costs in future periods. Through these proceedings, AES Indiana is also permitted to recover, in future rates, underestimated fuel and purchased power costs from prior periods, subject to certain restrictions, and therefore the over or underestimated costs are deferred or accrued and amortized into fuel expense in the same period that AES Indiana s rates are adjusted. See also Note 2, Regulatory Matters for a discussion of other costs that AES Indiana is permitted to recover through periodic rate adjustment proceedings and the status of current rate adjustment proceedings. 
 
 In addition, AES Indiana is one of many transmission system owner members of MISO, a RTO which maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and manages one of the largest energy markets in the U.S. See Note 13, " Revenues " for additional information of MISO sales and other revenue streams. 
 
 120 

See Note 9, " Benefit Plans " for more information. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of the existing assets and liabilities, and their respective income tax bases. AES Indiana establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. AES Indiana s tax positions are evaluated under a more likely than not recognition threshold and measurement analysis before they are recognized for financial statement reporting. 
 Uncertain tax positions are classified as noncurrent income tax liabilities unless expected to be paid within one year. AES Indiana s policy for interest and penalties is to recognize interest and penalties as a component of the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Income tax assets or liabilities which are included in allowable costs for ratemaking purposes in future years are recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities with a corresponding deferred tax liability or asset. Investment tax credits that reduced federal income taxes in the years they arose have been deferred and are being amortized to income over the useful lives of the properties in accordance with regulatory treatment. See Note 2, " Regulatory Matters " for additional information. 
 
 AES Indiana files U.S. federal income tax returns as part of the consolidated U.S. income tax return filed by AES. The consolidated tax liability is allocated to each subsidiary based on the separate return method which is specified in our tax allocation agreement and which provides a consistent, systematic and rational approach. See Note 8, " Income Taxes " for additional information. 

121 

2 
 
 122 

million, or , increase to annual revenues (the "2018 Base Rate Order"). The 2018 Base Rate Order includes recovery through rates of the CCGT at Eagle Valley completed in the first half of 2018, as well as other construction projects and changes to operating income since the 2016 Base Rate Order. New basic rates and charges became effective on December 5, 2018. The 2018 Base Rate Order also provides customers approximately million in benefits, which flowed to customers over the two-year period that began March 2019, via the ECCRA rate adjustment mechanism. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these credits have been fully returned to customers. In addition, the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that annual wholesale margins earned above (or below) the benchmark of million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. Prior to the 2018 Base Rate Order, wholesale sales margins were shared with customers above and below an established benchmark of million. Similarly, the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that all capacity sales above (or below) a benchmark of million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. The 2018 Base Rate Order also approved changes to AES Indiana's depreciation and amortization rates (including no longer deferring depreciation on the CCGT at Eagle Valley) which altogether represent a net expense increase of approximately million annually. 
 
 FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income 
 
 AES Indiana may apply to the IURC for a change in AES Indiana s fuel charge every three months to recover AES Indiana s estimated fuel costs, including the energy portion of purchased power costs, which may be above or below the levels included in AES Indiana s basic rates and charges. AES Indiana must present evidence in each FAC proceeding that it has made every reasonable effort to acquire fuel and generate or purchase power or both so as to provide electricity to its retail customers at the lowest fuel cost reasonably possible. 
 
 Independent of the IURC s ability to review basic rates and charges, Indiana law requires electric utilities under the jurisdiction of the IURC to meet operating expense and income test requirements as a condition for approval of requested changes in the FAC. A utility may be unable to recover all of its fuel costs if its rolling twelve-month operating income, determined at quarterly measurement dates, exceeds its authorized annual jurisdictional net operating income and there are not sufficient applicable cumulative net operating income deficiencies Cumulative Deficiencies to offset it. The Cumulative Deficiencies calculation provides that only five years worth of historical earnings deficiencies or surpluses are included, unless it has been greater than five years since the most recent rate case. 
 
 In each of the last three calendar years, AES Indiana has reported earnings in excess of the authorized level for each of the four quarterly reporting periods in those years. AES Indiana was not required to reduce its fuel cost recovery in 2019 because of its Cumulative Deficiencies. During 2020, AES Indiana's Cumulative Deficiencies dropped to zero and thus AES Indiana recorded a reduction to revenues of 0.3 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. AES Indiana's regulatory liability attributed to the Cumulative Deficiencies calculation was and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is recorded within " Regulatory liabilities, current " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

123 

million. The jurisdictional revenue requirement approved by the IURC to be included in AES Indiana s rates for the twelve-month period ending February 2023 is a net cost to customers of million. The only environmental equipment still remaining in the ECCRA as of December 31, 2022 are certain projects associated with NAAQS compliance. 
 
 DSM 
 
 Through various rate orders from the IURC, AES Indiana has been able to recover its costs of implementing various DSM programs throughout the periods covered by this report. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, AES Indiana also had the ability to receive performance incentives, dependent upon the level of success of the programs. Performance incentives included in rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 On December 29, 2020, the IURC approved a settlement agreement establishing a new three year DSM plan for AES Indiana through 2023. The approval included cost recovery of programs as well as performance incentives, depending on the level of success of the programs. The order also approved recovery of lost revenues, consistent with the provisions of the settlement agreement. 
 
 Wind and Solar Power Purchase Agreements 
 
 AES Indiana is committed under a power purchase agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2029 from a wind project in Indiana. AES Indiana is also committed under another agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2031 from a project in Minnesota. The Indiana project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW and the Minnesota project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW. In addition, AES Indiana has MW of solar-generated electricity in its service territory under long-term contracts (these long-term contracts have expiration dates ranging from 2026 to 2033), of which MW was in operation as of December 31, 2022. AES Indiana has authority from the IURC to recover the costs for all of these agreements through an adjustment mechanism administered within the FAC. If and when AES Indiana sells the renewable energy attributes (in the form of renewable energy credits) generated from these facilities, the proceeds would pass back to benefit AES Indiana s retail customers through the FAC. 
 
 TDSIC 
 
 In 2013, Senate Enrolled Act 560, the Transmission, Distribution, and Storage System Improvement Charge ("TDSIC") statute, was signed into law. The TDSIC statute was revised in 2019. Among other provisions, this legislation provides for cost recovery outside of a base rate proceeding for new or replacement electric and gas transmission, distribution, and storage projects that a public utility undertakes for the purposes of safety, reliability, system modernization, or economic development. Provisions of the TDSIC statute require that, among other things, requests for recovery include a plan of at least five years and not more than seven for eligible investments. The first percent of eligible costs can be recovered using a periodic rate adjustment mechanism. The cost recovery mechanism is referred to as a TDSIC mechanism. Recoverable costs include a return on, and of, the investment, including AFUDC, post-in-service carrying charges, operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation and property taxes. The remaining percent of recoverable costs are to be deferred for future recovery in the public utility s next base rate case. The periodic rate adjustment mechanism is capped at an annual increase of no more than percent of total retail revenues. 
 
 On March 4, 2020, the IURC issued an order approving the projects in a seven-year TDSIC Plan for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements totaling billion from 2020 through 2026. Beginning in June 2020, AES Indiana files an annual TDSIC rate adjustment for a return on and of investments through March 31 with rates requested to be effective each November. Annual TDSIC plan update filings are required to be staggered by six months as ordered by the IURC and are filed each December. The total amount of AES Indiana s equipment approved for TDSIC recovery as of December 31, 2022 was million, The jurisdictional revenues requirement approved by the IURC to be included in AES Indiana s rates for the twelve-month period ending October 2023 is a net cost to customers of million. 
 124 

million write off of capital projects during the period ended December 31, 2022 to " Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance " on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 2019 IRP 
 
 In December 2019, AES Indiana filed its 2019 IRP, which included the retirement of approximately 630 MW of coal-fired generation at Petersburg Units 1 and 2 in 2021 and 2023, respectively. Based on extensive modeling, AES Indiana has determined that the cost of operating Petersburg Units 1 and 2 exceeds the value customers receive compared to alternative resources. Retirement of these units allows the company to cost-effectively diversify the portfolio and transition to lower cost and cleaner resources while maintaining a reliable system. 
 
 AES Indiana issued an all-source Request for Proposal on December 20, 2019, in order to competitively procure replacement capacity by June 1, 2023, which was the first year AES Indiana was expected to have a capacity shortfall. Our modeling indicated that a combination of wind, solar, storage, and energy efficiency would be the lowest reasonable cost option for the replacement capacity. As a result of the plans to retire Petersburg Units 1 and 2, AES Indiana recorded million, million, and of obsolescence losses, during the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for materials and supplies inventory AES Indiana does not believe will be utilized by the planned retirement dates, which is recorded in " Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance " on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 As a result of the plans to retire Petersburg Units 1 and 2, AES Indiana filed a petition with the IURC on February 26, 2021 for approvals and cost recovery associated with these retirements. On August 6, 2021, AES Indiana filed an uncontested Stipulation and Settlement Agreement with the other parties in the case which includes: (1) AES Indiana's creation of regulatory assets for the net book value of Petersburg units 1 and 2 upon retirement; (2) a method for amortization of the regulatory assets; and (3) recovery of the regulatory assets through ongoing amortization in AES Indiana s future rate cases. The Settlement Agreement also reserves all rights of all the parties with respect to the ratemaking treatment related to the regulatory assets, including the proper rate of return and mechanisms for recovery. On November 17, 2021, the IURC approved the Settlement Agreement without modification. AES Indiana retired MW Petersburg Unit 1 on May 31, 2021 and expects to retire Unit 2 in 2023. 
 
 AES Indiana had 47.6 million and million of Petersburg Units 1 and 2 retirement costs, respectively, net of accumulated amortization, recorded as long-term regulatory assets as of December 31, 2022. AES Indiana had 60.1 million and 239.9 million of Petersburg Units 1 and 2 retirement costs, respectively, net of accumulated amortization, recorded as long-term regulatory assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 125 

MW Hardy Hills Solar Project to be developed in Clinton County, Indiana. As amended in December 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Hardy Hills Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2024. On June 16, 2021, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC approving a petition and case-in-chief seeking a CPCN for this solar project, including a joint venture structure between an AES Indiana subsidiary and one or more tax equity partners upon completion and approval for recovery of project development costs and carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. The transaction closed in December 2021 and was accounted for as an asset acquisition of a variable interest entity that did not meet the definition of a business; therefore, the individual assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair values. Total net assets of million were recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with the transaction, primarily consisting of a development project intangible asset (see Note 1, "Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Intangible Assets" ). A gain for the difference between the consideration transferred and the assets and liabilities recognized was recorded in Operating costs and expenses - Other, net on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total consideration included a future payment contingent on certain future costs incurred by the project. As such, a million contingent liability was recorded in " Other Non-Current Liabilities" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, this liability was remeasured due to updated cost estimates and was reduced to 0.0 million. 
 
 Petersburg Solar Project 
 
 In July 2021, AES Indiana, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AES Indiana Devco Holdings 2, LLC, executed an agreement for the acquisition and construction of a MW solar and MWh energy storage facility to be developed in Pike County, Indiana. As amended in October 2022 and subject to IURC approval, the Petersburg Solar Project is now expected to be completed in 2025. On July 30, 2021, AES Indiana filed a petition and case-in-chief with the IURC seeking a CPCN for this solar project and on November 24, 2021, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC approving the project, including a joint venture structure between an AES Indiana subsidiary and one or more tax equity partners upon completion and approval for recovery of project development costs and carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. 
 
 Incentives for Clean Energy Projects 
 
 Indiana Code 8-1-8 (the "clean energy statute") offers certain incentives for clean energy projects. Primarily, it allows for the timely recovery of costs and expenses incurred during construction and operation of eligible projects outside of a base rate proceeding. Additionally, the clean energy statute provides for a 120-day procedural schedule for the IURC to issue a determination of a project's eligibility. Clean energy projects eligible for incentives under this statute include renewable energy resources such as wind, photovoltaic cells and panels, solar energy, and energy storage systems or technologies, among others. AES Indiana filed for and received IURC approval of Hardy Hills and Petersburg Energy Center under this statute (and other applicable statutes) and currently has a related request for IURC approval of contract amendments pending before the IURC. AES Indiana continues to evaluate projects which may also be filed under this statute. 
 
 IURC COVID-19 Orders 
 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a disconnection moratorium in 2020 for IURC-jurisdictional utilities through August 14, 2020, which has lapsed. Additionally, the IURC authorized Indiana utilities to use regulatory accounting for any impacts associated with prohibiting utility disconnections, waiver or exclusion of certain utility fees (i.e., late fees, convenience fees, deposits, and reconnection fees), and also required utilities to use expanded payment arrangements to aid customers. The IURC also authorized regulatory accounting treatment for COVID-19 related uncollectible and incremental bad debt expense. 
 
 On August 12, 2020, the IURC required all jurisdictional utilities to continue offering extended payment arrangements for a minimum of six months to all customers for an additional 60 days, until October 12, 2020, which the IURC again extended through December 31, 2020 for residential customers on October 27, 2020. The IURC also continued to suspend the collection of certain utility fees (late fees, deposits, and disconnection/reconnection fees) from residential customers for an additional 60 days, until October 12, 2020, after which utilities were allowed to resume charging convenience fees as set forth in the rate and charges established in their Commission-approved tariffs. 
 126 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. On August 25, 2021, the IURC closed the investigation to consider and address the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. For further discussion on the COVID-19 pandemic, see Note 15, " Risks and Uncertainties - COVID-19 Pandemic. " 
 
 Excess Distributed Generation Rates 
 
 On March 1, 2021, AES Indiana filed a petition with the IURC for approval of its proposed rate for the procurement of excess distributed generation ("EDG") and related consumer EDG credit issues. The EDG rate replaced the net metering program beginning in July 2022, when net metering was no longer available to new customers. The IURC approved the EDG rate by order dated January 26, 2022, On March 16, 2022, the IURC denied the petition for reconsideration filed by the other parties on February 15, 2022. The matter remains subject to the pending appeal filed by the other parties on February 22, 2022, which is currently being held in abeyance by the Indiana Court of Appeals pending resolution of a petition to transfer to the Indiana Supreme Court filed in a similar case involving a different and unaffiliated utility. The stay was extended by the Indiana Court of Appeals on July 11, 2022 and currently remains in effect. On January 4, 2023, the Indiana Supreme Court issued a final decision in favor of the utility in the similar case that served as the basis of the stay in the AES Indiana case. On February 3, 2023, the OUCC moved to dismiss the appeal, which motion was granted on February 13, 2023. 
 
 Electric Vehicle Portfolio Program 
 
 On January 27, 2023, AES Indiana filed with the IURC a request to approve its Electric Vehicle (EV) Portfolio and associated accounting and ratemaking treatment. The EV Portfolio includes two separate parts: (1) a set of EV specific rates, tariffs, and alternative pricing structures, and (2) a set of Public Use EV Pilot Programs. The EV portfolio is designed to produce net benefits for all customers through new retail margins and grid optimization. The projected costs to successfully implement the services proposed in the EV Portfolio are estimated at 16.2 million over the year period. AES Indiana requested approval to defer as a regulatory asset and recover in future base rates the cost necessary to implement the EV Portfolio, including carrying charges. 
 
 House Bill 1002 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the 2022 Indiana General Assembly passed House Enrolled Act 1002, which includes language regarding the repeal of the Utility Receipts Tax ("URT"). AES Indiana filed a rate adjustment with the IURC on April 29, 2022, which was approved by the IURC on June 28, 2022. AES Indiana began charging the new rates excluding URT in July 2022. Prior to the repeal, the URT was recoverable through a current charge to customer rates. After the repeal, the new rates approved by the IURC adjusted both revenues and tax expense. As a result, the repeal of the URT had no impact on AES Indiana's net income. 
 127 

to years. Tax-related regulatory assets represent the net income tax costs to be considered in future regulatory proceedings generally as the tax-related amounts are paid. 
 
 The amounts of regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities at December 31 are as follows: 
 Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Fuel costs 79,861 8,890 Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Costs being recovered through basic rates and charges Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory assets Long-term: Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs Various (2) 
 Deferred MISO costs Through 2026 (1) 
 Unamortized Petersburg Unit 4 carrying charges and certain other costs Through 2026 (1)(3) 
 Unamortized reacquisition premium on debt Over remaining life of debt Environmental costs Through 2046 (1)(3) 
 COVID-19 costs To be determined TDSIC costs 36.3 years (1)(3) 
 Petersburg Unit 1 and 2 retirement costs Through 2034 (1)(3) 
 Hardy Hills Solar Project costs To be determined (3) 
 Petersburg Solar Project costs To be determined Fuel costs Through 2025 (1) 
 Other miscellaneous Various (4) 
 Total long-term regulatory assets Total regulatory assets Regulatory Liabilities Current: Overcollections and other credits being passed to customers through rate riders Approximately 1 year (1) 
 FTRs Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory liabilities Long-term: ARO and accrued asset removal costs Not applicable Deferred income taxes payable to customers through rates Various Major storm damage To be determined Total long-term regulatory liabilities Total regulatory liabilities 
 (1) Recovered (credited) per specific rate orders 
 (2) AES Indiana receives a return on its discretionary funding 
 (3) Recovered with a current return 
 (4) The majority of these costs are being recovered in basic rates and charges through 2026. For the remainder, recovery is probable, but the 
 timing is not yet determined. 
 128 

million of previously deferred costs and to credit an additional million to customers in future rates. As such, AES Indiana recorded a million charge to " Power purchased " in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the third quarter of 2022. On January 18, 2023, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC approving the settlement. 
 
 Unrecognized Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plan Costs 
 
 In accordance with ASC 715 Compensation Retirement Benefits and ASC 980, we recognize a regulatory asset equal to the unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs. Pension expenses or income are recorded based on the benefit plan s actuarially determined pension liability or asset and associated level of annual expenses or income to be recognized. The other postretirement benefit plan s deferred benefit cost is the excess of the other postretirement benefit liability over the amount previously recognized. 
 
 Deferred MISO Costs 
 
 These consist of administrative costs for transmission services, transmission expansion cost sharing, and certain other operational and administrative costs from the MISO market. These costs are being recovered per specific rate order. 

129 

to years. 
 
 COVID-19 Costs 
 
 These consist of deferred fees (foregone late fees, reconnection fees and disconnection fees), as well as deferred convenience payments and incremental bad debt expense as the result of COVID-19. See " IURC COVID-19 Orders " above for additional discussion. 
 
 TDSIC Costs 
 
 These consist of various costs incurred for AES Indiana's approved TDSIC Plan. These costs were approved for recovery through AES Indiana's TDSIC proceedings and amortization periods range from to years. See " TDSIC " above for additional discussion. 
 
 Petersburg Unit 1 and 2 Retirement Costs 
 
 These consist of the estimated remaining net book value of Petersburg Unit 1 and 2 at its anticipated date of retirement. In accordance with ASC 980, it was determined that the Petersburg Unit 1 retirement became probable, in the fourth quarter of 2020, and the Petersburg Unit 2 retirement became probable in the fourth quarter of 2021. As the entire carrying value of these assets will be recoverable through future rates, no loss on abandonment was recorded and the asset was reclassified from net property, plant and equipment to a long-term regulatory asset. See " IRP Filings and Replacement Generation " above for additional discussion. 
 
 Hardy Hills Solar Project Costs 
 
 These consist of project development costs, mainly legal and consulting fees, incurred for the Hardy Hills Solar Project as well as carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. These costs were approved for recovery through AES Indiana s Hardy Hills Solar Project regulatory proceedings, but amortization will be determined in a future rate case filing. 
 
 Petersburg Solar Project Costs 
 
 These consist of project development costs, mainly legal and consulting fees, incurred for the Petersburg Solar Project as well as carrying costs on AES Indiana's investment in the project. These costs were approved for recovery through AES Indiana s Petersburg Solar Project regulatory proceedings, but amortization will be determined in a future rate case filing. 
 
 FTRs 
 
 In connection with AES Indiana s participation in MISO, in the second quarter of each year AES Indiana is granted financial instruments that can be converted into cash or FTRs based on AES Indiana s forecasted peak load for the period. See Note 4 , "Fair Value - Fair Value Hierarchy and Valuation Techniques - Financial Assets - FTRs " for additional information. 
 130 

to , beginning January 1, 2018. As required by GAAP, on December 31, 2017, AES Indiana remeasured their deferred income tax assets and liabilities using the new tax rate. The impact of the reduction of the income tax rate on deferred income taxes was utilized in the 2018 Base Rate Order to reduce jurisdictional retail rates. Accordingly, AES Indiana has a net regulatory deferred income tax liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

3 
 
 Transmission Distribution General plant Total property, plant and equipment 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana had million and million, respectively, of net property, plant and equipment associated with the probable Petersburg Unit 1 and Unit 2 retirements recorded as long-term regulatory assets (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filings and Replacement Generation ). 
 
 Substantially all of AES Indiana s property is subject to a million direct first mortgage lien, as of December 31, 2022, securing AES Indiana s first mortgage bonds. Total non-contractually or legally required accrued removal costs of utility plant in service at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively; and total contractually or legally required removal costs of property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Please see ARO below for further information. 
 
 ARO 
 
 ASC 410 Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations addresses financial accounting and reporting for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal operation. A legal obligation for purposes of ASC 410 is an obligation that a party is required to settle as a result of an existing law, statute, ordinance, written or oral contract or the doctrine of promissory estoppel. 

131 

Liabilities incurred 1,159 Liabilities settled ) ) Revisions to cash flow and timing estimates Accretion Balance as of December 31 
 
 million and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily to reflect revisions to cash flow and timing estimates due to increases to estimated ash pond closure costs and accelerated landfill closure dates. The liabilities incurred in 2022 relate to AES Indiana's solar projects. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana did not have any assets that are legally restricted for settling its ARO liability. 

4. 

132 

Total financial assets measured at fair value 
 
 Issuances Settlements ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Issuances Settlements ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Debt 
 
 The fair value of AES Indiana s outstanding fixed-rate debt has been determined on the basis of the quoted market prices of the specific securities issued and outstanding. In certain circumstances, the market for such securities was 
 133 

Variable-rate Total indebtedness 
 
 The difference between the face value and the carrying value of this indebtedness represents the following: 
 
 unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and 
 unamortized discounts of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(a) Refers to whether the derivative instruments have been designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge 
 
 AES Indiana's FTRs and forward power contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting or the normal purchases and sales exceptions under ASC 815. Accordingly, FTRs are recorded at fair value using the income approach when acquired and subsequently amortized over the annual period as they are used. The forward power contracts are recorded at fair value using the market approach with changes in the fair value charged or credited to the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period in which the change occurred. This is commonly referred to as "MTM accounting." Realized gains and losses on the forward power contracts are included in future FAC filings, therefore any realized and unrealized gains and losses are deferred as regulatory liabilities or regulatory assets. There were net realized gains of 1.3 million and 6.0 million related to forward power contracts during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the forward power contracts that were deferred and included with deferred fuel costs in "Regulatory assets, current" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Certain qualifying derivative instruments have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales contracts, as provided under GAAP. Derivative contracts that have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales under GAAP are not subject to hedge or MTM accounting and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations on an accrual basis. 
 
 134 

6. 
 
 million and million from IPALCO. The proceeds are intended primarily for funding needs related to AES Indiana s TDSIC and replacement generation projects. 
 
 All of the outstanding common stock of AES Indiana is owned by IPALCO. AES Indiana s common stock is pledged under the 2024 IPALCO Notes and 2030 IPALCO Notes. There have been no changes in the capital stock of AES Indiana during the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 
 AES Indiana s mortgage and deed of trust and its amended articles of incorporation contain restrictions on AES Indiana s ability to issue certain securities or pay cash dividends. So long as any of the several series of bonds of AES Indiana issued under its mortgage remains outstanding, and subject to certain exceptions, AES Indiana is restricted in the declaration and payment of dividends, or other distribution on shares of its capital stock of any class, or in the purchase or redemption of such shares, to the aggregate of its net income, as defined in the mortgage, after December 31, 1939. In addition, pursuant to AES Indiana s articles, no dividends may be paid or accrued, and no other distribution may be made on AES Indiana s common stock unless dividends on all outstanding shares of AES Indiana preferred stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, AES Indiana was in compliance with these restrictions. 
 Additionally, all of AES Indiana's preferred stock was redeemed on December 30, 2022 (see " Cumulative Preferred Stock " below for further details). 
 
 AES Indiana is also restricted in its ability to pay dividends if it is in default under the terms of its Credit Agreement, which could happen if AES Indiana fails to comply with certain covenants. These covenants, among other things, require AES Indiana to maintain a ratio of total debt to total capitalization not in excess of to . As of December 31, 2022, and as of the filing of this report, AES Indiana was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AES Indiana declared dividends to its shareholder totaling million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Cumulative Preferred Stock 
 
 On December 30, 2022 (the Redemption Date ), AES Indiana redeemed all of its issued and outstanding preferred stock for 60.1 million. On the Redemption Date, the Preferred Stock of each series was redeemed with all applicable premiums, plus, in each case an amount equal to all accrued dividends payable with respect to such Preferred Stock to the Redemption Date. Dividends on the Preferred Stock ceased to accrue on the Redemption Date. Upon redemption, the Preferred Stock was no longer outstanding, and all rights of the holders thereof as shareholders of AES Indiana ceased to exist, except for the right to payment of the redemption price. AES Indiana recorded a charge of 0.3 million on the redemption for the difference between the carrying value and redemption value of the preferred shares. 
 135 

separate series of cumulative preferred stock. Holders of the preferred stock were entitled to receive dividends at rates per annum ranging from to . During each year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total preferred stock dividends declared were million. Holders of preferred stock were entitled to votes per share for AES Indiana matters, and if four full quarterly dividends are in default on all shares of the preferred stock then outstanding, they were entitled to elect the smallest number of AES Indiana directors to constitute a majority of AES Indiana s Board of Directors. Based on the preferred stockholders ability to elect a majority of AES Indiana s Board of Directors in this circumstance, the redemption of the preferred shares was considered to be not solely within the control of the issuer and the preferred stock was considered temporary equity and presented in the mezzanine level of the audited consolidated balance sheets in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance for non-controlling interests and redeemable securities. 
 
 par value, 
 authorized shares 
 Series 
 Series 
 Series 
 Series 
 Series 
 Total cumulative preferred stock (a) AES Indiana's preferred stock was redeemed on December 30, 2022. 
 
 136 

7 
 
 (1) 
 December 2024 (1) 
 August 2025 (2) 
 April 2026 (2) 
 April 2026 (1) 
 August 2029 December 2032 January 2034 October 2036 June 2037 November 2041 June 2043 June 2044 September 2045 May 2046 November 2048 Unamortized discount net ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) Total AES Indiana first mortgage bonds Total consolidated AES Indiana long-term debt Less: current portion of long-term debt Net consolidated AES Indiana long-term debt 
 
 (1) First mortgage bonds issued to the Indiana Finance Authority, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. 
 (2) First mortgage bonds issued to the Indiana Finance Authority, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. The notes have a final maturity date of December 31, 2038, but are subject to a mandatory put in April 2026. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 AES Indiana entered into a second amendment and restatement of its million revolving Credit Agreement on December 22, 2022 with a syndication of bank lenders. This Credit Agreement is an unsecured committed line of credit to be used: (i) to finance capital expenditures; (ii) to refinance certain existing indebtedness, (iii) to support working capital; and (iv) for general corporate purposes. This agreement matures on December 22, 2027, and bears interest at variable rates as described in the Credit Agreement. It includes an uncommitted million accordion feature to provide AES Indiana with an option to request an increase in the size of the facility at any time prior to December 22, 2026, subject to approval by the lenders. The Credit Agreement also includes two one-year extension options, allowing AES Indiana to extend the maturity date subject to approval by the lenders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana had and million in outstanding borrowings on the committed Credit Agreement, respectively. 

137 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Significant Transactions 
 
 AES Indiana Term Loan 
 
 In June 2022, AES Indiana entered into an unsecured million 364-day term loan agreement. The AES Indiana Term Loan Agreement was fully drawn at closing with the proceeds being used for general corporate purposes. This agreement was set to mature on June 22, 2023, but was fully repaid in November 2022. 
 
 AES Indiana First Mortgage Bonds and Recent Indiana Finance Authority Bond Issuances 
 
 In November 2022, AES Indiana issued million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds, Series, due December 2032, pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Net proceeds from this offering were approximately million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and fees and expenses for the offering. The net proceeds from this offering were used to repay amounts due under the Credit Agreement and the AES Indiana Term Loan Agreement, and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In July 2021, the Indiana Finance Authority issued at the request of AES Indiana an aggregate principal amount of million of Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A B. AES Indiana issued million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds to the Indiana Finance Authority in two series: million Series 2021A bonds at an interest rate of due August 1, 2029 and million Series 2021B notes at an interest rate of due August 1, 2025 to secure the loan of proceeds from these bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. Proceeds of the bond offering were used to refund million of Indiana Finance Authority Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Bonds Series 2011A B at a redemption price of of par. 
 
 Restrictions on Issuance of Debt 
 
 All of AES Indiana s long-term borrowings must first be approved by the IURC and the aggregate amount of AES Indiana s short-term indebtedness must be approved by the FERC. AES Indiana has approval from FERC to borrow up to million of short-term indebtedness outstanding at any time through July 26, 2024. In November 2021, AES Indiana received an order from the IURC granting AES Indiana authority through December 31, 2024 to, among other things, issue up to million in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt, of which million remains available as of December 31, 2022. This order also grants AES Indiana authority to have up to million of long-term credit agreements and liquidity facilities outstanding at any one time, of which million remains available under the order as of December 31, 2022. As an alternative to the sale of all or a portion of million in principal of the long-term debt mentioned above, we have authority to issue up to million of new preferred stock, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2022. AES Indiana also has restrictions on the amount of new debt that may be issued due to contractual obligations of AES and by financial covenant restrictions under our existing debt obligations. Under such restrictions, AES Indiana is generally allowed to fully draw the amounts available on its Credit Agreement, refinance existing debt and issue new debt approved by the IURC and issue certain other indebtedness. 
 
 138 

million as of December 31, 2022. The AES Indiana first mortgage bonds require net income as calculated thereunder be at least two and one-half times the annual interest requirements before additional bonds can be authenticated on the basis of property additions. AES Indiana was in compliance with such requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 AES Indiana s ability to borrow money or to refinance existing indebtedness and the interest rates at which AES Indiana can borrow money or refinance existing indebtedness are affected by AES Indiana s credit ratings. In addition, the applicable interest rates on AES Indiana s Credit Agreement are dependent upon the credit ratings of AES Indiana. Downgrades in the credit ratings of AES and/or IPALCO could result in AES Indiana s credit ratings being downgraded. 

8. 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 
 State Total current income taxes Deferred income taxes: Federal ) ) State ) Total deferred income taxes ) ) Net amortization of investment credit Total income tax expense 

139 

State income tax, net of federal tax benefit Depreciation flow through and amortization ) ) ) Additional funds used during construction - equity Other net Effective tax rate 
 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 
 Regulatory assets recoverable through future rates Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Investment tax credit Regulatory liabilities including ARO Employee benefit plans Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred income tax liability net 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 Gross increases current period tax positions Gross decreases prior period tax positions ) Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 
 
 The prior period unrecognized tax benefits represent tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. As a result of the resolution of federal and state audits in 2021, AES Indiana reviewed its uncertain positions and determined that they are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Consequently, the uncertain tax positions were reversed; because of the impact of deferred tax accounting the reversal did not affect the annual effective tax rate but were reclassified to plant related deferred tax balances. 
 140 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is the appropriate accrual for our uncertain tax positions. However, audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements and future events that would impact AES Indiana's previously recorded unrecognized tax benefits are subject to significant uncertainty. It is possible that the ultimate outcome of future examinations may exceed AES Indiana's provision for current unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 Tax-related interest expense and income is reported as part of the provision for federal and state income taxes. Penalties, if incurred, would also be recognized as a component of tax expense. There are no interest or penalties applicable to the periods contained in this report. 

9. 
 
 of AES Indiana s active employees are covered by the Thrift Plan, a qualified defined contribution plan. All union new hires are covered under the Thrift Plan. Participants elect to make contributions to the Thrift Plan based on a percentage of their base compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched up to certain thresholds of base compensation. The IBEW clerical-technical union new hires receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan in addition to the company match. Employer contributions to the Thrift Plan were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The RSP 
 
 Approximately of AES Indiana s active employees are covered by the RSP, a qualified defined contribution plan containing both match and nondiscretionary components. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP. Participants elect to make contributions to the RSP based on a percentage of their eligible compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched in amounts up to, but not exceeding, of the participant s eligible compensation. Starting in 2018, the RSP also includes a nondiscretionary contribution based as a percentage of each participant's eligible compensation. Employer contributions (by AES Indiana) relating to the RSP were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 
 Approximately of AES Indiana s active employees are covered by the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan; while approximately of active employees are IBEW clerical-technical unit employees who are only eligible for the Thrift Plan. The remaining of active employees are covered by the RSP. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP, while IBEW physical unit union new hires are covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and Thrift Plan. The IBEW clerical-technical unit new hires are no longer covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan but do receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan, in addition to the company match. The Defined Benefit Pension Plan is noncontributory and is funded by AES Indiana through a trust. Benefits for non-union participants in the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are based on salary, years of service and accrued benefits at April 1, 2015. Benefits for eligible union participants are based on each individual employee's pension band and years of service as opposed to their compensation. Pension bands are based primarily on job duties and responsibilities. 
 
 Additionally, a small group of former officers and their surviving spouses are covered under a funded non-qualified Supplemental Retirement Plan. The total number of participants in the plan as of December 31, 2022 was . The plan is closed to new participants. 
 
 AES Indiana also provides postretirement health care benefits to certain active or retired employees and the spouses of certain active or retired employees. Approximately active employees and retirees (including 
 141 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were not material to the consolidated financial statements in the periods covered by this report. 
 
 The following table presents information relating to the Pension Plans: 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Amendments (primarily increases in pension bands) Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at December 31 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual (loss)/return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position: Non-current assets Non-current liabilities ) ) Net amount recognized at end of year Sources of change in regulatory assets (1) : 
 Prior service cost arising during period Net loss/(gain) arising during period ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) Amortization of loss ) ) Total recognized in regulatory assets ) Amounts included in regulatory assets: Net loss Prior service cost Total amounts included in regulatory assets 
 (1) Amounts that would otherwise be charged/credited to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss upon application of ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits, are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability because AES Indiana has historically recovered and currently recovers pension and other postretirement benefit expenses in rates. These are unrecognized amounts not yet recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. 
 
 Significant Gains Related to Changes in the Benefit Obligation for the Period 
 
 As shown in the table above, an actuarial gain of million decreased the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022 and an actuarial gain of million decreased the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2021. The actuarial gains in 2022 and 2021 were primarily due to increases in the discount rate. 
 
 142 

million recognized in regulatory assets is comprised of two parts: (1) a million pension liability actuarial gain primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to value pension liabilities; partially offset by (2) a million pension asset actuarial loss primarily due to lower than expected return on assets. The unrecognized net loss of 131.6 million in the Pension Plans has accumulated over time primarily due to the long-term declining trend in corporate bond rates and the adoption of new mortality tables which increased the expected benefit obligation due to the longer expected lives of plan participants. During 2022, the accumulated net loss increased due to lower than expected return on pension assets, which was partially offset by a combination of higher discount rates used to value pension liabilities, as well as the year 2022 amortization of accumulated loss. The unrecognized net loss, to the extent that it exceeds of the greater of the benefit obligation or the assets, will be amortized and included as a component of net periodic benefit cost in future years. The amortization period is approximately years based on estimated demographic data as of December 31, 2022. The projected benefit obligation of million less the fair value of assets of million results in an overfunded status of million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of settlement loss Net periodic benefit (credit) / cost ) ) Less: amounts capitalized Amount charged to expense ) ) Rates relevant to each year s expense calculations: Discount rate defined benefit pension plan Discount rate supplemental retirement plan Expected return on defined benefit pension plan assets Expected return on supplemental retirement plan assets 
 
 Pension expense / (income) for the following year is determined as of the December 31 measurement date based on the fair value of the Pension Plans assets, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a mortality table assumption that reflects the life expectancy of plan participants, and a discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation. For 2022, pension expense / (income) was determined using an assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets of for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and for the Supplemental Retirement Plan. As of the December 31, 2022 measurement date, AES Indiana increased the discount rate from to for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and from to for the Supplemental Retirement Plan. The discount rate assumptions affect the pension expense / (income) determined for 2023. In addition, AES Indiana increased the 
 143 

to for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and increased the expected long-term rate of return for the Supplemental Retirement Plan from to for 2023. The expected long-term rate of return assumption affects the pension expense / (income) determined for 2023. The effect on 2023 total pension expense / (income) of a basis point increase and decrease in the assumed discount rate is ) million and million, respectively. 
 
 In determining the discount rate to use for valuing liabilities we use the market yield curve on high-quality fixed income investments as of December 31, 2022. We project the expected benefit payments under the plan based on participant data and based on certain assumptions concerning mortality, retirement rates, termination rates, etc. The expected benefit payments for each year are discounted back to the measurement date using the appropriate spot rate for each half-year from the yield curve, thereby obtaining a present value of all expected future benefit payments using the yield curve. Finally, an equivalent single discount rate is determined which produces a present value equal to the present value determined using the full yield curve. 
 
 Pension Plan Assets and Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Pension plan assets consist of investments in cash and cash equivalents, government debt securities, and mutual funds (equity and debt). Differences between actual portfolio returns and expected returns may result in increased or reduced pension costs in future periods. Pension costs for 2023 are determined as of the plans' measurement date of December 31, 2022. Pension costs are determined for the following year based on the market value of pension plan assets, expected employer contributions, a discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. 
 
 Fair value is defined under ASC 820 as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., an exit price). The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 
 Purchases and sales of securities are recorded on a trade-date basis. Interest income is recorded as earned. Dividends are recorded on the ex-dividend date. Net appreciation includes the Pension Plans gains and losses on investments bought and sold, as well as held, during the year. 
 
 A description of the valuation methodologies used for each major class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value follows: 
 The non-qualified Supplemental Retirement Plan investments have quoted market prices and are categorized as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan investments in common collective trusts are valued based on the daily net asset value and are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy except for cash and cash equivalents which are categorized as level 1. 
 
 The primary objective of the Pension Plans is to provide a source of retirement income for its participants and beneficiaries, while the primary financial objective is to improve the funded status of the Pension Plans. A secondary financial objective is, where possible, to minimize pension expense volatility. The objective is based on a long-term investment horizon, so that interim fluctuations should be viewed with appropriate perspective. There can be no assurance that these objectives will be met. 
 
 In establishing AES Indiana s expected long-term rate of return assumption, we utilize a methodology developed by the plan s investment consultant who maintains a capital market assumption model that takes into consideration risk, return and correlation assumptions across asset classes. A combination of quantitative analysis of historical data and qualitative judgment is used to capture trends, structural changes and potential scenarios not reflected in historical data. 
 
 The result of the analyses is a series of inputs that produce a picture of how the plan consultant believes portfolios are likely to behave through time. Capital market assumptions are intended to reflect the behavior of asset classes observed over several market cycles. Stress assumptions are also examined, since the characteristics of asset 
 144 

Debt Securities 
 
 Debt securities (b) 
 Government debt securities (c) 
 Total common collective trusts Cash and cash equivalents (d) 
 Total pension plan assets 
 
 (a) This category represents investments that invest in equity securities of U.S. companies of any market capitalization and other investments (i.e.: futures, swaps, currency forwards) of foreign, emerging markets and seeks to provide long-term total return, which includes capital appreciation and income. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (b) This category represents investments that invest in high quality issues within the U.S. corporate bond markets and global high yield bonds and emerging markets debt denominated in local currency. The funds seek to provide current income and long-term capital preservation along with access to higher yielding, relatively liquid fixed income securities. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (c) This category represents investments that invest in U.S. treasury strips, U.S. government agency obligations, and U.S. treasury obligations. The funds seek investment returns over the long term and are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (d) This category represents an investment that seeks to maximize current income on cash reserves to the extent consistent with principal preservation and maintenance of liquidity from a portfolio of obligations of the U.S. Government, its agencies or municipalities, and related money market instruments. Principal preservation is a primary objective. The fund is valued at cost. 

145 

Debt securities (b) 
 Government debt securities (c) 
 Total common collective trusts Cash and cash equivalents (d) 
 Total pension plan assets 
 
 (a) This category represents investments that invest in equity securities of U.S. companies of any market capitalization and other investments (i.e.: futures, swaps, currency forwards) of foreign, emerging markets and seeks to provide long-term total return, which includes capital appreciation and income. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (b) This category represents investments that invest in high quality issues within the U.S. corporate bond markets and global high yield bonds and emerging markets debt denominated in local currency. The funds seek to provide current income and long-term capital preservation along with access to higher yielding, relatively liquid fixed income securities. The funds are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (c) This category represents investments that invest in U.S. treasury strips, U.S. government agency obligations, and U.S. treasury obligations. The funds seek investment returns over the long term and are valued using the net asset value method. 
 
 (d) This category represents an investment that seeks to maximize current income on cash reserves to the extent consistent with principal preservation and maintenance of liquidity from a portfolio of obligations of the U.S. Government, its agencies or municipalities, and related money market instruments. Principal preservation is a primary objective. The fund is valued at cost. 
 
 Pension Funding 
 
 AES Indiana contributed million, million, and million to the Pension Plans in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Funding for the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan is based upon actuarially determined contributions that take into account the amount deductible for income tax purposes and the minimum contribution required under ERISA, as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as well as targeted funding levels necessary to meet certain thresholds. 
 
 From an ERISA funding perspective, AES Indiana s funded target liability percentage was estimated to be . In general, AES Indiana must contribute the normal service cost earned by active participants during the plan year; however, this amount can be offset by any surplus or credit balance carried by the Pension Plan. The normal cost is expected to be approximately million in 2023 (including million for plan expenses), which is expected to be fully offset by the surplus amount. Each year thereafter, if the Pension Plans' underfunding increases to more than the present value of the remaining annual installments, the excess is separately amortized over a seven-year period. AES Indiana does not expect to make an employer contribution for the calendar year 2023. AES Indiana s funding policy for the Pension Plans is to contribute annually no less than the minimum required by applicable law, and no more than the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. 

146 

million, million and million, respectively. Expected benefit payments are expected to be paid out of the Pension Plans as follows: 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 

10. 
 
 Other 
 
 Purchase obligations: 
 
 Purchase commitments for coal, gas, purchased power and related transportation: 
 
 AES Indiana enters into long-term contracts for the purchase of coal, gas, purchased power and related transportation. In general, these contracts are subject to variable quantities or prices and are terminable only in limited circumstances. 
 
 Purchase orders and other contractual obligations: 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had various other contractual obligations including contracts to purchase goods and services with various terms and expiration dates, as well as obligations under long term construction contracts. Due to uncertainty regarding the timing and payment of future obligations to the Service Company, and our ability to terminate such obligations upon 90 days' notice, we have excluded such amounts in the contractual obligations table above. This table also does not include (i) regulatory liabilities (see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters "), (ii) derivatives (see Note 5, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities "), (iii) taxes (see Note 8, " Income Taxes "), (iv) pension and other postretirement employee benefit liabilities (see Note 9, " Benefit Plans ") and (v) contingencies (see Note 10, " Commitments and Contingencies "). See the indicated notes to the Financial Statements for additional information on the items excluded. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 AES Indiana is involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business. AES Indiana accrues for litigation and claims when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. As 
 147 

million and million, respectively, which primarily related to personal injury litigation. During 2021, AES Indiana entered into settlements resolving a significant portion of the legal loss contingencies previously accrued. The legal loss contingencies and settlement related accruals are included in "Accrued and other current liabilities" and " Other Non-Current Liabilities" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. AES Indiana maintains an amount of insurance protection for such litigation that it believes is adequate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana has and million, respectively, of receivables for insurance recoveries determined to be probable recorded in "Prepayments and other current assets" on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. While the ultimate outcome of outstanding litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that final outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on AES Indiana s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Coal Ash Insurance Litigation 
 
 In August 2021, AES Indiana filed a civil action against various third-party insurance providers. The complaint seeks damages for breach of contract and a declaratory judgment declaring that such insurers must defend and indemnify AES Indiana under liability insurance policies issued between 1950 and the filing of the civil action against certain environmental liabilities arising from CCR at Harding Street, Petersburg and Eagle Valley. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of this matter. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 AES Indiana is subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials, including ash; the use and discharge of water used in generation boilers and for cooling purposes; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials, including GHGs, into the environment; climate change; and the health and safety of AES Indiana's employees. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. Violation of these laws, regulations or permits can result in substantial fines, other sanctions, permit revocation and/or facility shutdowns. AES Indiana cannot assure that it has been or will be at all times in full compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. 
 
 New Source Review and other CAA NOVs 
 
 primarily coal-fired electric generating facilities at the time, dating back to 1986. The alleged violations primarily pertain to the PSD and non-attainment New Source Review (NSR) requirements under the CAA. In addition, on October 1, 2015, AES Indiana received a NOV from the EPA pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of the CAA, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit related to alleged particulate matter and opacity violations at AES Indiana Petersburg Unit 3. Also, on February 5, 2016, the EPA issued a NOV pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of PSD, non-attainment NSR and other CAA regulations, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit at Petersburg Generating Station. On August 31, 2020, AES Indiana reached a settlement with the EPA, the DOJ and IDEM resolving the purported violations of the CAA with respect to the coal-fired generation units at AES Indiana's Petersburg location. The settlement agreement, in the form of a proposed judicial consent decree was approved and entered by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana on March 23, 2021, and includes, among other items, the following requirements: annual caps on NO x and SO 2 emissions and more stringent emissions limits than AES Indiana's current Title V air permit; payment of civil penalties totaling 1.525 million (the payment of which was satisfied by AES Indiana in April 2021); a 5 million environmental mitigation project consisting of the construction and operation of a new, non-emitting source of generation at the site; expenditure of 0.325 million on a state-only environmentally beneficial project to preserve local, ecologically-significant lands; and retirement of Units 1 and 2 prior to July 1, 2023. If AES Indiana does not meet this retirement obligation, it must install a Selective Non-Catalytic Reduction System (SNCR) on Unit 4. AES Indiana previously had a contingent liability recorded related to these New Source Review and other CAA NOV matters. 

11. 
 
 million per occurrence deductible. Except for AES Indiana s large substations, AES Indiana does not 
 148 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AES Indiana had prepaid approximately million and million, respectively, for coverage under these plans, which is recorded in " Prepayments and other current assets " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 AES Indiana participates in an agreement with Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC, an affiliate of AES, to participate in a group benefits program, including but not limited to, health, dental, vision and life benefits. Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC administers the financial aspects of the group insurance program, receives all premium payments from the participating affiliates, and makes all vendor payments. The cost of coverage under this program was approximately million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. AES Indiana had no prepaids for coverage under this plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 AES files federal and state income tax returns which consolidate IPALCO and its subsidiaries, including AES Indiana. Under a tax sharing agreement with IPALCO, AES Indiana is responsible for the income taxes associated with its own taxable income and records the provision for income taxes using a separate return method. AES Indiana had a receivable balance under this agreement of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is recorded in Taxes receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 8, " Income Taxes " for more information. 
 
 Long-term Compensation Plan 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, many of AES Indiana s non-union employees received benefits under the AES Long-term Compensation Plan, a deferred compensation program. This type of plan is a common employee retention tool used in our industry. Benefits under this plan are granted in the form of performance units payable in cash and AES restricted stock units. Restricted stock units vest ratably over a three-year period. The performance units payable in cash vest at the end of the three-year performance period and are subject to certain AES performance criteria. Total deferred compensation expense recorded during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and was included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on AES Indiana s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The value of these benefits is being recognized over the 36 month vesting period and a portion is recorded as miscellaneous deferred credits with the remainder recorded as Paid in capital on AES Indiana s Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. 
 
 See also Note 9, Benefit Plans to the audited consolidated financial statements of AES Indiana for a description of benefits awarded to AES Indiana employees by AES under the RSP. 
 
 Service Company 
 
 Total costs incurred by the Service Company on behalf of AES Indiana were million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total costs incurred by AES Indiana on behalf of the Service Company during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively, which are included as a reduction to charges from the Service Company. These costs were included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on AES Indiana s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, AES Indiana had a prepaid balance with the Service Company of 2.1 million, which is recorded in " Prepayments and other current assets " on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, AES Indiana had a payable balance with the Service Company of million, which is recorded in Accounts payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 149 

million from IPALCO. During the year ended December 31, 2020, AES Indiana made loans to IPALCO, net of repayments, of million. 
 
 Additionally, transactions with various other related parties were million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These expenses were primarily recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

12. 
 
 reportable segment. 

13. REVENUES 
 
 150 

million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. T 
 Small commercial and industrial Large commercial and industrial Public lighting Other (1) 
 Total retail revenues from contracts with customers Alternative revenues programs Wholesale Revenues Wholesale revenues from contracts with customers Miscellaneous Revenues Capacity revenues Transmission and other revenues Total miscellaneous revenues from contracts with customers Other miscellaneous revenues (2) 
 Total Revenues 
 
 (1) Other retail revenues from contracts with customers includes miscellaneous charges to customers, including reconnection and late fee charges. 
 (2) Other miscellaneous revenues includes lease and other miscellaneous revenues not accounted for under ASC 606. 
 
 The balances of receivables from contracts with customers were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Payment terms for all receivables from contracts with customers typically do not extend beyond 30 days, unless a customer qualifies for payment extension. 
 
 AES Indiana has elected to apply the optional disclosure exemptions under ASC 606. Therefore, AES Indiana has not included disclosure pertaining to revenues expected to be recognized in any future year related to remaining performance obligations, as we exclude contracts with an original length of one year or less, contracts for which we recognize revenues based on the amount we have the right to invoice for services performed, and contracts with variable consideration allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation when the consideration relates specifically to our efforts to satisfy the performance obligation and depicts the amount to which AES Indiana expects to be entitled. 
 
 Contract Balances The timing of revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections results in accounts receivable and contract liabilities. There were no contract liabilities from contracts with customers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized revenues of 
 151 

and million, respectively, that was included in the corresponding contract liability balance at the beginning of the periods. 

14. 
 
 Liabilities Finance lease liabilities (current) Short-term debt Finance lease liabilities (noncurrent) Long-term debt Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 The following table summarizes supplemental balance sheet information related to leases as of the periods indicated: 
 
 Lease Term and Discount Rate December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term finance leases years years 
 Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 

The following table summarizes the components of lease expense recognized in " Operating Costs and Expenses " on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively (in thousands): 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Components of Lease Cost 2022 2021 2020 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right- of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost 
 
 Operating cash outflows from finance leases were million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The following table shows the future lease payments under finance leases together with the present value of the net lease payments as of December 31, 2022 for 2023 through 2027 and thereafter (in thousands): 
 
 Finance Leases 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease payments 

152 

The following table presents the underlying gross assets and accumulated depreciation of operating leases included in Property, plant and equipment, net for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Gross assets Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net assets 
 
 The option to extend or terminate a lease is based on customary early termination provisions in the contract. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

15. 

153 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 The Company carried out the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon this evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 
 provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements are prevented or detected timely. 
 
 Management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. In addition, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls is subject to risks that those internal controls may become inadequate in future periods because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures deteriorates. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In 
 making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO in 2013. Based on this assessment, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 
 There were no changes that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 
 154 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item with respect to Directors and Executive Officers of IPALCO will be set forth under the captions Directors and Executive Officers in IPALCO s Proxy Statement to be furnished to shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO with respect to the identification of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee financial expert and the registrant s code of ethics will be set forth under the caption Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO will be set forth under the caption Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO will be set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO will be set forth under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The Financial Audit Committee of AES pre-approves the audit and non-audit services provided by the independent auditors for itself and its subsidiaries, including IPALCO and its subsidiaries. The AES Financial Audit Committee maintained its policy established in 2002 within which to judge if the independent auditor may be eligible to provide certain services outside of its main role as outside auditor. Services within the established framework include audit and related services and certain tax services. Services outside of the framework require AES Financial Audit Committee approval prior to the performance of the service. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 addresses auditor independence and this framework is consistent with the provisions of the Act. No services performed by the independent auditor with respect to IPALCO and its subsidiaries were approved after the fact by the AES Financial Audit Committee other than those that were considered to be de minimis and approved in accordance with Regulation 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) to Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act. 
 
 In addition to the pre-approval policies of the AES Financial Audit Committee, the IPALCO Board of Directors has established a pre-approval policy for audit, audit related, and certain tax and other non-audit services. The Board of Directors will specifically approve the annual audit services engagement letter, including terms and fees, with the independent auditor. Other audit, audit related and tax consultation services are specifically identified in the pre-approval policy and the policy is subject to review at least annually. This pre-approval allows management to request the specified services on an as-needed basis during the year. Any such services are reviewed with the Board of Directors on a timely basis. Any audit or non-audit services that involve a service not listed on the pre-approval list must be specifically approved by the Board of Directors prior to commencement of such work. No services were approved after the fact by the IPALCO Board of Directors other than those that were considered to be de minimis and approved in accordance with Regulation 2-01 (c)(7)(i)(c) to Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act. 
 155 

Audit fees are fees billed or expected to be billed by our principal accountant for professional services for the audit of the Financial Statements, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and review of financial statements included in IPALCO s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory, regulatory or other filings or engagements or any other service performed to comply with generally accepted auditing standards and include comfort and consent letters in connection with SEC filings and financing transactions. 
 
 The following table lists fees billed to IPALCO for products and services provided by our principal accountants: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit Fees 870,033 916,333 Audit Related Fees: Fees for the audit of AES Indiana s employee benefit plans 68,096 61,200 Assurance services for debt offering documents 75,000 108,000 Fees for tax services Other 8,500 8,500 Total Principal Accounting Fees and Services 1,021,629 1,094,033 

156 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Index to the financial statements, supplementary data and financial statement schedules 
 IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2022, 2021 and 2020 (PCAOB ID: 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 62 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock of Subsidiary for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 66 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 160 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 169 
 AES Indiana Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2022, 2021 and 2020 (PCAOB ID: 
 109 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 112 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 113 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 114 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder s Equity and Cumulative Preferred Stock for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 115 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 116 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 169 

157 

(b) Exhibits Exhibit No. Document 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to IPALCO s Form 8-K dated as of February 18, 2015) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to IPALCO s Form 8-K dated as of February 18, 2015) 
 4.1 Pledge Agreement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. dated as of November 14, 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No 4.1 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 4.2 Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of May 1, 1940, between IPL and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA, as successor in interest to American National Bank Trust Company of Chicago, Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 4.3 The following supplemental indentures to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust referenced in 4.2 above: 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 1949 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 1960 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 15, 1974 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s December 31, 2011 Form 10-K) 
 Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s June 30, 2013 Form 10-Q) 
 Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s June 30, 2014 Form 10-Q) 
 Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on September 28, 2015) 
 Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s June 30, 2016 Form 10-Q) 
 Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s December 31, 2016 Form 10-K) 
 Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO's December 31, 2018 Form 10-K) 
 Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3A to IPALCO's December 31, 2020 Form 10-K) 
 Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3B to IPALCO's December 31, 2020 Form 10-K) 
 Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO's June 30, 2021 Form 10-Q) 
 Seventieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to IPALCO's June 30, 2021 Form 10-Q) 
 Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 15, 2022 
 4.4 Indenture between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Trustee, dated August 22, 2017 for IPALCO s 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s August 22, 2017 Form 8-K) 
 4.5 Pledge Agreement Supplement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon trust Company, N.A., as Collateral Agent, dated August 22, 2017 to the Pledge Agreement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company dated November 14, 2001, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to IPALCO s August 22, 2017 Form 8-K) 
 4.6 Indenture between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, dated April 14, 2020 for the 4.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO's April 14, 2020 Form 8-K) 
 4.7 Pledge Agreement Supplement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Collateral Agent, dated April 14, 2020 to the Pledge Agreement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company dated November 14, 2001, as amended and supplemented (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to IPALCO's April 14, 2020 Form 8-K) 
 10.1 Interconnection Agreement, dated April 1, 2008, between American Electric Power Service Corporation, as agent for Indiana Michigan Power Company, and IPL (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 158 

10.2 Interconnection Agreement, dated December 2, 1968, between IPL and Southern Indiana Gas and Electric Company as modified through Modification Number 11 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 10.3 Interconnection Agreement dated December 1, 1981, between IPL and Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc., as modified through Modification 6 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 10.4 Tenth Supplemental Agreement to the Interconnection Agreement between IPL and PSI Energy, Inc., dated as of June 26, 2002, amending and completely restating prior agreements (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.4 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 10.5 350,000,000 Revolving Credit Facility Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, among Indianapolis Power Light Company, each lender from time to time party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Arranger, U.S. Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Arranger and The Huntington National Bank, as Documentation Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to IPALCO's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022) 
 10.6 Subscription Agreement by and between IPALCO and CDP Infrastructures Fund G.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec dated December 14, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to IPALCO s December 31, 2014 10-K/A) 
 10.7 IPALCO s Shareholders Agreement by and among AES U.S. Investments, Inc., IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and CDP Infrastructures Fund G.P. dated as of February 11, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to IPALCO s March 31, 2015 10-Q) 
 10.8 The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, dated April 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of The AES Corporation s Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015) 
 10.9 The AES Corporation Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on April 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of The AES Corporation s Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015) 
 10.10 The AES Corporation Severance Plan, as amended and restated on August 4, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017) 
 10.11 The AES Corporation Restoration Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of The AES Corporation s Form S-8 filed on August 6, 2019) 

10.12 Form of AES Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 
 10.13 Form of AES Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.14 Form of AES Performance Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 
 10.15 Form of AES Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015) 
 10.16 Form of AES Performance Cash Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.17 The AES Corporation Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan dated October 5, 2018 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the AES Corporation's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018) 
 10.18 Separation Agreement by and between The AES Corporation and Lisa Krueger dated January 25, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the AES Corporation's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.19 Consultation Agreement by and between The AES Corporation and Lisa Krueger dated January 25, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the AES Corporation's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 21 Subsidiaries of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 of IPALCO's December 31, 2021 Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 

159 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedules other than those listed below are omitted as the information is either not applicable, not required, or has been furnished in the financial statements or notes thereto included in Item 8 hereof. 

SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant Unconsolidated Statements of Operations 2022 2021 2020 (In Thousands) OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE), NET: Equity in income of subsidiaries Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Other income / (expense), net ) ) Total other income / (expense), net INCOME FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX Less: income tax expense / (benefit) ) ) ) NET INCOME 
 
 See Notes to Schedule I. 
 160 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant Unconsolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 2022 2021 2020 (In Thousands) Net income Derivative activity: Change in derivative fair value, net of income tax effect of ), ) and , for each respective period 
 ) Reclassification to earnings, net of income tax effect of ), ) and ), for each respective period 
 Net change in fair value of derivatives ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Schedule I. 
 161 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant Unconsolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Taxes receivable Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS: Investment in subsidiaries Deferred tax asset long term Derivative assets, non-current Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued interest Total current liabilities NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: Long-term debt Deferred tax liability - long-term Derivative liabilities, non-current Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 See Notes to Schedule I. 

162 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant Unconsolidated Statements of Cash Flows 2022 2021 2020 (In Thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATIONS: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Cash dividends received from subsidiary companies Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt premium Deferred income taxes net ) ) ) Charges related to early extinguishment of debt Change in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts payable ) ) Accrued taxes payable/receivable ) ) Accrued interest ) Other net Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Investment in subsidiaries ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Long-term borrowings, net of discount Retirement of long-term debt and early tender premium ) Loans from subsidiary Repayments of loans to subsidiary ) ) Distributions to shareholders ) ) ) Equity contributions from shareholders Deferred financing costs paid and other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest (net of amount capitalized) Income taxes 
 
 See Notes to Schedule I. 
 163 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant Unconsolidated Statements of Common Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) Paid in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total (In Thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Net comprehensive income/(loss) ) Distributions to shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) Other Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net comprehensive income Distributions to shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) Contributions from shareholders 275,000 275,000 Other Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net comprehensive income Distributions to shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) Contributions from shareholders Other Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 1) IPALCO made return of capital payments of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for the portion of current year distributions to shareholders in excess of current year net income. 

See Notes to Schedule I. 
 
 164 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Notes to Schedule I 

1. 

2. 

165 

million. All changes in the market value of the interest rate hedges are recorded in AOCI / (AOCL). See also Note 3, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Cash Flow Hedges " for further information. 
 
 Summary 
 
 The fair value of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 measured on a recurring basis and the respective category within the fair value hierarchy for IPALCO was determined as follows: 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In Thousands) Financial assets: VEBA investments: Money market funds Mutual funds Total VEBA investments Interest rate hedges Total financial assets measured at fair value Financial liabilities: Interest rate hedges Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value in the Unconsolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Debt 
 
 The fair value of our outstanding fixed-rate debt has been determined on the basis of the quoted market prices of the specific securities issued and outstanding. In certain circumstances, the market for such securities was inactive and therefore the valuation was adjusted to consider changes in market spreads for similar securities. Accordingly, the purpose of this disclosure is not to approximate the value on the basis of how the debt might be refinanced. 
 
 The following table shows the face value and the fair value of fixed-rate and variable-rate indebtedness (Level 2) for the periods ending: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Face Value Fair Value Face Value Fair Value (In Thousands) Fixed-rate Variable-rate Total indebtedness 
 
 The difference between the face value and the carrying value of this indebtedness represents the following: 
 
 unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and 
 unamortized discounts of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

166 

3. 

(a) Refers to whether the derivative instruments have been designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 As part of our risk management processes, we identify the relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The fair values of cash flow hedges determined by current public market prices will continue to fluctuate with changes in market prices up to contract expiration. The change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is recorded in other comprehensive income and amounts deferred are reclassified to earnings in the same income statement line as the hedged item in the period in which it settles. 
 
 In March 2019, we entered into forward interest rate swaps to hedge the interest risk associated with refinancing the IPALCO 2020 maturities. The interest rate swaps had a combined notional amount of million. In April 2020, we de-designated the swaps as cash flow hedges and froze the AOCL of million at the date of de-designation. The interest rate swaps were then amended and re-designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the interest rate risk associated with refinancing the 2024 IPALCO Notes. The amended interest rate swaps have a combined notional amount of million and will be settled when the 2024 IPALCO Notes are refinanced. The million of AOCL associated with the interest rate swaps through the date of the amendment will be amortized out of AOCL into interest expense over the remaining life of the 2030 IPALCO Notes, while any changes in fair value associated with the amended interest rate swaps will be recognized in AOCL going forward. 
 
 The following tables provide information on gains or losses recognized in AOCL for the cash flow hedges for the period indicated: 
 
 Interest Rate Hedges for the Year Ended December 31, in thousands (net of tax) 2022 2021 2020 Beginning accumulated derivative gain / (loss) in AOCL ) ) ) Net gains / (losses) associated with current period hedging transactions ) Net losses reclassified to interest expense, net of tax Ending accumulated derivative gain / (loss) in AOCI / (AOCL) ) ) Loss expected to be reclassified to earnings in the next twelve months 
 ) Maximum length of time that we are hedging our exposure to variability in future cash flows related to forecasted transactions (in months) 
 
 When applicable, IPALCO has elected not to offset derivative assets and liabilities and not to offset net derivative positions against the right to reclaim cash collateral pledged (an asset) or the obligation to return cash collateral received (a liability) under derivative agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, IPALCO did not have any offsetting positions. 
 
 167 

Interest rate hedges Cash Flow Hedge Derivative liabilities, non-current 

4. 
 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 September 2024 Senior Secured Notes 
 May 2030 Unamortized discount net ) ) Deferred financing costs net ) ) Total long-term debt Less: current portion of long-term debt Net long-term debt 
 
 IPALCO s Senior Secured Notes and Term Loan 
 
 In April 2020, IPALCO completed the sale of million aggregate principal amount of 2030 IPALCO Notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We used the net proceeds from this offering to retire the million Term Loan on April 14, 2020. The remaining net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem the 2020 IPALCO Notes on May 14, 2020, and to pay certain related fees, expenses and make-whole premiums. A loss on early extinguishment of debt of million for the 2020 IPALCO Notes is included as a separate line item within " Other Income/(Expense), Net " in the accompanying Unconsolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated April 14, 2020, IPALCO agreed to register the 2030 IPALCO Notes under the Securities Act by filing an exchange offer registration statement or, under specified circumstances, a shelf registration statement with the SEC. IPALCO filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with respect to the 2030 IPALCO Notes with the SEC on March 22, 2021 in respect of its obligations under such registration rights agreement, and this registration statement was declared effective on April 7, 2021. The exchange offer closed on May 11, 2021. 

168 

SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES 

Deducted from Inventories Valuation Allowance for Materials and Supplies Year ended December 31, 2021 Accumulated Provisions Deducted from Assets Doubtful Accounts Deducted from Inventories Valuation Allowance for Materials and Supplies Year ended December 31, 2020 Accumulated Provisions Deducted from Assets Doubtful Accounts ) Deducted from Inventories Valuation Allowance for Materials and Supplies 
 
 Deducted from Inventories Valuation Allowance for Materials and Supplies Year ended December 31, 2021 Accumulated Provisions Deducted from Assets Doubtful Accounts Deducted from Inventories Valuation Allowance for Materials and Supplies Year ended December 31, 2020 Accumulated Provisions Deducted from Assets Doubtful Accounts ) Deducted from Inventories Valuation Allowance for Materials and Supplies 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 169 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 
 Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Kristina Lund 
 Kristina Lund 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Capacity Date /s/ Kristina Lund President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 Kristina Lund /s/ Kenneth J. Zagzebski Director March 1, 2023 Kenneth J. Zagzebski /s/ Bernerd Da Santos Director March 1, 2023 Bernerd Da Santos /s/ Paul L. Freedman Director March 1, 2023 Paul L. Freedman /s/ Susan Harcourt Director March 1, 2023 Susan Harcourt /s/ Marc Michael Director March 1, 2023 Marc Michael /s/ Stephen Coughlin Director March 1, 2023 Stephen Coughlin /s/ Tish Mendoza Director March 1, 2023 Tish Mendoza /s/ Fr d ric Lesage Director March 1, 2023 Fr d ric Lesage /s/ Olivier Roy-Durocher Director March 1, 2023 Olivier Roy-Durocher /s/ Ahmed Pasha Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 Ahmed Pasha /s/ Jon Byers Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 Jon Byers 
 
 Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15 (d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act 
 
 No annual report or proxy material has been sent to security holders. 
 170 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ipalco10k20221231ex43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY 
 TO 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST 
 COMPANY, N.A. 
 Trustee 
 
 ________ 
 
 Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture 
 ________ 

Dated as of November 15, 2022 

ESTABLISHING FIRST MORTGAGE BONDS, 
 5.650 Series, Due 2032 

i 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 of 
 SEVENTY-FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 of 
 INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY 
 Page PARTIES 1 RECITALS 1 SECTION 1 Granting clauses 3 Part I Electric Distributing Systems 3 Part II Reserved 4 Part III Indeterminate Permits and Franchises 4 Part IV Other Property 4 SECTION 2 Definitions 5 SECTION 3 Designation and Authentication of 2032 Bonds 7 SECTION 4 Optional Redemption 10 SECTION 5 Registration, transfer and Exchange 12 SECTION 6 Restrictions on Transfer and Exchange 15 SECTION 7 Temporary Offshore Global Bond 18 SECTION 8 Form of fully registered bond 18 Form of Trustee's certificate on bonds 18 SECTION 9 Temporary Bonds 24 SECTION 10 Annual Payments for Maintenance and Improvement Fund 24 SECTION 11 Compliance with Section 47 of Original Mortgage with respect to dividend restrictions 24 
 ------------------- 
 Table of Contents is not part of the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture and should not be considered such. It is included herein only for purposes of convenient reference. 

ii 

Page SECTION 12 Rule 144A Information Request 25 SECTION 13 Acceptance of trusts by Trustee and conditions of Acceptance 25 SECTION 14 Succesors and assigns 27 SECTION 15 Limitation of rights hereunder 27 SECTION 16 Compliance with terms, provisions and conditions of Mortgage 27 SECTION 17 Execution in counterparts 27 SECTION 18 Waiver of jury trial 27 SIGNATURES AND SEALS 28 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 30 EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A Certificate of Beneficial Ownership EXHIBIT B DTC Legend EXHIBIT C Regulation S Certificate EXHIBIT D Restricted Legend EXHIBIT E Rule 144A Certificate EXHIBIT F Temporary Offshore DTC Legend 

1 

THIS SEVENTY-FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of November 15, 2022, between INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Indiana, hereinafter sometimes called the Company, party of the first part, and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., a national banking association, as Trustee, hereinafter sometimes called the Trustee, party of the second part 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company by a Mortgage and Deed of Trust (hereinafter sometimes called the Original Mortgage when referred to as existing prior to any supplement thereto or modification thereof, and the Mortgage when referred to as now or heretofore supplemented and modified) dated as of May 1, 1940, made to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., successor to American National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago, as Trustee, to secure the payment of the bonds issued from time to time under the Mortgage for the purposes of and subject to the limitations specified in the Mortgage, and to secure the performance of the covenants therein contained, conveyed to the Trustee thereunder upon certain trusts, terms and conditions, and with and subject to certain provisos and covenants therein contained, all and singular the property, rights and franchises which the Company then owned or should thereafter acquire, excepting the property expressly excepted by the terms of the Original Mortgage or any indenture supplemental thereto, to which Mortgage reference is hereby made for greater certainty and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Original Mortgage has been supplemented and modified by supplemental indentures dated as of May 1, 1942, as of February 1, 1948, as of April 1, 1949, as of October 1, 1949 (two), as of February 1, 1951, as of March 1, 1953, as of June l, 1956, as of March 1, 1958, as of October 1, 1960, as of August l, 1964, as of April l, 1966, as of May l, 1967, as of May l, 1968, as of October l, 1970, as of March l, 1972, as of March 15, 1973, as of February 15, 1974, as of August 15, 1974, as of September 15, 1975, as of June l, 1976, as of July 1, 1976, as of August 1, 1977, as of September l, 1978, as of August 1, 1981 (two), as of November l, 1983, as of November l, 1984, as of December 1, 1984, as of September 1, 1985, as of October 1, 1986, as of June 1, 1989, as of August 1, 1989, as of October 15, 1991, as of August l, 1992, as of April 1, 1993 and as of October 1, 1993 (two), as of February 1, 1994 (two), as of January 15, 1995, as of October 1, 1995, as of August 1, 2001 (four), as of August 1, 2003, as of January 1, 2004, as of April 1, 2005 (two), as of September 1, 2006 (two), as of October 1, 2006, as of June 1, 2007, as of May 1, 2009 (three), as of August 1, 2011 (two), as of November 1, 2011, as of June 1, 2013, as of June 1, 2014, as of September 1, 2015, as of May 1, 2016, as of December 1, 2016, as of November 1, 2018, as of December 1, 2020 (two) and as of July 1, 2021 (two) and 

2 

WHEREAS, Section 8 of the Original Mortgage provides, among other things, that the form of each series of bonds (other than the initial issue of bonds) issued thereunder shall be established by an indenture supplemental thereto authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company, and that the form of each series, as established by the Board of Directors, shall specify the descriptive title of the bonds and various other terms thereof, and may also contain such other provisions as the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, cause to be inserted therein expressing or referring to the terms and conditions upon which such bonds are to be issued and secured under the Original Mortgage or any indenture supplemental thereto or in modification thereof and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company now desires to provide for the establishment, execution, authentication and delivery under the Mortgage of bonds of a series to be known as its First Mortgage Bonds, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 (the bonds of said series being hereinafter sometimes referred to as the 2032 Bonds ), limited to the aggregate principal amount of Three Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 350,000,000) and 
 
 WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the 2032 Bonds hereinafter described, when duly executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, a valid, binding and legal obligation of the Company, and to make this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture a valid and binding agreement supplemental to the Original Mortgage, have been done and performed and 
 
 WHEREAS, the execution and delivery by the Company of this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, and the terms of the 2032 Bonds, have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company by appropriate resolutions of said Board and 
 
 WHEREAS, it is provided in and by the Original Mortgage that the Company will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Mortgage, and to make subject to the lien thereof any property thereafter acquired and intended to be subject to the lien thereof and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has, since the date of execution and delivery of the Original Mortgage, purchased and acquired property and desires by this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture specifically to convey to the Trustee such property for the better protection and security of the bonds issued and to be issued under the Original Mortgage, or any indenture supplemental thereof 

3 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH that, in consideration of the premises and of the acceptance or purchase of the 2032 Bonds by the registered owners thereof, and of the sum of one dollar, lawful money of the United States of America, to the Company duly paid by the Trustee at or before the execution and delivery of this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Trustee, respectively, have entered into, executed and delivered this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, for the uses and purposes hereinafter expressed, that is to say 
 
 SECTION 1. The Company has granted, bargained, sold, released, conveyed, assigned, transferred, mortgaged, pledged, set over and confirmed, and by these presents does grant, bargain, sell, release, convey, assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, set over and confirm (subject, however, to excepted encumbrances as defined in the Mortgage), unto said The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, as herein provided, and its successors in the trusts declared in the Original Mortgage and herein, all of the property, real, personal and mixed, tangible and intangible, of every kind, character and description which the Company has acquired since the execution and delivery of the Original Mortgage and now owns (except property, rights and assets of a character similar to that excluded from the lien and operation of the Mortgage by the Granting Clauses of the Original Mortgage, which property, rights and assets are excluded from the lien and operation of the Mortgage only to the extent provided therein), including, but without otherwise limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following described property situated within the State of Indiana 
 
 PART I. 
 ELECTRIC DISTRIBUTING SYSTEMS. 
 
 All electric distributing systems of the Company acquired by it after May 1, 1940, the date of the Original Mortgage, and located in the Counties of Bartholomew, Boone, Daviess, Greene, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Johnson, Knox, Madison, Marion, Monroe, Morgan, Owen, Pike, Putnam, Shelby, and Sullivan, State of Indiana and any additions to or extensions of any such systems, together with the buildings, erections, structures, transmission lines, power stations, sub-stations, engines, boilers, condensers, pumps, turbines, machinery, tools, conduits, manholes, insulators, dynamos, motors, lamps, cables, wires, poles, towers, cross-arms, piers, abutments, switchboard equipment, meters, appliances, instruments, apparatus, appurtenances, maps, records, ledgers, contracts, facilities and other property or equipment used or provided for use in connection with the construction, maintenance, repair and operation thereof together also with all of the rights, privileges, rights-of-way, franchises, licenses, grants, liberties, immunities, ordinances, 

4 

permits and easements of the Company in respect of the construction, maintenance, repair and operation of said systems. 

PART II. 
 Reserved 
 
 PART III. 
 INDETERMINATE PERMITS AND FRANCHISES. 
 
 All indeterminate permits, franchises, ordinances, licenses, and other authorizations by or from any state, county, municipality, or other governmental authority, acquired by the Company after May 1, 1940, the date of the Original Mortgage, including particularly, but not limited to, any indeterminate permits under the Public Service Commission Act of the State of Indiana, and all Acts amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto, and all right, title and interest therein now owned by the Company, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of said indeterminate permits, franchises, ordinances, licenses, and other authorizations, and of the indeterminate permits, franchises, ordinances, licenses, and other authorizations referred to in Part VII of the Granting Clauses of the Original Mortgage. 
 
 PART IV. 
 OTHER PROPERTY. 
 
 All other property, whether real, personal or mixed (except any in the Mortgage expressly excepted), now owned by the Company and wheresoever situated, including (without in anywise limiting or impairing by the enumeration of the same the scope and intent of the foregoing or of any general description contained in the Mortgage) all lands, flowage rights, water rights, flumes, raceways, dams, rights-of-way and roads all plants for the generation of electricity by water, steam and or other power, power houses, telephone systems, water systems, power plants, hot water plants, sub-stations, transmission lines, distribution systems, bridges, culverts and tracts all offices, buildings and structures and the equipment thereof all machinery, engines, boilers, dynamos, machines, regulators, meters, transformers, generators and motors all appliances whether electrical, gas or mechanical, conduits, cables and lines all pipes whether for water, and power, or other purposes all mains and pipes, service pipes, fittings, valves and connections, poles, wires, tools, implements, apparatus, furniture and chattels all municipal franchises, indeterminate 

5 

permits, and other permits all lines for the transportation, transmission and or distribution of electric current, and power or water for any purpose, including towers, poles, wires, cables, pipes, conduits and all apparatus for use in connection therewith all real estate, lands, leases, leaseholds all contracts, whether heat, light, power, water or street lighting contracts all easements, servitudes, licenses, permits, rights, powers, franchises, privileges, rights-of-way and other rights in or relating to real estate or the occupancy of the same and (except as hereinafter or in the Mortgage expressly excepted) all the right, title and interest of the Company in and to all other property of any kind or nature appertaining to and or used and or occupied and or enjoyed in connection with any property hereinbefore described or referred to 
 
 Together with all and singular the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging or in anywise appertaining to the aforesaid property or any part thereof, with the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders and (subject to the provisions of Section 64 of the Original Mortgage), the tolls, rents, revenues, issues, earnings, income, product and profits thereof, and all the estate, right, title and interest and claim whatsoever, at law as well as in equity, which the Company now has or may hereafter acquire in and to the aforesaid property, indeterminate permits, franchises, ordinances, licenses and other authorizations and every part and parcel thereof. 
 
 SECTION 2. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture shall have the following meanings 
 
 Agent Member means a member of, or a participant in, the Depositary. 
 
 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 
 Certificated Bond means a 2032 Bond in registered individual form without interest coupons that is not a Global Bond. 
 
 Clearstream means Clearstream Banking SA and its successors. 
 
 Depositary means the depositary of each Global Bond, which will initially be DTC or its nominee. 
 
 DTC means The Depository Trust Company, a New York Corporation, and its successors. 

6 

DTC Legend means the legend set forth in Exhibit B. 
 
 Electronic Means means the following communications methods S.W.I.F.T., e-mail, facsimile transmission, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. 
 
 Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V., and its successors and assigns, as operator of the Euroclear System. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Global Bond means a 2032 Bond in registered global form without interest coupons. 
 
 Initial Purchasers means the initial purchasers party to a purchase agreement with the Company relating to the sale of the 2032 Bonds by the Company. 
 
 Officers Certificate means a certificate signed in the name of the Company (i) by the chairman of the Board of Directors, the president or chief executive officer or a senior vice president or vice president and (ii) by the chief financial officer, the treasurer or any assistant treasurer or the secretary or any assistant secretary. 
 
 Offshore Global Bond means a Global Bond representing 2032 Bonds issued and sold pursuant to Regulation S. 
 
 Permanent Offshore Global Bond means an Offshore Global Bond that does not bear the Temporary Offshore DTC Legend. 
 
 Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
 Regulation S Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. 
 
 Restricted Period means the relevant 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S. 

7 

Restricted Legend means the legend set forth in Exhibit D. 
 
 Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
 
 Rule 144A Certificate means (i) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto or (ii) a written certification addressed to the Company and the Trustee to the effect that the person making such certification (x) is acquiring such 2032 Bond (or beneficial interest) for its own account or one or more accounts with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, (y) is aware that the transfer to it or exchange, as applicable, is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A, and (z) acknowledges that it has received such information regarding the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) or has determined not to request such information. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Temporary Offshore Global Bond means an Offshore Global Bond that bears the Temporary Offshore DTC Legend. 
 
 Temporary Offshore DTC Legend means the legend set forth in Exhibit F. 
 
 U.S. Global Bond means a Global Bond that bears the Restricted Legend representing 2032 Bonds issued and sold pursuant to Rule 144A. 
 
 SECTION 3. (a) There shall be and is hereby established a series of bonds, limited in aggregate principal amount to Three Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 350,000,000) to be issued under and secured by the Mortgage, to be designated 5.650 Series, Due 2032 , each of which shall also bear the descriptive title First Mortgage Bonds said 2032 Bonds shall mature on December 1, 2032, and shall be issued only as fully registered bonds without coupons in the denomination of two thousand dollars and any larger denomination which is a whole multiple of one thousand dollars said 2032 Bonds shall accrue interest from and including the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from the date of issuance of the 2032 Bonds to but excluding the date on which interest is paid, at the rate per annum designated in the title thereof interest shall be payable in arrears semi-annually, on June 1 and December 1 of each year commencing June 1, 2023, or if such day shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to 

8 

close in the City of Chicago, Illinois, the day next succeeding such day which shall not be a legal holiday or a day on which such institutions are authorized to close and the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on said bond shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office or agency of the Company in the City of Chicago, Illinois. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. The person in whose name any such 2032 Bond is registered at the close of business on any record date (as hereinafter defined) with respect to any interest payment date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such interest payment date, except if and to the extent the Company shall default in the payment of the interest due on such interest payment date, in which case such defaulted interest shall be paid to the person in whose name such 2032 Bond is registered on the date of payment of such defaulted interest or on a subsequent record date for such payment if one shall have been established as hereinafter provided. A subsequent record date with respect to payment of interest in default may be established by or on behalf of the Company by notice mailed to the holders of the 2032 Bonds not less than ten (10) days preceding such record date, which record date shall not be more than thirty (30) days prior to the subsequent interest payment date. The term record date as used in this Section with respect to any regular interest payment date shall mean the tenth day next preceding such interest payment date, whether or not such day shall be a business day. 
 
 (b) The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. is hereby designated and appointed the office and agency of the Company for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 2032 Bonds. All reference herein to the office or agency of the Company for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 2032 Bonds shall be to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. In the event of the resignation or inability to act of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., then a successor paying agent for all such purposes shall be appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. is hereby designated and appointed the office and agency of the Company for the registration, transfer and exchange of such bonds. All reference herein to the office or agency of the Company for the registration, transfer or exchange of the 2032 Bonds shall be to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. In the event of the resignation or inability to act of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., then a successor agent for the registration, transfer and exchange of the 2032 Bonds shall be appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (c) The 2032 Bonds shall be dated as of the date of authentication thereof, except as otherwise provided in Section 10 of the Original Mortgage. 

9 

(d) The 2032 Bonds shall be limited to an aggregate principal amount of Three Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 350,000,000) and shall be issued under the provisions of Article VI of the Original Mortgage. 
 
 (e) (1) Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (f), Section 6(b)(3) or (c), or Section 5(b)(4), each 2032 Bond (other than a Permanent Offshore Bond) will bear the Restricted Legend. 
 
 (2) Each Global Bond will bear the DTC Legend. 
 
 (3) Each Temporary Offshore Global Bond will bear the Temporary Offshore DTC Legend. 
 
 (4) 2032 Bonds initially offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S will be issued as provided in Section 7(a). 
 
 (f) If the Company determines (upon the advice of counsel and such other certifications and evidence as the Company may reasonably require) that a 2032 Bond is eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or a successor provision) and that the Restricted Legend is no longer necessary or appropriate in order to ensure that subsequent transfers of the 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein) are effected in compliance with the Securities Act, the Company may instruct the Trustee to cancel such 2032 Bond and issue to the holder thereof (or to its transferee) a new 2032 Bond of like tenor and amount, registered in the name of the holder thereof (or its transferee), that does not bear the Restricted Legend, and the Trustee, upon receipt of such new 2032 Bond from the Company, will comply with such instruction. 
 
 (g) By its acceptance of any 2032 Bond bearing the Restricted Legend (or any beneficial interest in such a 2032 Bond), each holder thereof and each owner of a beneficial interest therein acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such 2032 Bond (and any such beneficial interest) set forth in this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture and in the Restricted Legend and agrees that it will transfer such 2032 Bond (and any such beneficial interest) only in accordance with the Mortgage, as supplemented by this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, and such legend. 
 
 (h) A 2032 Bond will not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on the 2032 Bond, with the signature conclusive evidence that the 2032 Bond has been authenticated under this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture. 

10 

(i) At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, the Company may deliver 2032 Bonds executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication. The Trustee will authenticate and deliver 2032 Bonds for original issue in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed Three Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 350,000,000). 
 
 SECTION 4. Except as provided in this Section 4, the 2032 Bonds shall not be redeemable. 
 
 Upon the notice and in the manner and with the effect provided in the Mortgage and in this Section 4, the 2032 Bonds shall be redeemable by the Company prior to the maturity thereof out of monies deposited with the Trustee representing the proceeds of mortgaged and pledged property taken by the exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise as provided in paragraph B of Section 69 of the Mortgage, at the principal amount of the 2032 Bonds as to be redeemed and accrued interest to the date of redemption. 
 
 Upon the notice and in the manner and with the effect provided in this Section 4, the 2032 Bonds shall be redeemable prior to September 1, 2032 (three months prior to the maturity date) (the Par Call Date ), at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of 
 
 (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2032 Bonds matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus twenty-five (25) basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 
 
 100 of the principal amount of the 2032 Bonds to be redeemed, 
 
 plus , in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

As used in this Section 4, Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

11 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4 15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) H.15 under the caption U.S. government securities Treasury constant maturities Nominal (or any successor caption or heading) H.15 TCM ). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 
 
 If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11 00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury 

12 

Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 
 
 On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2032 Bonds, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2032 Bonds being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 
 The Company s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price in accordance with the foregoing shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 The notice required for the redemption of the 2032 Bonds shall be as provided in Section 59 of the Mortgage and applicable procedures of the Depositary. If the redemption price is not known at the time such notice is to be given, such notice shall include the formula by which the redemption price will be determined and the actual redemption price, calculated as described in the terms of the 2032 Bonds, will be set forth in an Officers Certificate of the Company delivered to the Trustee no later than two business days prior to the redemption date. 
 
 If fewer than all the 2032 Bonds are to be redeemed, selection of 2032 Bonds for redemption will be made by the Trustee in the manner specified in the Mortgage. 
 
 Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, from and after the date of redemption, the 2032 Bonds or portions thereof called for redemption will cease to bear interest, and the holders of the 2032 Bonds will have no right in respect of the 2032 Bonds except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 
 No sinking fund is provided for the 2032 Bonds. 
 
 SECTION 5. (a) The 2032 Bonds will be issued in registered form only, without coupons, and except under the circumstances described in subsection (b)(2) or (b)(4) of this Section 5, the 2032 Bonds will be issued in global form only. The Company shall cause the agent for the registration, transfer and exchange named in Section 3(b) (the Transfer Agent to maintain a register (the Register of the 2032 Bonds, for registering the record ownership of 2032 Bonds by the holders thereof and transfers and exchanges of 2032 Bonds. 

13 

(b) (1) Each Global Bond will be registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee and, so long as DTC is serving as the Depositary thereon will bear the DTC Legend. 
 
 (2) Each Global Bond will be delivered to the Transfer Agent as custodian for the Depositary. Transfers of a Global Bond (but not a beneficial interest therein) will be limited to transfers thereof in whole, but not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees, except (i) as set forth in Section 5(b)(4) and (ii) transfers of portions thereof in the form of Certificated Bonds may be made upon request of an Agent Member (for itself or on behalf of a beneficial owner) by written notice given to the Transfer Agent by or on behalf of the Depositary in accordance with customary procedures of the Depositary and in compliance with this Section and Section 6. 
 
 (3) Agent Members will have no rights under the Mortgage or this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture with respect to any Global Bond held on their behalf by the Depositary, and the Depositary may be treated by the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee as the absolute owner and holder of such Global Bond for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Depositary or its nominee may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any person (including any Agent Member and any person that holds a beneficial interest in a Global Bond through an Agent Member) to take any action which a holder is entitled to take under the Mortgage or this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture or the 2032 Bonds, and nothing herein will impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of any security. 
 
 (4) If (x) the Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for a Global Bond and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Company within 90 days of the notice, or (y) a completed default (as defined in the Mortgage) has occurred and is continuing and the Transfer Agent has received a request from the Depositary, or (z) the Company determines that the 2032 Bonds will no longer be represented by Global Bonds, the Company will prepare, execute and deliver to the Transfer Agent, and upon receipt the Transfer Agent will promptly exchange each beneficial interest in each Global Bond for one or more Certificated Bonds of the same series in authorized denominations having an equal aggregate principal amount registered in the name of the owner of such beneficial interest, as identified to the Transfer Agent by the Depositary, and thereupon each Global Bond will be deemed canceled. If a Global Bond does not bear the Restricted Legend, then the Certificated Bonds issued in exchange therefor 

14 

will not bear the Restricted Legend. If a Global Bond bears the Restricted Legend, then the Certificated Bonds issued in exchange therefor will bear the Restricted Legend, provided that any holder of any such Certificated Bond issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Temporary Offshore Global Bond will have the right upon presentation to the Transfer Agent, with a copy to the Company, of a duly completed Certificate of Beneficial Ownership after the Restricted Period to exchange such Certificated Bond for a Certificated Bond of like tenor and amount that does not bear the Restricted Legend, registered in the name of such holder, and the Company will prepare, execute and deliver such Certificated Bond to the Transfer Agent. 
 
 (c) A holder may transfer a 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein) to another person or exchange a 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein) for another 2032 Bond or 2032 Bonds of any authorized denomination by presenting to the Transfer Agent, with a copy to the Company, a written request therefor stating the name of the proposed transferee or requesting such an exchange, accompanied by any certification, opinion or other document required by Section 6. The Company will prepare, execute and deliver such 2032 Bond to the Transfer Agent, and upon receipt the Transfer Agent will promptly register any transfer or exchange that meets the requirements of this Section by noting the same in the Register maintained by the Transfer Agent for the purpose provided that 
 
 (x) no transfer or exchange will be effective until it is registered in the Register and 
 
 (y) the Company and the Transfer Agent will not be required (i) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any 2032 Bond for a period of ten (10) days before any interest payment date of such bonds, (ii) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any 2032 Bond for a period of fifteen (15) days before a selection of 2032 Bonds to be redeemed or purchased, (iii) to register the transfer of or exchange any 2032 Bond so selected for redemption or purchase in whole or in part, except, in the case of a partial redemption or purchase, that portion of any 2032 Bond not being redeemed or purchased, or (iv) if a redemption or a purchase is to occur after a record date but on or before the corresponding interest payment date, to register the transfer of or exchange any 2032 Bond on or after the record date and before the date of redemption or purchase. Prior to the registration of any transfer, the Company, the Trustee and their agents will treat the person in whose name any 2032 Bond is registered as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes (whether or not the 2032 Bond is overdue), and will not be affected by notice to the contrary. 

15 

(d) From time to time the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate additional 2032 Bonds as necessary in order to permit the registration of a transfer or exchange in accordance with this Section. 
 
 (e) No service charge will be imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of any 2032 Bond, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than a transfer tax or other similar governmental charge payable upon exchange pursuant to subsection (b)(4)). 
 
 (f) (1) If a beneficial interest in a Global Bond is transferred or exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Bond, the Transfer Agent will (x) record a decrease upon its official records in the principal amount of the Global Bond being transferred or exchanged equal to the principal amount of such transfer or exchange and (y) upon its official records record a like increase in the principal amount of the other Global Bond. Any beneficial interest in one Global Bond that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in another Global Bond, or exchanged for an interest in another Global Bond of the same series, will, upon transfer or exchange, cease to be an interest in such Global Bond and become an interest in the other Global Bond and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer and exchange restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in such other Global Bond for as long as it remains such an interest. 
 
 (2) If a Certificated Bond is transferred or exchanged for another Certificated Bond, the Transfer Agent will (x) cancel the Certificated Bond being transferred or exchanged, (y) deliver one or more new Certificated Bonds in authorized denominations having an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such transfer or exchange to the transferee (in the case of a transfer) or the holder of the canceled Certificated Bond (in the case of an exchange), registered in the name of such transferee or holder, as applicable, and (if such transfer or exchange involves less than the entire principal amount of the canceled Certificated Bond) deliver to the holder thereof one or more Certificated Bonds in authorized denominations having an aggregate principal amount equal to the untransferred or unexchanged portion of the canceled Certificated Bond, registered in the name of the holder thereof. 
 
 SECTION 6. (a) The transfer or exchange of any 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein) may only be made in accordance with this Section and Section 5 and, in the case of a Global Bond (or a beneficial interest therein), the applicable rules and procedures of the 

16 

Depositary. The Transfer Agent shall refuse to register any requested transfer or exchange that does not comply with the preceding sentence. 
 
 (b) Subject to paragraph (c), the transfer or exchange of any 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein) of the type set forth in column A below for a 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein) of the type set forth opposite in column B below may only be made in compliance with the certification requirements (if any) described in the clause of this paragraph set forth opposite in column C below. 
 
 A 
 B 
 C 
 U.S. Global Bond 
 U.S. Global Bond 
 U.S. Global Bond 
 Certificated Bond 
 Certificated Bond 
 Certificated Bond 
 Offshore Global Bond 
 Offshore Global Bond 
 Offshore Global Bond 
 U.S. Global Bond 
 Offshore Global Bond 
 Certificated Bond 
 Certificated Bond 
 U.S. Global Bond 
 Offshore Global Bond 
 U.S. Global Bond 
 Offshore Global Bond 
 Certificated Bond 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (2) 
 (4) 
 (1) 
 (3) 

(1) No certification is required. 
 
 (2) The person requesting the transfer or exchange must deliver or cause to be delivered to the Transfer Agent a duly completed Regulation S Certificate. 
 
 (3) The person requesting the transfer or exchange must deliver or cause to be delivered to the Transfer Agent (x) a duly completed Rule 144A Certificate or (y) a duly completed Regulation S Certificate, and or (z) an opinion of counsel and such other certifications and evidence as the Company may reasonably require in order to determine that the proposed transfer or exchange is being made in compliance with the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States provided that if the requested transfer or exchange is made by the holder of a 2032 Bond that does not bear the Restricted Legend, then no certification is required. In the event that (i) the requested transfer or exchange takes place after the Restricted Period and a duly completed Regulation S Certificate is delivered to the Transfer Agent or (ii) a 2032 Bond that does not bear the Restricted Legend is surrendered for transfer or exchange, upon transfer or exchange the Transfer Agent will deliver a Certificated Bond that does not bear the Restricted Legend. 
 
 (4) The person requesting the transfer or exchange must deliver or cause to be delivered to the Transfer Agent a duly completed Rule 144A Certificate. 

17 

(c) No certification is required in connection with any transfer or exchange of any 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein) 
 
 (1) after such 2032 Bond is eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or a successor provision) provided that the Company has provided the Transfer Agent with an Officer s Certificate to that effect, and the Company may require from any person requesting a transfer or exchange in reliance upon this clause (1) an opinion of counsel and any other reasonable certifications and evidence in order to support such certificate or 
 
 (2) sold pursuant to an effective registration statement. 
 
 Any Certificated Bond delivered in reliance upon this paragraph will not bear the Restricted Legend. 
 
 (d) The Transfer Agent will retain copies of all certificates, opinions and other documents received in connection with the transfer or exchange of a 2032 Bond (or a beneficial interest therein), and the Company will have the right to inspect and make copies thereof at any reasonable time upon written notice to the Transfer Agent. 
 
 (e) Neither the Trustee nor the Transfer Agent shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under the Mortgage or this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any 2032 Bonds (including any transfers between or among the Depositary s participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Bond) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation, as is expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. 
 
 (f) The Company, the Trustee, and the Transfer Agent reserve the right to require the delivery of such legal opinions, certifications or other evidence as may reasonably be required in order to determine that the proposed transfer is being made in compliance with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or rules or regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time thereunder, and applicable state securities laws. 

18 

SECTION 7. (a) Each 2032 Bond originally sold by the Initial Purchasers in reliance upon Regulation S will be evidenced by one or more Offshore Global Bonds that bear the Temporary Offshore DTC Legend. 
 
 (b) An owner of a beneficial interest in a Temporary Offshore Global Bond (or a person acting on behalf of such an owner) may provide to the Transfer Agent (and the Transfer Agent will accept) a duly completed Certificate of Beneficial Ownership at any time after the Restricted Period (it being understood that the Transfer Agent will not accept any such certificate during the Restricted Period). Promptly after acceptance of a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership with respect to such a beneficial interest, the Transfer Agent will cause such beneficial interest to be exchanged for an equivalent beneficial interest in a Permanent Offshore Global Bond, and will (x) permanently reduce the principal amount of such Temporary Offshore Global Bond by the amount of such beneficial interest and (y) increase the principal amount of such Permanent Offshore Global Bond by the amount of such beneficial interest. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, beneficial interests in a Temporary Offshore Global Bond may be held through the Depositary only through Euroclear and Clearstream and their respective direct and indirect participants. 
 
 SECTION 8. The 2032 Bonds, and the Trustee s Certificate to be endorsed thereon, shall be in the following forms, respectively 

FORM OF FACE OF 2032 BOND 
 
 INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY 
 FIRST MORTGAGE BOND, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 
 Due December 1, 2032 
 No. ___ ___________ 
 
 INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Indiana (hereinafter called the Company ), for value received, hereby promises to pay ______ or registered assigns, on December 1, 2032, at the office or agency of the Company for such purpose in the City of Chicago, State of Illinois, ___________________ Dollars in 

19 

lawful money of the United States of America, and to pay to the registered owner hereof interest thereon from and including the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or if no interest has been paid, from November 23, 2022, through but excluding the date on which interest is paid, at the rate of five and sixty-five one hundreths percent (5.650 per annum in like lawful money at said office or agency on June 1 and December 1 in each year commencing June 1, 2023, or if such day shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close in the City of Chicago, Illinois, the day next succeeding such day which shall not be a legal holiday or a day on which such institutions are authorized to close, until the Company s obligation with respect to the payment of such principal shall have been discharged. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. The interest payable hereunder on June 1 or December 1 will, subject to the exception provided in Section 3 of the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture hereinafter mentioned, be paid to the person in whose name this bond is registered at the close of business on the record date, which shall be the tenth day next preceding such interest payment date, whether or not such day shall be a business day. 
 
 REFERENCE IS MADE TO THE FURTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS BOND SET FORTH ON THE SUBSEQUENT PAGES HEREOF. SUCH FURTHER PROVISIONS SHALL, FOR ALL PURPOSES, HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS THOUGH FULLY SET FORTH IN THIS PLACE. 
 
 No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or interest on this bond against any incorporator or any past, present or future subscriber to the capital stock, stockholder, officer or director of the Company or of any predecessor or successor corporation, as such, either directly or through the Company or any predecessor or successor corporation, under any rule of law, statute, or constitution or by the enforcement of any assessment or otherwise, all such liability of incorporators, subscribers, stockholders, officers and directors, as such, being waived and released by the terms of the Mortgage, as herein defined. 
 
 This bond shall not become obligatory until The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., the Trustee under the Mortgage (the Trustee ), or its successor thereunder, shall have signed the form of certificate endorsed hereon. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY has caused this bond to be signed in its name by its President or one of its Vice Presidents, by his or her signature or a facsimile thereof, and its corporate seal to be affixed hereon, attested 

20 

by its Secretary or one of its Assistant Secretaries, by his or her signature or a facsimile thereof. 
 
 INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY 
 
 Dated_______________ By_______________________________ 
 
 Attest 
 
 By_____________________________ 
 
 FORM OF TRUSTEE S CERTIFICATE ON BONDS 
 Trustee s Certificate 
 This 2032 Bond is one of the bonds, of the series herein designated, provided for in the within-mentioned Mortgage and Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture thereto. 
 
 Dated_______________ 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST 
 COMPANY, N.A., Trustee 
 
 By________________________________ 
 Authorized Signature 

FORM OF SUBSEQUENT PAGES OF BOND 
 
 INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY 
 
 First Mortgage Bond, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 
 Due December 1, 2032 
 
 This bond is one of an issue of bonds of the Company, issuable in series, and is one of a series known as its First Mortgage Bonds, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 (herein called the 

21 

2032 Bonds limited in aggregate principal amount to Three Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 350,000,000) and established by a Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 15, 2022, all bonds of all series issued and to be issued under and equally secured (except insofar as any sinking or other fund, established in accordance with the provisions of the Mortgage hereinafter mentioned, may afford additional security for the bonds of any particular series) by a Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of May 1, 1940, executed by the Company to American National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago (predecessor to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.), as the Trustee (which Mortgage and Deed of Trust as supplemented and modified by all supplemental indentures thereto is hereinafter referred to as the Mortgage ), to which Mortgage reference is made for a description of the property mortgaged and pledged, the nature and extent of the security, the rights of the bearers or registered owners of the bonds in respect of such security, the duties and immunities of the Trustee and the terms and conditions upon which the bonds are secured. 
 
 The 2032 Bonds are subject to redemption as provided in Section 4 of the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, to which reference is made for full description of redemption provisions and prices. 
 
 With the consent of the Company and to the extent permitted by and as provided in the Mortgage, the rights and obligations of the Company and or of the holders of the bonds and or coupons and or the terms and provisions of the Mortgage and or any instruments supplemental thereto may be modified or altered by affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2 3 in principal amount of the bonds affected by such modification or alteration then outstanding under the Mortgage (excluding bonds disqualified from voting by reason of the Company s interest therein as provided in the Mortgage) provided that no such modification or alteration shall permit the extension of the maturity of the principal of this 2032 Bond or the reduction in the rate of interest hereon or any other modification in the terms of payment of such principal or interest without the consent of the holder hereof. The principal hereof may be declared or may become due and payable prior to the stated date of maturity hereof, on the conditions, in the manner and at the time set forth in the Mortgage, upon the occurrence of a completed default as in the Mortgage provided. 
 
 No reference herein to the Mortgage, and no provision of this 2032 Bond or of the Mortgage, shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay, subject to the provisions of the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, 

22 

the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on this 2032 Bonds at the place, at the respective times and at the rate and the manner herein prescribed. 
 
 This 2032 Bond is issuable only in full registered form without coupons in denominations of Two Thousand Dollars 2,000) and any larger denomination which is a whole multiple of One Thousand Dollars 1,000). 
 
 The 2032 Bonds shall be transferable by the registered holder thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized in writing, on the books of the Company at the office or agency of the Company for such purpose in the City of Chicago, Illinois, upon surrender thereof for cancellation at said office and upon presentation of a written instrument of transfer duly executed. Thereupon, the Company shall issue in the name of the transferee, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new registered 2032 Bond, in an authorized denomination, of equal principal amount. Any such transfer shall be subject to the terms and conditions specified in the Mortgage and in the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 Upon redemption of this 2032 Bond in part and surrender thereof at the office or agency of the Company for such purpose in the City of Chicago, Illinois, for exchange, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver a new registered 2032 Bond in an authorized denomination and principal amount equal to the reduced principal amount due on that series after such partial redemption. 
 
 FORM OF TRANSFER NOTICE 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 
 
 Insert Taxpayer Identification No. 
 
 Please print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee 
 ___________________________________________________________ 
 ___________________________________________________________ 
 
 the within bond and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing attorney 
 to transfer said bond on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 
 THE FOLLOWING PROVISION TO BE INCLUDED ON ALL 
 CERTIFICATES BEARING A RESTRICTED LEGEND 

23 

In connection with any transfer of this bond the undersigned confirms that such transfer is made without utilizing any general solicitation or general advertising and further as follows 

Check One 
 
 (1) This bond is being transferred to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and certification in the form of Exhibit E to the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture is being furnished herewith. 
 
 (2) This bond is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Regulation S thereunder, and certification in the form of Exhibit C to the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture is being furnished herewith. 
 or 
 (3) This bond is being transferred other than in accordance with (1) or (2) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this bond and the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 If none of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee is not obligated to register this bond in the name of any person other than the holder hereof unless and until the conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture have been satisfied. 
 
 Date ____________________________________ 
 
 Seller 
 
 By 
 
 NOTICE The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever. 

24 

Signature Guarantee 2 
 
 By 
 To be executed by an executive officer 

__________________________ 
 2 Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the transfer agent, which requirements include membership or participation in the Note Transfer Agent Medallion Program STAMP or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the transfer agent in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 END OF 2032 BOND FORM 
 
 SECTION 9. Until the 2032 Bonds in definitive form are ready for delivery, the Company may execute, and upon its request in writing the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in lieu thereof, fully registered 2032 Bonds in temporary form, as provided in Section 15 of the Original Mortgage. 
 
 SECTION 10. The covenant of the Company to make annual payments to the Trustee for a Maintenance and Improvement Fund as contained in Section 41 of the Original Mortgage and in the first twenty-four Supplemental Indentures to the Original Mortgage creating the several series of First Mortgage Bonds under such Supplemental Indentures shall not apply to nor be for the benefit of the 2032 Bonds, and the Company reserves the right, without any consent of, or other action by, the holder of the 2032 Bonds, to amend, modify or delete the provisions of the Mortgage relating to such Maintenance and Improvement Fund and by acceptance of the 2032 Bonds the holder thereof waives any right or privilege so to consent or take any other action with respect thereto. 
 
 SECTION 11. The Company covenants that, so long as any of the 2032 Bonds shall remain outstanding, it will comply with all of the provisions of Section 47 of the Original 

25 

Mortgage, including the provisions with respect to limitations on dividends and distributions and the purchase and redemption of stock. 
 
 SECTION 12. The Company shall furnish to the holders or beneficial holders of the 2032 Bonds and prospective purchasers, upon their request, the information required under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act until such time as such 2032 Bonds are no longer restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, assuming these 2032 Bonds have not been owned by the Company or an affiliate of the Company. 
 
 SECTION 13. The Trustee hereby accepts the trusts herein declared, provided and created and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein and in the Mortgage set forth and upon the following terms and conditions 
 
 The recitals contained herein and in the bonds shall be taken as the statements of the Company and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or adequacy of the security afforded hereby, or as to the validity of this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture or of the 2032 Bonds issued hereunder. 
 
 No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it has reasonable grounds for believing that the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. The Trustee shall be under no obligation to take any action or exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture unless and until such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory in form and substance to the Trustee against the costs, expenses or liabilities which might be incurred by the Trustee s compliance with such request or direction. The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereof and perform any of its duties directly or by or through attorneys or agents and shall not be answerable for the misconduct or negligence of any attorney or agent if appointed with due care. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit), irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, 

26 

strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, or other unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire or communication facility. Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee pursuant to Section 52 of the Original Mortgage is for informational purposes only and the Trustee s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on certificates of officers of the Company). 
 
 The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions Instructions given pursuant to any of the indenture documents and delivered using Electronic Means, provided, however, that the Company shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions Authorized Officers and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustee s understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and or authentication keys upon receipt by the Company The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee s reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of such Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable 

27 

degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. 
 
 SECTION 14. Whenever in this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture either of the parties hereto is named or referred to, this shall, subject to the provisions of Article XVII of the Original Mortgage, be deemed to include the successors or assigns of such party, and all the covenants and agreements in this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture contained by or on behalf of the Company, or by or on behalf of the Trustee, shall, subject as aforesaid, bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of such parties, whether so expressed or not. 
 
 SECTION 15. Nothing in this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture expressed or implied, is intended or shall be construed to confer upon, or to give to, any person, co-partnership or corporation, other than the parties hereto and the holders of the bonds outstanding under the Mortgage, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture or any covenant, condition or stipulation hereof and all the covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and agreements in this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture contained by or on behalf of the Company shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and of the holders of the bonds outstanding under the Mortgage. 
 
 SECTION 16. The Company covenants that all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Mortgage shall be applicable to the 2032 Bonds issued hereunder, except as herein otherwise provided and except insofar as the same may be inconsistent with the provisions of this Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 SECTION 17. This Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture is dated as of November 15, 2022, although executed and delivered on the date of the acknowledgement hereof by the Trustee and shall be simultaneously executed and delivered in several counterparts, and all such counterparts executed and delivered, each as an original, shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 
 SECTION 18. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MORTGAGE OR THE 2032 BONDS. 
 (signature pages to follow) 

28 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, party of the first part, has caused its corporate name to be hereunto affixed and this instrument to be signed and acknowledged by its President or a Vice-President, and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed and attested by its Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, for and on its behalf, and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., party of the second part, as Trustee, has caused its corporate name to be hereunto affixed and this instrument to be signed and acknowledged by one of its Authorized Officers, and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed and attested by one of its Authorized Officers, all as of the day, month and year first above written. 
 
 INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT 
 COMPANY 

By _________________________________________ 
 (SEAL) Ahmed Pasha, 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Attest 

By _______________________________________ 
 Brian R. Hylander, 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Signature Page to Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture 

29 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, 
 N.A., AS TRUSTEE 

By________________________________ 
 Ann M. Dolezal, 
 Authorized Officer 

Signature Page to Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture 

30 

STATE OF INDIANA )) SS 
 COUNTY OF ________________ 
 
 On this ___ day of November, in the year 2022, before me, a Notary Public in and for the County and State aforesaid, personally came Ahmed Pasha, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Indianapolis Power & Light Company, one of the corporations described in and which executed the foregoing instrument, to me personally known and known to me personally to be such Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Said Ahmed Pasha being by me duly sworn did depose and say that the said Ahmed Pasha is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of said Indianapolis Power & Light Company that he knows the corporate seal of said corporation that the seal affixed to said instrument and bearing the name of said corporation is such corporate seal that it was so affixed by order of the Board of Directors of said corporation and that he signed his name thereto by like order and he acknowledged the execution of said instrument on behalf of said corporation to be his free and voluntary act and deed and the free and voluntary act and deed of said corporation, for the uses and purposes therein set forth. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal this ___ day of November, 2022. 
 ___________________________________ 
 _____________________________ 
 Notary Public 
 My Commission Expires 
 ________________________ 
 My County of Residence is 
 ________________________ 
 (NOTARIAL SEAL) 

Signature Page to Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture 

31 
 
 STATE OF OHIO )) SS 
 COUNTY OF ________________ 
 
 On this ___ day of November, in the year 2022, before me, a Notary Public in and for the County and State aforesaid, personally came Brian R. Hylander, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Indianapolis Power & Light Company, one of the corporations described in and which executed the foregoing instrument, to me personally known and known to me personally to be such Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Said Brian R. Hylander being by me duly sworn did depose and say that the said Brian R. Hylander is Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of said Indianapolis Power & Light Company that he knows the corporate seal of said corporation that the seal affixed to said instrument and bearing the name of said corporation is such corporate seal that it was so affixed by order of the Board of Directors of said corporation and that he signed his name thereto by like order and he acknowledged the execution of said instrument on behalf of said corporation to be his free and voluntary act and deed and the free and voluntary act and deed of said corporation, for the uses and purposes therein set forth. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal this ___ day of November, 2022. 
 ___________________________________ 
 _____________________________ 
 Notary Public 
 My Commission Expires 
 _______________________ 
 My County of Residence is 
 _______________________ 
 (NOTARIAL SEAL) 

Signature Page to Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture 

32 

STATE OF ILLINOIS )) SS 
 COUNTY OF COOK 
 
 On this 16 th day of November, in the year 2022, before me, a Notary Public in and for the State aforesaid, personally came Ann M. Dolezal, Authorized Officer of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., the national banking association described in and which executed the foregoing instrument, to me personally known or on the basis of sufficient identification proved to be such Authorized Officer. Said Ann M. Dolezal, being by me sworn did depose and say that she is an Authorized Officer of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. that she signed her name thereto by authority of the Board of Directors of said national banking association and she acknowledged the execution of said instrument on behalf of said national banking association to be her free and voluntary act and deed and the free and voluntary act and deed of said national banking association, for the uses and purposes therein set forth. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal this 16 th day of November, 2022. 
 __________________________________ 
 Mietka Collins, 
 Notary Public 
 (NOTARIAL SEAL) 
 
 I affirm, under penalties of perjury, that I have taken reasonable care to redact each Social Security Number in this document, unless required by law. 
 
 s Steven W. Thornton 
 
 This instrument was prepared by 
 Steven W. Thornton, Barnes & Thornburg LLP, 
 11 South Meridian Street, Indianapolis, IN 46204 

Signature Page to Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture 

A-1 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 COMPLETE FORM I OR FORM II AS APPLICABLE. 
 FORM I 
 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 To The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., 
 as Trustee 
 2001 Bryan Street, 10 th Floor 
 Dallas, Texas 75201 
 Attention DWACs 
 Email exhibitrequests bnymellon.com 
 
 Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System OR 
 
 Clearstream Banking SA 
 
 Re Indianapolis Power & Light Company 
 First Mortgage Bonds, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 (the Bonds 
 Issued under the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture to the 
 Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of May 1, 1940 
 (as supplemented and amended) (the Mortgage 
 
 Ladies and Gentleman 
 
 We are the beneficial owner of _________ principal amount of Bonds issued under the Mortgage and represented by a Temporary Offshore Global Bond (as defined in the Mortgage). 
 
 We hereby certify as follows 
 
 CHECK A OR B AS APPLICABLE. 
 A. We are a non-U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). 
 
 B. We are a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), that purchased the Bonds in a 

A-2 
 
 transaction that did not require registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 You and the Company are entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Address 
 Date 
 
 FORM II 
 
 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 To The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., 
 as Trustee 
 2001 Bryan Street, 10 th Floor 
 Dallas, Texas 75201 
 Attention DWACs 
 Email exhibitrequests bnymellon.com 
 
 Re Indianapolis Power & Light Company 
 First Mortgage Bonds, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 (the Bonds 
 Issued under the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture to the 
 Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of May 1, 1940 
 (as supplemented and amended) (the Mortgage 

A-3 

Ladies and Gentleman 
 
 This is to certify that based solely on certifications we have received in writing, by tested telex or by electronic transmission from member organizations Member Organizations appearing in our records as persons being entitled to a portion of the principal amount of Bonds represented by a Temporary Offshore Global Bond issued under the above-referenced Mortgage, that as of the date hereof, ________ principal amount of Bonds represented by the Temporary Offshore Global Bond being submitted herewith for exchange is beneficially owned by persons that are either (i) non-U.S. persons (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or (ii) U.S. persons that purchased the Bonds in a transaction that did not require registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 We further certify that (i) we are not submitting herewith for exchange any portion of such Temporary Offshore Global Bond excepted in such Member Organization certifications and (ii) as of the date hereof we have not received any notification from any Member Organization to the effect that the statements made by such Member Organization with respect to any portion of such Temporary Offshore Global Bond submitted herewith for exchange are no longer true and cannot be relied upon as of the date hereof. 
 
 You and the Company are entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 
 
 Yours faithfully, 
 
 EUROCLEAR BANK S.A. N.V., as 
 operator of the Euroclear System 
 OR 
 CLEARSTREAM BANKING SA 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Address 
 Date 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 DTC LEGEND 
 
 UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION DTC ), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
 
 TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL BOND ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL BOND ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE MORTGAGE. 

C-1 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 REGULATION S CERTIFICATE 
 
 ______________, ____ 
 
 The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., 
 as Trustee 
 2001 Bryan Street, 10 th Floor 
 Dallas, Texas 75201 
 Attention DWACs 
 Email exhibitrequests bnymellon.com 
 
 Re Indianapolis Power & Light Company 
 First Mortgage Bonds, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 (the Bonds 
 Issued under the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture to the 
 Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of May 1, 1940 
 (as supplemented and amended) (the Mortgage 
 
 Dear Sirs 
 
 Terms are used in this Certificate as used in Regulation S Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), except as otherwise stated herein. 
 
 CHECK A OR B AS APPLICABLE. 
 A. This Certificate relates to our proposed transfer of _____ principal amount of Bonds issued under the Mortgage. We hereby certify as follows 
 
 1. The offer and sale of the Bonds was not and will not be made to a person in the United States (unless such person is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k)(2)(vi) or the account held by it for which it is acting is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k)(2)(i) under the circumstances described in Rule 902(h)(3)) and such offer and sale was no 

C-2 

and will not be specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad. 
 2. Unless the circumstances described in the parenthetical in paragraph 1 above are applicable, either (a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or we and any person acting on our behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither we nor any person acting on our behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States. 
 
 3. Neither we, any of our affiliates, nor any person acting on our or their behalf has made any directed selling efforts in the United States with respect to the Bonds. 
 
 4. The proposed transfer of Bonds is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
 5. If we are a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration in respect of the Bonds, and the proposed transfer takes place during the Restricted Period (as defined in the Mortgage), or we are an officer or director of the Company or an Initial Purchaser (as defined in the Mortgage), we certify that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions of Rule 904(b) of Regulation S. 
 
 B. This Certificate relates to our proposed exchange of ________ principal amount of Bonds issued under the Mortgage for an equal principal amount of Bonds to be held by us. We hereby certify as follows 
 
 1. At the time the offer and sale of the Bonds was made to us, either (i) we were not in the United States or (ii) we were excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k)(2)(vi) or the account held by us for which we 

C-3 

were acting was excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k)(2)(i) under the circumstances described in Rule 902(h)(3) and we were not a member of an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad. 
 
 2. Unless the circumstances described in paragraph 1(ii) above are applicable, either (a) at the time our buy order was originated, we were outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and we did not prearrange the transaction in the United States. 
 
 3. The proposed exchange of Bonds is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
 You and the Company are entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 NAME OF SELLER (FOR TRANSFERS) 
 OR OWNER (FOR EXCHANGES) 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Address 
 Date 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 RESTRICTED LEGEND 
 
 THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY ONLY (I) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (II) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT RULE 144A ), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHICH NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (III) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (IV) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (V) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (INCLUDING UNDER RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF AVAILABLE), SUBJECT TO THE COMPANY S AND THE TRUSTEE S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (III) PRIOR TO THE END OF THE 40-DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (V) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM, AND IN EACH OF THE FOREGOING CASES, A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN THE FORM APPEARING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THIS SECURITY IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY THE TRANSFEROR TO THE TRUSTEE. 

E-1 

EXHIBIT E 
 
 RULE 144A CERTIFICATE 
 
 ______________, ____ 
 The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., 
 as Trustee 
 2001 Bryan Street, 10 th Floor 
 Dallas, Texas 75201 
 Attention DWACs 
 Email exhibitrequests bnymellon.com 
 
 Re Indianapolis Power & Light Company 
 First Mortgage Bonds, 5.650 Series, Due 2032 (the Bonds 
 Issued under the Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture to the 
 Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of May 1, 1940 
 (as supplemented and amended) (the Mortgage 
 
 Ladies and Gentleman 
 
 TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (1) ABOVE IS CHECKED. 
 
 This Certificate relates to 
 
 CHECK A OR B AS APPLICABLE. 
 A. Our proposed purchase of ________ principal amount of Bonds issued under the Mortgage. 
 
 B. Our proposed exchange of ________ principal amount of Bonds issued under the Mortgage for an equal principal amount of Bonds to be held by us. 
 
 We and, if applicable, each account for which we are acting in the aggregate owned and invested more than 100,000,000 in securities of issuers that are not affiliated with us (or such accounts, if applicable), as of ___________, 20__, which is a date on or since close of our most recent fiscal year. We and, if applicable, each account for which we are acting, are a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A Rule 

E-2 

144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). If we are acting on behalf of an account, we exercise sole investment discretion with respect to such account. We are aware that the transfer of Bonds to us, or such exchange, as applicable, is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. Prior to the date of this Certificate we have received such information regarding the Company as we have requested pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) or have determined not to request such information. 
 
 You and the Company are entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 NAME OF PURCHASER (FOR 
 TRANSFERS) OR OWNER (FOR 
 EXCHANGES) 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Address 
 
 Date 

EXHIBIT F 
 
 TEMPORARY OFFSHORE DTC LEGEND 
 
 THIS BOND IS A TEMPORARY GLOBAL BOND. PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE RESTRICTED PERIOD APPLICABLE HERETO, BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN MAY NOT BE HELD BY ANY PERSON OTHER THAN (1) A NON-U.S. PERSON OR (2) A U.S. PERSON THAT PURCHASED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN ARE NOT EXCHANGEABLE FOR CERTIFICATED BONDS OTHER THAN A PERMANENT GLOBAL BOND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE MORTGAGE. TERMS IN THIS LEGEND ARE USED AS USED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 24107418.3 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a202210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Kristina Lund, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 1, 2023 s Kristina Lund 
 Kristina Lund 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a202210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Ahmed Pasha, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 1, 2023 s Ahmed Pasha 
 Ahmed Pasha 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a202210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Kristina Lund, Chief Executive Officer of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. IPALCO ), certifies that, to the best of her knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of IPALCO. 

Date March 1, 2023 s Kristina Lund 
 Kristina Lund 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to IPALCO and will be retained by IPALCO and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a202210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Ahmed Pasha, Chief Financial Officer of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. IPALCO ), certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of IPALCO. 

Date March 1, 2023 s Ahmed Pasha 
 Ahmed Pasha 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to IPALCO and will be retained by IPALCO and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ipl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ipl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ipl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ipl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ipl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

