<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_91882_0000950170-23-003304.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27427376</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>230054</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2388255</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13662722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3545517</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6901799</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003304.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221071341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003304
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DOMINION ENERGY SOUTH CAROLINA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091882
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				570248695
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03375
		FILM NUMBER:		23645246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 OTARRE PARKWAY
		CITY:			CAYCE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		803-217-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 OPERATION WAY
		STREET 2:		MAIL CODE B123
		CITY:			CAYCE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29033

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTH CAROLINA ELECTRIC & GAS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003304.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 ck0000091882-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

I.R.S. Employer 

Commission File Number 
 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 
 Identification Number 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrants telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 At February 15, 2023, Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. had shares of common stock outstanding, all of which were held by SCANA Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 DOMINION ENERGY SOUTH CAROLINA, INC. MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION I(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS FILING THIS FORM 10-K UNDER THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

1 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 

Item Number 
 Page Number 

Glossary of Terms 
 3 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 70 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 70 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 70 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 71 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 71 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 71 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 71 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 73 

2 
 
 Glossary of Terms 
 The following abbreviations or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below: 

Abbreviation or Acronym 
 
 Definition 

2017 Tax Reform Act 
 
 An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Titles II and V of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018 (previously known as The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) enacted on December 22, 2017 

ACE Rule 
 
 Affordable Clean Energy Rule 

AFUDC 
 
 Allowance for funds used during construction 

AOCI 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

ARO 
 
 Asset retirement obligation 

BACT 
 
 Best available control technology 

bcf 
 
 Billion cubic feet 

CAA 
 
 Clean Air Act 

CCR 
 
 Coal combustion residual 

CEO 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

CERCLA 
 
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, also known as Superfund 

CFO 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

CO 2 
 
 Carbon dioxide 

CUA 
 
 Capacity Use Area 

CWA 
 
 Clean Water Act 

DECG 
 
 Carolina Gas Transmission, LLC (formerly known as Dominion Energy Carolina Gas Transmission, LLC), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company effective November 2020 (previously a subsidiary of Dominion Energy) 

DES 
 
 Dominion Energy Services, Inc. 

DESC 
 
 The legal entity, Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc., one or more of its consolidated entities or operating segment, or the entirety of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. and its consolidated entities 

DESS 
 
 Dominion Energy Southeast Services, Inc. 

Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 

DOE 
 
 U.S. Department of Energy 

Dominion Energy 
 
 The legal entity, Dominion Energy, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (other than DESC) or operating segments, or the entirety of Dominion Energy, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 

Dominion Energy South Carolina 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina operating segment 

DSM 
 
 Demand-side management 

ELG Rule 
 
 Effluent limitations guidelines for the steam electric power generating category 

EMANI 
 
 European Mutual Association for Nuclear Insurance 

EPA 
 
 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 

EPACT 
 
 Energy Policy Act of 2005 

ERISA 
 
 Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 

FERC 
 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

FILOT 
 
 Fee in lieu of taxes 

Fuel Company 
 
 South Carolina Fuel Company, Inc. 

GAAP 
 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 

GENCO 
 
 South Carolina Generating Company, Inc. 

GHG 
 
 Greenhouse gas 

IRA 
 
 An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Title II of Senate Concurrent Resolution 14 of the 117th Congress (also known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) enacted on August 16, 2022 

IRS 
 
 Internal Revenue Service 

LNG 
 
 Liquefied natural gas 

MD A 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

MGD 
 
 Million gallons per day 

MW 
 
 Megawatt 

MWh 
 
 Megawatt hour 

NAV 
 
 Net asset value 

NEIL 
 
 Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited 

3 

NERC 
 
 North American Electric Reliability Corporation 

NND Project 
 
 V.C. Summer Units 2 and 3 nuclear development project under which DESC and Santee Cooper undertook to construct two Westinghouse AP1000 Advanced Passive Safety nuclear units in Jenkinsville, South Carolina 

NO X 
 
 Nitrogen oxide 

NRC 
 
 U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission 

Order 1000 
 
 Order issued by FERC adopting requirements for electric transmission planning, cost allocation and development 

ORS 
 
 South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff 

PGA 
 
 Purchased gas adjustment 

PHMSA 
 
 U.S. Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 

Price-Anderson 
 
 Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988 

PSD 
 
 Prevention of significant deterioration 

Questar Gas 
 
 Questar Gas Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy 

RICO 
 
 Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 

ROE 
 
 Return on equity 

Santee Cooper 
 
 South Carolina Public Service Authority 

SCANA 
 
 The legal entity, SCANA Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (other than DESC) or the entirety of SCANA Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 

SCANA Combination 
 
 Dominion Energy's acquisition of SCANA completed on January 1, 2019 pursuant to the terms of the SCANA Merger Agreement 

SCANA Merger Agreement 
 
 Agreement and plan of merger entered on January 2, 2018 between Dominion Energy and SCANA 

SCANA Merger Approval Order 
 
 Final order issued by the South Carolina Commission on December 21, 2018 setting forth its approval of the SCANA Combination 

SCDHEC 
 
 South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control 

SCDOR 
 
 South Carolina Department of Revenue 

Scope 1 emissions 
 
 Emissions that are produced directly by an entity s own operations 

Scope 2 emissions 
 
 Emissions from electricity a company consumes but does not generate from its own facilities 

Scope 3 emissions 
 
 Emissions generated downstream of company operations by customers and upstream by suppliers 

SEC 
 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 

SEEM 
 
 Southeast Energy Exchange Market 

SO 2 
 
 Sulfur dioxide 

South Carolina Commission 
 
 Public Service Commission of South Carolina 

Summer 
 
 V.C. Summer nuclear power station 

Toshiba 
 
 Toshiba Corporation, parent company of Westinghouse 

Toshiba Settlement 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated as of July 27, 2017, by and among Toshiba, DESC and Santee Cooper 

VIE 
 
 Variable interest entity 

Virginia Power 
 
 The legal entity, Virginia Electric and Power Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries or operating segment, or the entirety of Virginia Electric and Power Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 

WECTEC 
 
 WECTEC Global Project Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Westinghouse 

Westinghouse 
 
 Westinghouse Electric Company LLC 

WNA 
 
 Weather normalization adjustment 

4 
 
 Part I 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 GENERAL 
 DESC, a public utility headquartered in Cayce, South Carolina, is a South Carolina corporation organized in 1924. DESC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SCANA, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy. DESC conducts business under the name Dominion Energy South Carolina. At December 31, 2022, DESC had approximately 2,300 employees, of which approximately 710 were subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 DESC is engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity to approximately 782,000 customers in the central, southern and southwestern portions of South Carolina. Additionally, DESC distributes natural gas to approximately 435,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in South Carolina. DESC s business experiences seasonal fluctuations, with generally higher sales of electricity during the summer and winter months because of air conditioning and heating requirements, and generally higher sales of natural gas during the winter months due to heating requirements. 
 
 GENCO owns a coal-fired electric generating station with a 605 MW net generating capacity (summer rating). GENCO s electricity is sold exclusively to DESC, pursuant to a FERC-approved power purchase agreement and related operating agreement. The effects of these transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Fuel Company acquires, owns and provides financing for DESC's nuclear fuel, certain fossil fuels and emission and other environmental allowances. 
 COMPETITION 
 There is no competition for electric distribution or generation service within DESC's retail electric service territory in South Carolina and no such competition is currently permitted. However, competition from third-party owners for development, construction and ownership of certain transmission facilities in DESC s service territory is permitted pursuant to Order 1000, subject to state and local siting and permitting approvals. This could result in additional competition to build and own transmission infrastructure in DESC s service area in the future. 
 
 Competition in DESC s natural gas distribution operations is generally based on price and convenience. Large commercial and industrial customers often have the ability to switch from natural gas to an alternate fuel, such as propane or fuel oil. Natural gas competes with these alternate fuels based on price. As a result, any significant disparity between supply and demand, either of natural gas or of alternate fuels, and due either to production or delivery disruptions or other factors, will affect price and the ability to retain large commercial and industrial customers. 
 REGULATION 
 DESC s electric distribution service, including the rates it may charge to jurisdictional customers, is subject to regulation by the South Carolina Commission. DESC s electric generation operations are subject to regulation by the South Carolina Commission, FERC, the NRC, the EPA, the DOE, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and various other federal, state and local authorities. DESC s electric transmission service is primarily regulated by FERC and the DOE. DESC s gas distribution operations are subject to regulation by the South Carolina Commission, as well as PHMSA, the U.S. Department of Transportation and the ORS for enforcement of federal and state pipeline safety requirements in its service territories. 
 
 Electric Regulation in South Carolina 
 DESC s retail electric base rates in South Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to South Carolina statutes and the rules and procedures of the South Carolina Commission. South Carolina base rates are set by a process that allows DESC to recover its operating costs and a return on invested capital. If retail electric earnings exceed the authorized ROE established by the South Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction, which may decrease DESC s future earnings. Additionally, if the South Carolina Commission does not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, DESC s future earnings could be negatively impacted. Fuel costs are reviewed annually by the South Carolina Commission, as required by statute, and fuel rates are subject to revision in these annual fuel proceedings. DESC also submits annual filings to the South Carolina Commission for rider recovery related to its DSM programs and pension costs. The DSM rider includes recovery of any net lost revenues and for a shared savings incentive. 
 
 Pursuant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, DESC is recovering capital costs and a return on capital cost rate base related to the NND Project over a 20-year period through a capital cost rider. The capital cost rider also provides for the return to retail electric 
 5 
 
 customers of certain amounts associated with the NND Project. Revenue from the capital cost rider component of retail electric rates will continue to decline over the 20-year period as capital cost rate base is reduced. 
 
 Gas Regulation in South Carolina 
 DESC is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its natural gas distribution service by the South Carolina Commission. DESC provides retail natural gas service to customers in areas in which it has received authorization from the South Carolina Commission and in municipalities in which it holds a franchise. DESC s base rates can be adjusted annually, pursuant to the Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act, for recovery of costs related to natural gas infrastructure. Base rates are set based on the cost-of-service by rate class approved by the South Carolina Commission in the latest general rate case. Base rates for DESC are based primarily on a rate design methodology in which the majority of operating costs are recovered through volumetric charges. DESC also utilizes a weather normalization adjustment to adjust its base rates during the winter billing months for residential and commercial customers to mitigate the effects of unusually cold or warm weather. 
 
 DESC s natural gas tariffs include a purchased gas adjustment that provides for the recovery of prudently incurred gas costs, including transportation costs. DESC is authorized to adjust its purchased gas rates monthly and makes routine filings with the South Carolina Commission to provide notification of changes in these rates. Costs that are under or over recovered are deferred as regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, and considered in subsequent purchased gas adjustments. The purchased gas adjustment filings generally cover a prospective twelve-month period. Increases or decreases in purchased gas costs can result in corresponding changes in purchased gas adjustment rates and the revenue generated by those rates. The South Carolina Commission reviews DESC s gas purchasing policies and practices, including its administration of the purchased gas adjustment, annually. DESC has also received approval from the South Carolina Commission to create DSM programs for its residential and commercial natural gas customers and a rider to retail gas rates for the recovery of the associated program costs and for a shared savings incentive. DESC has also notified the South Carolina Commission that DESC would seek to recover the net lost revenues resulting from the DSM programs through its annual Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act proceeding. 
 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 Under the Federal Power Act, FERC regulates wholesale sales and transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities. DESC may make wholesale sales at market-based rates outside its balancing authority pursuant to its market-based sales tariff authorized by FERC. In addition, DESC has FERC approved tariffs to sell wholesale power at capped rates based on its embedded cost of generation. This cost-based sales tariff could be used to sell to loads within or outside DESC s service territory. Any such sales are voluntary. FERC also regulates the issuance of certain securities by DESC. 
 
 DESC is subject to FERC s Standards of Conduct that govern conduct between transmission function employees of interstate gas and electric transmission providers and the marketing function employees of its affiliates. The rule defines the scope of transmission and marketing-related functions that are covered by the standards and is designed to prevent transmission providers from giving affiliates undue preferences. 
 
 DESC is also subject to FERC s affiliate restrictions that (1) prohibit power sales between nonregulated plants and utility plants without first receiving FERC authorization, (2) require the nonregulated and utility plants to conduct their wholesale power sales operations separately, and (3) prohibit utilities from sharing market information with nonregulated plant operating personnel. The rules are designed to prohibit utilities from giving the nonregulated plants a competitive advantage. 
 
 EPACT included provisions to create an Electric Reliability Organization, which is required to promulgate mandatory reliability standards governing the operation of the bulk power system in the U.S. FERC has certified NERC as the Electric Reliability Organization and also issued an initial order approving many reliability standards that went into effect in 2007. Entities that violate standards will be subject to fines of up to 1.5 million per day, per violation and can also be assessed non-monetary penalties, depending upon the nature and severity of the violation. 
 
 In October 2011, FERC issued an order approving the settlement of DESC s formula rate that updates transmission rates on an annual basis, including its ROE. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected revenue requirement for the calendar year and is updated annually based on actual costs. This FERC accepted formula rate enables DESC to earn a return on its investment in electric transmission infrastructure. 
 
 In February 2021, DESC and the other members of the SEEM submitted the Southeast Energy Exchange Market Agreement to FERC for authorization. This agreement sets forth the framework and rules for establishing and maintaining a new electronic trading platform designed to enhance the existing bilateral market in the Southeast utilizing zero-charge transmission service. That transmission service, in turn, will be voluntarily provided by participating transmission service providers, including DESC. In October 
 6 
 
 2021, the Southeast Energy Exchange Market Agreement became effective by operation of law as a result of a split FERC vote. The SEEM platform became operational in November 2022. 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 DESC files its annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. Its SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 
 DESC makes its SEC filings, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, available, free of charge through Dominion Energy s website, http://www.dominionenergy.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. Information contained on Dominion Energy s website is not incorporated by reference in this report. 
 
 7 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 DESC s business is influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond its control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD A. Dominion Energy has commenced a comprehensive business review as announced in November 2022. The outcomes of the business review and the implementation of the resulting strategic plans or initiatives may be subject to various risks and uncertainties (some of which may include the risks and uncertainties discussed below or other risks and uncertainties that cannot yet be determined) that could have a material impact on DESC s future results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. 
 Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks 
 The rates that DESC can charge are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by DESC s operations is based primarily on rates approved by state regulatory agencies. The profitability of DESC s business is dependent on its ability, through the rates that it is permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on its capital investment. 
 DESC s retail electric base rates for services to customers in South Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to South Carolina statutes and the rules and procedures of the South Carolina Commission. South Carolina base rates are set by a process that allows DESC to recover its operating costs and return on invested capital. If retail electric earnings exceed the returns established by the South Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the South Carolina Commission, which may decrease DESC s future earnings. If the South Carolina Commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, DESC s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, the South Carolina Commission may impose a moratorium on increases to retail base rates for a specified period of time, which could delay recovery of costs incurred in providing service. Additionally, governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy groups may challenge the regulatory reviews or proceedings referred to above. Such challenges may lengthen the time, complexity and costs associated with such regulatory reviews or proceedings. 
 DESC is subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect its results of operations and subject DESC to monetary penalties. DESC s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services it offers, its relationships with affiliates, protection of its critical electric infrastructure assets and pipeline safety, among other matters. These operations are also subject to legislation and associated regulation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. DESC must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. DESC s business is subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if DESC is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense. Recent legislative and regulatory changes that are impacting DESC include the IRA and 2017 Tax Reform Act. 
 DESC has been and may continue to be or become subject to legal proceedings and governmental investigations and examinations. DESC may from time to time be subject to various legal proceedings and governmental investigations and examinations. For example, DESC has been subject to numerous federal and state legal proceedings and governmental investigations relating to the decision of SCANA and DESC to abandon construction at the NND Project. DESC has spent substantial amounts of time and money defending these lawsuits and proceedings and on related investigations. In addition, juries have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards in certain cases, including personal injury claims. Accordingly, actual costs incurred may differ materially from insured or reserved amounts and may not be recoverable, in whole or in part, by insurance or in rates from our customers. The outcome of these legal proceedings, investigations and examinations, including settlements, may adversely affect DESC s financial condition or results of operation. 
 Environmental Risks 
 DESC s operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs on DESC. DESC s operations and construction activities are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires DESC to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. 
 8 
 
 Additionally, DESC could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where it has been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and DESC expects that they will remain significant in the future. As a result of these requirements, certain facilities may become uneconomical to operate and may need to be shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. 
 We expect that existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted including regulation of GHG emissions which could have an impact on DESC s business (risks relating to regulation of GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed in more detail below). In addition, further regulation of air quality and GHG emissions under the CAA have been imposed on the natural gas sector. DESC is also subject to federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, wastewater discharges from steam electric generating stations, management and disposal of hydraulic fracturing fluids and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. 
 Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if material, could make DESC s facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect DESC s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 
 Compliance with federal and/or state requirements imposing limitations on GHG emissions or efficiency improvements, as well as Dominion Energy s commitment to achieve net zero carbon and methane emissions by 2050, may result in significant compliance costs, could result in certain of DESC s electric generation units or natural gas facilities being uneconomical to maintain or operate and may depend upon technological advancements which may be beyond DESC s control. In February 2020, Dominion Energy announced its commitment to achieve net zero carbon and methane Scope 1 emissions by 2050. In February 2022, Dominion Energy expanded this commitment to cover Scope 2 emissions and material categories of Scope 3 emissions. To help Dominion Energy meet this commitment, DESC may need to construct new electric generation facilities, including renewable facilities such as solar. DESC will also need to depend on technological improvements not currently in commercial development. Additionally, actions taken in furtherance of Dominion Energy s net zero commitment may impact existing generation facilities, including as a result of fuel switching and/or the retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and their potential replacement with lower-emitting generation facilities. Further, the ability to realize this commitment may require DESC to be able to obtain significant financing. The federal government or South Carolina may also enact legislation or regulations relating to climate change matters such as the reduction of GHG emissions and renewable energy portfolio standards, similar to the Virginia Clean Economy Act of 2020. 
 There are also potential impacts on DESC s natural gas businesses from Dominion Energy s net zero emissions commitment as well as federal or state GHG regulations which may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector which, in addition to resulting in increased costs, could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products, which could impact the natural gas businesses. 
 These efforts will require regulatory approvals for the siting and construction of such new facilities and a determination by the South Carolina Commission that costs related to the construction are prudent. Given these and other uncertainties associated with the implementation of Dominion Energy s net zero commitment, DESC cannot estimate the aggregate effect of future actions taken in furtherance of this commitment on its results of operations or financial condition or on its customers. However, such actions could render additional existing generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect DESC s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 
 Construction Risks 
 DESC s infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. DESC may not complete facility construction, electric transmission line, conversion or other infrastructure projects that it commences, or it may complete projects on materially different terms, costs or timing than initially estimated or anticipated, and it may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. Commencing construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals could include mitigation costs which may be material to DESC. Projects may not be able to be completed on time or in accordance with our estimated costs as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, concerns raised during stakeholder engagement, a decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, inflation, or other factors beyond DESC s control. Even if facility construction, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of DESC following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. Start-up and operational issues can arise in connection with the commencement of commercial 
 9 
 
 operations at our facilities. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, DESC may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into its operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect DESC s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects. 
 Operational Risks 
 DESC s financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for DESC s services. For example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas distribution services. In addition, severe weather or acts of nature, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of DESC s facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of DESC s power stations. Furthermore, DESC s operations could be adversely affected and its physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. Due to the location of DESC s electric utility service territories which are frequently in the path of hurricanes, we experience the consequences of these weather events to a greater degree than many of our industry peers. 
 Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair DESC s operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of DESC and otherwise have an adverse effect on DESC s business. DESC owns assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. Further, the computer systems that run DESC s facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. There appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view DESC s computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. For example, malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. In addition, DESC s business requires that it and its vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. 
 A successful cyber attack through third-party or insider action on the systems that control DESC s electric generation and electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing DESC from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect DESC s ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to DESC s reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data at DESC or one of its vendors could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. If a significant breach were to occur, the reputation of DESC also could be adversely affected. While DESC maintains property and casualty insurance, along with other contractual provisions, that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents, all damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect DESC s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 DESC s operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect DESC. Operation of DESC s facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, changes to the environment and performance below expected levels. DESC s business is dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Because DESC s transmission facilities, pipelines and other facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of its facilities and pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 
 Operation of DESC s facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of DESC s facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of DESC s business. Unplanned outages typically increase DESC s operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce its revenue as a result of selling less output or may require DESC to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to 
 10 
 
 satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if DESC is unable to perform its contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result. 
 In addition, there are many risks associated with DESC s operations and the transportation, storage and distribution of natural gas, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party equipment with pipelines and avian and other wildlife impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or business interruptions and associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. Further, the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation, transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. 
 DESC s financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. Likewise, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering actions which could limit the use or installation of new natural gas appliances. Consumer demand for our services may also be impacted by any price increases, including those driven from factors beyond our control such as inflation or increased prices in natural gas. Further, DESC s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. However, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines, battery storage and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services. The widescale implementation of alternative generation methods could negatively impact the reliability of DESC s electric grid and/or result in significant costs to enhance the grid. DESC has an exclusive franchise to serve retail electric customers in its South Carolina service territory. If regulatory conditions change, DESC s exclusive franchise may erode. 
 Reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation, regional economic conditions, or the impact of additional compliance obligations, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of DESC s business activities. 
 DESC may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity or the inability of Dominion Energy to meet its stated commitments. From time to time, political and public sentiment may result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting DESC. Additionally, any failure by Dominion Energy to realize its commitments to achieve net zero carbon and methane emissions by 2050, increase workforce diversity, enhance the customer experience or other long-term goals could lead to adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting DESC. The ability to comply with some or all of Dominion Energy s voluntary commitments may be outside of DESC s control. For example, Dominion Energy is dependent on the actions of third parties to meet the expanded commitment regarding Scope 2 emissions and Scope 3 emissions. If downstream customers or upstream suppliers do not sufficiently reduce their GHG emissions, Dominion Energy may not achieve its net zero emissions goal. Adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims as well as adverse outcomes. 
 Addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of DESC, on the morale and performance of its employees and on its relationships with its regulators, customers and commercial counterparties. It may also have a negative impact on DESC s ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. The direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on DESC s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 War, acts and threats of terrorism, intentional acts and other significant events could adversely affect DESC s operations. DESC cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks or retaliatory military or other action may have on the energy industry in general or on DESC s business in particular. Any such future attacks or retaliatory action may adversely affect DESC s operations in a variety of ways, including by disrupting the power, fuel and other markets in which DESC operates or requiring the implementation of additional, more costly security guidelines and measures. DESC s infrastructure facilities, including nuclear facilities and projects under construction, could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror or other physical attack. Any physical compromise of DESC s facilities could adversely affect DESC s ability to generate, purchase, transmit or distribute electricity, store, transmit or distribute natural gas, store liquefied natural gas or otherwise operate its facilities in the most efficient manner or at all. For example, in December 2022 electric utilities in North Carolina and Washington experienced physical attacks on substations with the damage causing power outages. In addition, the amount and scope of insurance coverage maintained against losses resulting from any such attack may not be sufficient to cover such losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any business disruptions that could result. 
 11 
 
 Instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, intentional acts, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and/or increase the cost or limit the availability of insurance or adversely impact DESC s ability to access capital on acceptable terms. 
 Failure to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on DESC s operations. DESC s business strategy is dependent on its ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. DESC s key executive officers are the CEO, CFO and president and those responsible for financial, operational, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax, information technology and cybersecurity functions. Competition for skilled management employees in these areas of DESC s business operations is high. Certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the length of time required for skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate DESC s business. In addition, certain specialized knowledge is required of DESC s technical employees for construction and operation of transmission, generation and distribution assets. DESC s inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect its business and future operating results. 
 Nuclear Generation Risks 
 DESC has a substantial ownership interest in and operates a nuclear generating unit; as a result, DESC may incur substantial costs and liabilities. DESC s nuclear facility is subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. DESC maintains a decommissioning trust and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trust and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If DESC s decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and it is not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance or regulatory mechanisms, its results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 DESC s nuclear facility is also subject to complex government regulation which could negatively impact its results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require DESC to make substantial expenditures at its nuclear plant. In addition, although DESC has no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at its plant, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect its results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, could cause the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units. 
 Financial, Economic and Market Risks 
 Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect DESC s growth and business strategy. In order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, DESC may find it necessary to take steps or change its business plans in ways that may adversely affect its growth and earnings. A reduction in DESC s credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require DESC to post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 
 An inability to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, or at all, could have an adverse effect on DESC s operations and ability to generate cash flow. DESC is dependent on certain financing arrangements with Dominion Energy for any borrowings necessary to meet its working capital and other financial needs. If Dominion Energy s funding resources were to become unavailable to Dominion Energy, including as a result of any potential adverse conditions arising from or in connection with Dominion Energy s comprehensive business review announced in 2022, DESC s access to funding would also be in jeopardy. In the future, an inability to obtain additional financing from other sources on acceptable terms could negatively affect its financial condition, cash flows, anticipated financial results or impair its ability to generate additional cash flows. The ability to obtain bank financing or to access the capital markets for future debt offerings may be limited by the financial condition of DESC at the time of any such financing or offering or other debt agreements in place at the time, adverse market conditions or other contingencies and uncertainties that are beyond our control. 
 12 
 
 DESC also relies on a credit facility with banks to meet short-term funding needs. Banks may be unable or unwilling to extend credit in the future. From time to time, DESC may use interest-rate derivatives to fix the rate on a portion of its variable-rate debt. A downgrade of credit ratings could increase the interest cost of debt and decrease future availability of capital from banks and other sources. While management believes it is important to maintain investment-grade credit ratings to conduct DESC s businesses, DESC may not be able to keep investment-grade ratings. 
 Market performance, interest rates and other changes may decrease the value of DESC s decommissioning trust fund and benefit plan assets or increase DESC s liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. The performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission DESC s nuclear plant and under DESC s pension plan. DESC has significant obligations in these areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. 
 With respect to the decommissioning trust fund, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission DESC s nuclear plant or require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 
 A decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under DESC s pension plan may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates will affect the liabilities under DESC s pension plan; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension plan. 
 If the decommissioning trust fund and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors, DESC s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected. 
 The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. DESC may use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards and options, to manage financial market risks. DESC could be required to provide cash collateral or recognize financial losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities and financial contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The Commodity Exchange Act, as amended by Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, requires certain over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, may elect the end-user exception to the Commodity Exchange Act s clearing requirements. DESC has elected to exempt its swaps from the Commodity Exchange Act s clearing requirements. If, as a result of changes to the rulemaking process, DESC s derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, DESC could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. In addition, DESC s swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with changes to or the elimination of rulemaking that implements Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect DESC s financial results of operations. DESC is exposed to credit risks of its counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. Counterparties could fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Defaults or failure to perform by customers, suppliers, contractors, joint venture partners, financial institutions or other third parties may adversely affect DESC s financial results. 
 Public health crises and epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19, could adversely affect DESC s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or cash flows. The effects of the continued outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and related government responses could include extended disruptions to supply chains and capital markets, reduced labor availability and productivity and a prolonged reduction in economic activity. The effects could also have a variety of adverse impacts on DESC, including reduced demand for energy, particularly from commercial and industrial customers, impairment of long-lived assets and diminished ability of Dominion Energy or DESC to access funds from financial institutions and capital markets. There remains uncertainty regarding the extent and duration of measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns. Such restrictions may cause operational interruptions and delays in construction projects which could delay the expected in-service dates of these projects. For the duration of the outbreak of COVID-19, voluntary suspension, or potential legislative or government action, such as legislation similar to that enacted in Virginia in November 2020, may limit DESC s ability to collect on overdue accounts or disconnect services for non-payment, which may cause a decrease in DESC s results of operations and cash flows. 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 DESC has approximately 3,900 miles and 18,800 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines, respectively, exclusive of service level lines, in South Carolina. The grants for most of DESC s electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but underlying property titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked. In addition, DESC owns 459 substations. 
 
 DESC s natural gas system includes approximately 19,100 miles of distribution mains and related service facilities, which are supported by approximately 400 miles of transmission pipeline. 
 
 DESC owns two LNG facilities, one located near Charleston, South Carolina, and the other in Salley, South Carolina. The Charleston facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 1.0 bcf of natural gas, can regasify approximately 6 of its storage capacity per day and can liquefy less than 1 of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 0.9 bcf of natural gas and can regasify approximately 10 of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility has no liquefying capabilities. 
 
 DESC s bond indenture, which secures its first mortgage bonds, constitutes a direct mortgage lien on substantially all of its electric utility property. 
 
 The following table lists DESC s generating units and capability as of December 31, 2022. 

Plant 
 
 Location 
 
 Net Summer Capability (MW) 

Percentage Net Summer Capability 

Gas 

Jasper (CC) (1) 
 
 Hardeeville, SC 

903 

Columbia Energy Center (CC) (1) 
 
 Gaston, SC 

519 

Urquhart (CC) (1) 
 
 Beech Island, SC 

458 

McMeekin 
 
 Irmo, SC 

250 

Hagood (CT) (1) 
 
 Charleston, SC 

126 

Urquhart Unit 3 
 
 Beech Island, SC 

95 

Urquhart (CT) (1) 
 
 Beech Island, SC 

87 

Parr (CT) (1)(2) 
 
 Jenkinsville, SC 

47 

Coit (CT) (1)(2) 
 
 Columbia, SC 

26 

Total Gas 

2,511 

38 

Coal 

Wateree 
 
 Eastover, SC 

684 

Williams 
 
 Goose Creek, SC 

605 

Cope (3) 
 
 Cope, SC 

415 

Total Coal 

1,704 

26 

Hydro 

Fairfield 
 
 Jenkinsville, SC 

576 

Saluda 
 
 Irmo, SC 

198 

Other 
 
 Various 

18 

Total Hydro 

792 

12 

Nuclear 

Summer 
 
 Jenkinsville, SC 

651 
 
 (4) 

10 

5,658 

Power Purchase Agreements 

973 
 
 (5) 

14 

Total Utility Generation 

6,631 

100 

Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle. 
 (1) Capable of burning fuel oil as a secondary source. 

(2) Expected to be retired by the end of 2025. 

(3) Capable of burning natural gas as a secondary source. 

14 
 
 (4) Excludes 33.3 undivided interest owned by Santee Cooper. 

(5) Includes 189 MW from agreements with certain solar facilities within Dominion Energy. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, DESC is party to various legal, environmental or other regulatory proceedings, including in the ordinary course of business. SEC regulations require disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that DESC reasonably believes will exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to the SEC regulations, DESC uses a threshold of 1 million for such proceedings. See Notes 3 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference, for discussion of certain legal, environmental and other regulatory proceedings to which DESC is a party. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 15 
 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 There is no established public trading market for DESC s common stock, all of which is owned by SCANA. DESC may pay cash dividends in 2023 but is neither required to nor restricted, except as described in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, from making such payments. 
 Item 6. [Re ser ved] 
 16 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 MD A discusses DESC s results of operations and general financial condition. MD A should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business and the Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. DESC meets the conditions to file under the reduced disclosure format, and therefore has omitted certain sections of MD A. 
 CONTENTS OF MD A 
 MD A consists of the following information: 
 Forward-Looking Statements 

Results of Operations 

Analysis of Operations 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains statements concerning DESC s expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are forward-looking statements. In most cases, the reader can identify these forward-looking statements by such words as anticipate, estimate, forecast, expect, believe, should, could, plan, may, continue, target or other similar words. 
 DESC makes forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking statements themselves. Additionally, other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement. These factors include but are not limited to: 
 Unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices; 

Extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding, climate changes and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities; 

The impact of extraordinary external events, such as the current pandemic health event resulting from COVID-19, and their collateral consequences, including extended disruption of economic activity in our markets and global supply chains; 

Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments, including changes in or interpretations of federal and state tax laws and regulations; 

The direct and indirect impacts of Dominion Energy implementing recommendations resulting from its business review announced in November 2022; 

Risks of operating businesses in regulated industries that are subject to changing regulatory structures; 

Changes to regulated rates collected; 

Changes in future levels of domestic and international natural gas production, supply or consumption; 

Timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for planned construction or growth projects and compliance with conditions associated with such regulatory approvals; 

The inability to complete planned construction, conversion or growth projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the terms and time frames initially anticipated, including as a result of increased public involvement, intervention or litigation in such projects; 

Changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, the tightening of emission or discharge limits for GHGs and other substances, more extensive permitting requirements and the regulation of additional substances; 

Cost of environmental strategy and compliance, including those costs related to climate change; 

Changes in implementation and enforcement practices of regulators relating to environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities; 

17 
 
 Difficulty in anticipating mitigation requirements associated with environmental and other regulatory approvals or related appeals; 

The impact of operational hazards, including adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or failure, operator error, and other catastrophic events; 

Risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities; 

Changes in operating, maintenance and construction costs; 

Domestic terrorism and other threats to DESC s physical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity; 

Additional competition from the development and deployment of alternative energy sources, such as self-generation and distributed generation technologies; 

Competition in the development, construction and ownership of certain electric transmission facilities in connection with Order 1000; 

Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies; 

Changes in demand for services, including industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in service areas, changes in supplies of natural gas delivered, changes in customer growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy conservation programs, the availability of energy efficient devices and the use of distributed generation methods; 

Adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceedings, including matters related to the NND Project; 

Counterparty credit and performance risk; 

Fluctuations in the value of investments held in nuclear decommissioning and benefit plan trusts; 

Fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on DESC s liquidity position and the underlying value of its assets; 

Fluctuations in interest rates; 

Changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital; 

Global capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms; 

Political and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation; 

Employee workforce factors including collective bargaining agreements and labor negotiations with union employees; and 

Changes in financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies imposed by governing bodies. 

Additionally, other risks that could cause actual results to differ from predicted results are set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 DESC s forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. DESC cautions the reader not to place undue reliance on its forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. DESC undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Presented below is a summary of DESC s results: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

(millions) 

Net income 

503 

274 

229 

18 
 
 Overview 
 2022 VS. 2021 
 Net income increased 274 million, primarily due to the absence of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case and a decrease in charges associated with litigation. 
 Analysis of Consolidated Operations 
 Presented below are selected amounts related to DESC s results of operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

Change 

2021 

(millions) 

Operating revenues 

3,783 

637 

3,146 

Fuel used in electric generation 

1,000 

354 

646 

Purchased power 

137 

21 

116 

Gas purchased for resale 

433 

148 

285 

Other operations and maintenance 

624 

18 

606 

Impairment of assets and other charges 

6 

(314) 

320 

Depreciation and amortization 

507 

21 

486 

Other taxes 

277 

22 

255 

Other income (expense), net 

55 

57 

(2) 

Interest charges 

220 

28 

192 

Income tax expense 

131 

122 

9 

An analysis of DESC s results of operations follows: 
 2022 VS. 2021 
 Operating revenue increased 20 , primarily reflecting: 
 A 514 million increase in fuel-related revenue as a result of an increase in commodity costs and purchased power costs associated with sales to electric utility customers 366 million) and gas utility customers 148 million); 

A 28 million increase in sales to utility retail customers associated with growth at electric 20 million) and gas 8 million) operations; 

A 28 million increase in sales to electric utility retail customers from an increase in cooling degree days during the cooling season 23 million) and an increase in heating degree days during the heating season 5 million); 

A 23 million increase in sales to electric utility retail customers associated with economic and other usage factors; 

A 20 million increase in non-fuel base rates associated with the settlement in 2021 of the South Carolina electric base rate case; 

A 19 million increase from electric utility customers who previously elected to pay market-based or other negotiated rates; 

A 15 million increase in the fuel cost component of off-system sales; and 

A 9 million increase associated with increased infrastructure cost recovery under the Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act; partially offset by 

A 14 million decrease in sales to electric retail customers from the capital cost rider. 

Fuel used in electric generation increased 55 , primarily due to increased fuel costs associated with electric utility customers 338 million) and an increase in fuel costs associated with off-system sales 15 million), which are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income. 
 Purchased power increased 18 , primarily due to an increase in costs associated with electric utility customers, which are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income. 
 Gas purchased for resale increased 52 , primarily due to an increase in costs associated with gas utility customers, which are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income. 
 19 
 
 Other operations and maintenance increased 3 , primarily due to an increase in materials and supplies expense primarily as a result of higher prices 12 million) and an increase in salaries, wages and benefits and administrative expenses 11 million). 
 Impairment of assets and other charges decreased 98 , primarily due to the absence of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case 249 million) and a decrease in charges associated with litigation 67 million). 
 Other income, net increased 57 million, primarily due to a gain on the transfer of certain non-utility and utility property 22 million), the absence of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case 18 million) and a gain on the sale of certain utility property 20 million), partially offset by the absence of a benefit from the reversal of penalty expense associated with the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions 7 million). 
 Interest charges increased 15 , primarily due to the absence of a benefit associated with the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions 28 million), increased interest on intercompany borrowings and commercial paper borrowings due to higher interest rates 16 million) and higher interest from net debt issuances in 2021 8 million), partially offset by the absence of amortization on losses of reacquired debt associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case 11 million). 
 Income tax expense increased 122 million, primarily due to higher pre-tax income 83 million) and the absence of a prior year benefit associated with the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions 38 million). 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qual itative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The matters discussed in this Item may contain forward-looking statements as described in the introductory paragraphs of Item 7. MD A. The reader s attention is directed to those paragraphs and Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of various risks and uncertainties that may impact DESC. 
 MARKET RISK SENSITIVE INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
 DESC s financial instruments, commodity contracts and related financial derivative instruments are exposed to potential losses due to adverse changes in interest rates and commodity prices as described below. Interest rate risk is generally related to DESC s outstanding debt and future issuances of debt. In addition, DESC is exposed to investment price risk through various portfolios of equity and debt securities. 
 The following sensitivity analysis estimates the potential loss of future earnings or fair value from market risk sensitive instruments over a selected time period due to a 10 change in interest rates. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 To manage price risk, DESC holds commodity-based derivative instruments held for non-trading purposes associated with the purchases of electricity. 
 The derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are executed within established policies and procedures and include instruments such as physical forwards that are sensitive to changes in the related commodity prices. For sensitivity analysis purposes, the hypothetical change in market prices of commodity-based derivative instruments is determined based on models that consider the market prices of commodities in future periods, as well as the time value factors of the derivative instruments. Prices are principally determined based on observable market prices. 
 A hypothetical 10 decrease in commodity prices would have resulted in a decrease of 83 million and 85 million in the fair value of DESC s commodity-based derivative instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The impact of a change in energy commodity prices on DESC s commodity-based derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 DESC manages its interest rate risk exposure predominantly by maintaining a balance of fixed and variable rate debt. For variable rate debt outstanding for DESC, a hypothetical 10 increase in market interest rates would result in a 5 million and less than 1 million decrease in earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 DESC also uses interest rate derivatives, including forward-starting swaps and interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk. DESC had 71 million in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. A hypothetical 10 decrease in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of 3 million in the fair value of DESC s interest rate derivatives at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The impact of a change in interest rates on DESC s interest rate-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/or losses from interest rate derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction. 
 Investment Price Risk 
 DESC is subject to investment price risk due to securities held as investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds which primarily hold insurance contracts that are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. 
 DESC recognized net investment gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning trust investments of 33 million and 18 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 DESC participates in the SCANA sponsored pension plan that holds investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments. DESC s pension plan assets experienced aggregate actual returns (losses) of (161) million and 62 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, 
 21 
 
 versus expected returns of 49 million and 48 million, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are accumulated and amortized during future periods. As such, any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash to be contributed to the employee benefit plans. A hypothetical 0.25 decrease in the assumed long-term rates of return on DESC s plan assets would result in an increase in the following year's net periodic cost of 1 million and 2 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, for pension benefits. 
 Risk Management Policies 
 DESC has established operating procedures with corporate management to ensure that proper internal controls are maintained. In addition, Dominion Energy has established an independent function at the corporate level to monitor compliance with the credit and commodity risk management policies of all subsidiaries, including DESC. Dominion Energy maintains credit policies that include the evaluation of a prospective counterparty s financial condition, collateral requirements where deemed necessary and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty. In addition, Dominion Energy also monitors the financial condition of existing counterparties on an ongoing basis. Based on these credit policies and DESC s December 31, 2022 provision for credit losses, management believes that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on DESC s financial position, results of operations or cash flows would occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance. 
 22 
 
 Item 8. Fina ncial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 

Page Number 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 24 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 26 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 28 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 29 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Equity at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended 
 30 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 31 

23 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. (an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy, Inc.) and affiliates DESC at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in common equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of DESC at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of DESC's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on DESC's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to DESC in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. DESC is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of DESC s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities Impact of Rate Regulation on the Consolidated Financial Statements Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 DESC, through its regulated electric and gas operations, is subject to rate regulation by the Public Service Commission of South Carolina (the South Carolina Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC ), which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of utility companies in the territory DESC serves. Management has determined DESC meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to apply the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures such as utility plant, net; regulatory assets; regulatory liabilities; operating revenue; fuel used in electric generation; gas purchased for resale; other operations and maintenance expense; impairment of assets and other charges; and depreciation and amortization, collectively, the financial statement impacts of rate regulation . 
 
 The accounting for DESC s regulated gas and regulated electric operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that DESC is required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. For regulated businesses subject to 
 24 
 
 federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. 
 
 DESC evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses. These analyses are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and judicial actions; past experience; and discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. 
 
 Generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator. If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. A regulatory liability, if considered probable, will be recorded in the period such assessment is made or reversed into earnings if no longer probable. 
 
 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. Management judgments include assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. Given management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the South Carolina Commission, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of the accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the assessment of whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory assets through future rates, and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the initial recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may impact the assessment of whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable. 

We evaluated DESC s disclosures related to the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

We read and evaluated orders issued by the South Carolina Commission, as well as relevant regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by interveners, existing laws and other publicly available information to assess whether this external information was properly considered by management in concluding upon the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

We considered the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers based on precedents established by the South Carolina Commission s previous orders and DESC s past experience with the South Carolina Commission. 

For regulatory matters in process, we inspected associated documents and testimony filed with the South Carolina Commission for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions . 

We read and analyzed the minutes of the Board of Directors of Dominion Energy, Inc. and the Board of Directors of DESC, for discussions of changes in legal, regulatory, or business factors which could impact management s conclusions with respect to the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 

/s/ 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 We have served as DESC s auditor since 1945. 
 25 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 

At December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

(millions) 

ASSETS 

Utility plant in service 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Construction work in progress 

Nuclear fuel, net of accumulated amortization 

Utility plant, net and related to VIEs) 

Nonutility Property and Investments: 

Nonutility property, net of accumulated depreciation 

Assets held in trust, nuclear decommissioning 

Nonutility property and investments, net 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables: 

Customer, net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of at both periods 

Affiliated and related party 

Other 

Inventories (at average cost): 

Fuel 

Gas storage 

Materials and supplies 

Prepayments 

Regulatory assets 

Other current assets (1) 

Current assets held for sale 

Total current assets and related to VIEs) 

Deferred Debits and Other Assets: 

Regulatory assets 

Affiliated receivables 

Other (1) 

Total deferred debits and other assets and related to VIEs) 

Total assets 

(1) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 26 

At December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

(millions) 

CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES 

Common Stock - par value, million shares outstanding 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total common equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity 

Long-term debt, net 

Affiliated long-term debt 

Finance leases 

Total long-term debt 

Total capitalization 

Current Liabilities: 

Short-term borrowings 

Securities due within one year 

Accounts payable 

Affiliated and related party payables 

Customer deposits and customer prepayments 

Taxes accrued 

Interest accrued 

Regulatory liabilities 

Reserves for litigation and regulatory proceedings 

Other 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities: 

Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

Asset retirement obligations 

Pension and other postretirement benefits 

Regulatory liabilities 

Affiliated liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred credits and other liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 12) 

Total capitalization and liabilities 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 27 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Operating Revenue (1) 

Operating Expenses: 

Fuel used in electric generation (1) 

Purchased power (1) 

Gas purchased for resale (1) 

Other operations and maintenance 

Other operations and maintenance affiliated suppliers 

Impairment of assets and other charges 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other taxes (1) 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Interest charges, net of AFUDC of , and (1) 

Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net Income 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): 

Deferred cost of employee benefit plans, net of tax of , and 

() 

Total Comprehensive Income 

Comprehensive Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 

Comprehensive Income Available to Common Shareholder 

(1) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 28 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(millions) 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Impairment of assets and other charges 

() 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of nuclear fuel 

Other adjustments 

() 

Changes in certain assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

() 

() 

() 

Receivables affiliated and related party 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepayments 

() 

Regulatory assets 

() 

() 

Regulatory liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accounts payable affiliated and related party 

() 

Interest accrued 

() 

Taxes accrued 

() 

Pension and other postretirement benefits 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Property additions and construction expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from investments and sales or disposals of assets 

() 

() 

Purchase of investments 

() 

() 

Purchase of investments affiliated 

() 

Short-term investments affiliated 

Investment in affiliate, net 

() 

Other 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

Dividend to parent 

() 

() 

() 

Short-term borrowings, net 

Short-term borrowings affiliated, net 

() 

Return of capital to parent 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash and equivalents 

() 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash for: 

Interest paid (net of capitalized interest of , and 

Income taxes paid 

Income taxes received 

Noncash investing and financing activities: (1) 

Accrued construction expenditures 

Leases (2) 

Contributed capital 

(1) 

(2) million of financing leases entered into during the year ended December 31, 2020, and million of operating leases entered into during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 29 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Equity 

Common Stock 

(millions) 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

Retained Earnings 

AOCI 

Non- controlling Interest 

Total Equity 

December 31, 2019 

() 

Total comprehensive income available to common shareholder 

Capital contribution from parent 

Dividend to parent 

() 

() 

December 31, 2020 

() 

Total comprehensive income available to common shareholder 

Capital contribution from parent 

Return of capital to parent 

() 

() 

Dividend to parent 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

() 

Total comprehensive income available to common shareholder 

() 

Capital contribution from parent 

Dividend to parent 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2022 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 30 
 
 Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 primary operating segment: Dominion Energy South Carolina. It also reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segment that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment s performance or in allocating resources. 

 MW net generating capacity (summer rating). GENCO s electricity is sold exclusively to DESC, pursuant to a FERC approved power purchase agreement and related operating agreement. The effects of these transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Fuel Company acquires, owns and provides financing for DESC's nuclear fuel, certain fossil fuels and emission and other environmental allowances. See also Note 6. Additionally, effective January 2021, DESC purchases shared services from DES, an affiliated VIE that provides accounting, legal, finance and certain administrative and technical services to all Dominion Energy subsidiaries, including DESC. DESC previously purchased such services from DESS, an affiliated VIE, that had provided such services to all SCANA subsidiaries. DESC has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of DES as it does not have either the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact its economic performance or an obligation to absorb losses and benefits which could be significant to it. See Note 16 for amounts attributable to affiliates. DESC reports certain contracts and instruments at fair value. See below and Note 9 for further information on fair value measurements. DESC maintains pension and other postretirement benefit plans. See Note 11 for further information on these plans. Certain amounts in the 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes have been reclassified to conform to the 2022 presentation for comparative purposes; however, such reclassifications did not affect DESC s net income, total assets, liabilities, equity or cash flows. Effective in 2021, DESC updated its Statements of Cash Flows to present net charges for allowance for credit risk and write-offs of accounts receivables within other adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities from the previous presentation within changes in accounts receivable. All prior period information was previously conformed to this presentation, which does not result in a change to net cash provided by operating activities. 
 AFUDC is a noncash item that reflects the period cost of capital devoted to plant under construction. This accounting practice results in the inclusion of, as a component of construction cost, the costs of debt and equity capital dedicated to construction investment. AFUDC is included in rate base investment and depreciated as a component of plant cost in establishing rates for utility services. DESC calculated AFUDC using average composite rates of , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These rates do not exceed the maximum rates allowed in the various regulatory jurisdictions. DESC capitalizes interest on nuclear fuel in process at the actual interest cost incurred. For property subject to cost-of-service rate regulation that will be abandoned significantly before the end of its useful life, the net carrying value is reclassified from utility plant-in-service when it becomes probable it will be abandoned and recorded as a regulatory asset for amounts expected to be collected through future rates. Provisions for depreciation and amortization are recorded using the straight-line method based on the estimated service lives of the various classes of property, and in most cases, include provisions for future cost of removal. 

Transmission 

Distribution 

Storage 

General and other 

(1) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

DESC records nuclear fuel amortization using the units-of-production method, which is included in fuel used in electric generation and recovered through the fuel cost component of retail electric rates. 
 million annually through electric rates to offset certain turbine generator maintenance expenditures. Prior to September 2021, DESC was authorized to collect million annually. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, DESC incurred million, million and million, respectively, for turbine generator maintenance. Nuclear refueling outages are scheduled 18 months apart. As approved by the South Carolina Commission, DESC accrues million annually for its portion of the nuclear refueling outages, that are scheduled to occur from the fall of 2021 through the fall of 2027 as well as unrecovered balances from the previous accrual cycle. Refueling outage costs incurred for which DESC was responsible totaled million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Effective September 2021, DESC implemented a tree trimming and vegetation management accrual where costs associated with cyclical tree trimming and vegetation management are accrued over the five-year operating cycle DESC seeks to maintain for such activities. As approved by the South Carolina Commission, DESC accrues million annually. In 2021, DESC accrued million during the period the accrual was effective. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, DESC incurred costs totaling million and million, respectively. 
 changes in the amounts or timing of future cash flows are identified. DESC reports accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs as an adjustment to regulatory assets. 
 million, stated in 2022 dollars. Santee Cooper is responsible for decommissioning costs related to its one-third ownership interest in Summer. The cost estimate assumes that the site will be maintained over a period of approximately 60 years in such a manner as to allow for subsequent decontamination that would permit release for unrestricted use. Under DESC s method of funding decommissioning costs, DESC transfers to an external trust fund the amounts collected through rates million in each period presented), less expenses. The trust invests the amounts transferred into insurance policies on the lives of certain company personnel. Insurance proceeds are reinvested in insurance policies. The asset balance held in trust reflects the net cash surrender value of the insurance policies and cash held by the trust. Management intends for the fund, including earnings thereon, to provide for all eventual decommissioning expenditures for Summer on an after-tax basis. 

Restricted cash and equivalents (1) 

Cash, restricted cash and equivalents shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(1) 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. DESC sells electricity and natural gas and provides distribution and transmission services to customers in South Carolina. Management believes that this geographic concentration risk is mitigated by the diversity of DESC s customer base, which includes a large number of residential, commercial and industrial customers. Credit risk associated with accounts receivable is limited due to the large number of customers. DESC s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from amounts due from Santee Cooper related to the jointly owned nuclear generating facility at Summer. Such receivables represented approximately of DESC s accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022. 
 inventory includes the average cost of coal, natural gas, fuel oil and emission allowances. Fuel is charged to inventory when purchased and is expensed, at weighted average cost, as used and recovered through fuel cost recovery rates approved by the South Carolina Commission. 
 million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits. If it is not more-likely-than-not that a tax position, or some portion thereof, will be sustained, the related tax benefits are not recognized in the financial statements. Unrecognized tax benefits may result in an increase in income taxes payable, a reduction of income tax refunds receivable or changes in deferred taxes. Also, when uncertainty about the deductibility of an amount is limited to the timing of such deductibility, the increase in income taxes payable (or reduction in tax refunds receivable) is accompanied by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities. Except when such amounts are presented net with amounts receivable from or amounts prepaid to tax authorities, noncurrent income taxes payable related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified in other deferred credits and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and current payables are included in taxes accrued on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. DESC recognizes interest on underpayments and overpayments of income taxes in interest expense and interest income, respectively. Penalties are also recognized in other expenses. Interest expense at DESC was million in 2022 and million in 2020. In 2021, DESC reflected a million benefit in interest expense and recognized a million benefit from the reversal of penalty expenses associated with the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions. Interest income at DESC was less than million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. DESC recorded penalty expenses of million in 2020. At December 31, 2022, DESC had an income tax-related affiliated payable of million to Dominion Energy. This balance is expected to be paid to Dominion Energy. At December 31, 2021, DESC had an income tax-related affiliated receivable of million from Dominion Energy. This balance was received from Dominion Energy in 2022. At DESC investment tax credits are deferred and amortized over the service lives of the properties giving rise to the credits. Production tax credits are recognized as energy is generated and sold. 
 federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds or other benefits through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. DESC evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses. These analyses are generally based on: Orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and judicial actions; 

 Past experience; and 

 Discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. 

 Generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator. If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. A regulatory liability, if considered probable, will be recorded in the period such assessment is made or reversed into earnings if no longer probable. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 million and million associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, reflected in other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. DESC had margin liabilities associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 8 for further information about derivatives. To manage price and interest rate risk, DESC holds derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. However, to the extent DESC does not hold offsetting position for such derivatives, it believes these instruments represent economic hedges that mitigate its exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices or interest rates. All income statement activity, including amounts realized upon settlement, is presented in operating expenses and interest charges based on the nature of the underlying risk. For derivative instruments that are not accounted for as cash flow hedges, the cash flows from the derivatives are classified in operating cash flows. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments result in the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities. Realized gains or losses on the derivative instruments are generally recognized when the related transactions impact earnings. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS In accordance with accounting guidance pertaining to derivatives and hedge accounting, DESC designates a portion of their derivative instruments as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as cash flow hedges, the cash flows from the derivatives and from the related hedged items are classified in operating cash flows. Cash Flow Hedges - DESC uses interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to variable interest rates on long-term debt. For transactions in which DESC is hedging the variability of cash flows, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in regulatory assets or liabilities. Any derivative gains or losses reported in regulatory assets or liabilities are reclassified to earnings when the forecasted item is included in earnings, or earlier, if it becomes probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. For cash flow hedge transactions, hedge accounting is discontinued if the occurrence of the forecasted transaction is no longer probable. Pursuant to regulatory orders, interest rate derivatives entered into by DESC after October 2013 were not designated for accounting purposes as cash flow hedges, and fair value changes and settlement amounts related to them have been recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities. Settlement losses on swaps generally have been amortized over the lives of subsequent debt issuances, and gains have been amortized to interest charges or have been applied as otherwise directed by the South Carolina Commission. 
 
 Levels DESC utilizes the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels: Level 1-Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that they have the ability to access at the measurement date. 

 Level 2-Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs that are derived from observable market data by correlation or other means. Instruments categorized in Level 2 include interest rate swaps. 

 Level 3-Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, including situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Instruments categorized in Level 3 for DESC consist of long-dated commodity derivatives. 

 The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (Level 3). In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In these cases, the lowest level input that is significant to a fair value measurement in its entirety determines the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, considering factors specific to the asset or liability. 

Other regulated revenue consists primarily of miscellaneous service revenue from electric and gas distribution operations and sales of excess electric capacity and other commodities. 

 Other Revenue Other revenue consists primarily of alternative revenue programs, gains and losses from derivative instruments not subject to hedge accounting and lease revenues. 

 DESC records refunds to customers as required by the South Carolina Commission as a reduction to regulated electric sales or regulated gas sales, as applicable. Revenues from electric and gas sales are recognized over time, as the customers of DESC consume gas and electricity as it is delivered. Sales of products and services typically transfer control and are recognized as revenue upon delivery of the product or service. The customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits from, the product at the time the product is delivered. The contract with the customer states the final terms of the sale, including the description, quantity and price of each product or service purchased. Payment for most sales and services varies by contract type, but is typically due within a month of billing. DESC customers subject to an electric fuel cost recovery component or a PGA are billed based on a fuel or cost of gas factor calculated in accordance with cost recovery procedures approved by the South Carolina Commission and subject to adjustment periodically. Any difference between actual costs and amounts contained in rates is adjusted through revenue and is deferred and included when making the next adjustment to the cost recovery factors. Certain amounts deferred for the WNA arise under specific arrangements with regulators rather than customers and are accounted for as an alternative revenue program. This alternative revenue is included within Other operating revenues, separate from revenue arising from contracts with customers, in the month such adjustments are deferred within regulatory accounts. As permitted, DESC has elected to reduce the regulatory accounts in the period when such amounts are reflected on customer bills without affecting operating revenues. Performance obligations which have not been satisfied by DESC relate primarily to demand or standby service for natural gas. Demand or standby charges for natural gas arise when an industrial customer reserves capacity on assets controlled by the service provider and may use that capacity to move natural gas it has acquired from other suppliers. For all periods presented, the amount of revenue recognized by DESC for these charges is equal to the amount of consideration DESC has a right to invoice and corresponds directly to the value transferred to the customer. 
 the lease from one to . The exercise of renewal options is solely at DESC's discretion and is included in the lease term if the option is reasonably certain to be exercised. A right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability for leases with original lease terms of or less are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, unless such leases contain renewal options that DESC is reasonably certain will be exercised. The determination of the discount rate utilized has a significant impact on the calculation of the present value of the lease liability included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For DESC s leased assets, the discount rate implicit in the lease is generally unable to be determined from a lessee perspective. As such, DESC uses internally-developed incremental borrowing rates as a discount rate in the calculation of the present value of the lease liability. The incremental borrowing rates are determined based on an analysis of DESC's publicly available secured borrowing rates over various lengths of time that most closely corresponds to DESC's lease maturities. 

description of the matter. Other matters may have progressed sufficiently through the regulatory process such that DESC is able to estimate a range of possible loss. For regulatory matters that DESC is able to reasonably estimate a range of possible losses, an estimated range of possible loss is provided, in excess of the accrued liability (if any) for such matters. Any estimated range is based on currently available information, involves elements of judgment and significant uncertainties and may not represent DESC s maximum possible loss exposure. The circumstances of such regulatory matters will change from time to time and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. For current matters not specifically reported below, management does not anticipate that the outcome from such matters would have a material effect on DESC s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 2017 Tax Reform Act DESC s provision of electric transmission service is pursuant to a FERC approved formula rate. In December 2019, FERC issued an order requiring transmission providers with transmission formula rates to account for the impacts of the 2017 Tax Reform Act on rates charged to customers. The order requires companies to include a mechanism to decrease or increase their income tax allowances to account for the 2017 Tax Reform Act and any other future changes in tax law, and to submit annual information reflecting the amortization of these excess deferred income taxes. DESC submitted a proposed update to its formula rate to FERC in May 2020, and DESC amended its proposed update in October 2021 and July 2022. In November 2022, FERC accepted DESC's proposed update, as amended, effective January 2020, which did not result in any impact to DESC s Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Regulatory Matters South Carolina Electric Base Rate Case In August 2020, DESC filed its retail electric base rate case and schedules with the South Carolina Commission. In July 2021, DESC, the South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff and other parties of record filed a comprehensive settlement agreement with the South Carolina Commission for approval. The comprehensive settlement agreement provided for a non-fuel, base rate increase of million (resulting in a net increase of million after considering an accelerated amortization of certain excess deferred income taxes) commencing with bills issued on September 1, 2021 and an authorized earned ROE of . Additionally, DESC agreed to commit up to million to forgive retail electric customer balances that were more than 60 days past due as of May 31, 2021 and provide million for energy efficiency upgrades and critical health and safety repairs to customer homes. Pursuant to the comprehensive settlement agreement, DESC would not file a retail electric base rate case prior to July 1, 2023, such that new rates would not be effective prior to January 1, 2024, absent unforeseen extraordinary economic or financial conditions that may include changes in corporate tax rates. In July 2021, the South Carolina Commission approved the comprehensive settlement agreement and issued its final order in August 2021. In connection with this matter, DESC recorded charges of million million after-tax) reflected within impairment of assets and other charges (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment), including million of regulatory assets associated with DESC s purchases of its first mortgage bonds during 2019 that are no longer probable of recovery under the settlement agreement, and million million after-tax) reflected within other income (expense), net in its Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Electric Cost of Fuel DESC s retail electric rates include a cost of fuel component approved by the South Carolina Commission which may be adjusted periodically to reflect changes in the price of fuel purchased by DESC. In February 2022, DESC filed with the South Carolina Commission a proposal to increase the total fuel cost component of retail electric rates. DESC s proposed adjustment is designed to recover DESC s current base fuel costs, including its existing under-collected balance, over the 12-month period beginning with the first billing cycle of May 2022. DESC also proposed to apply approximately million representing the net balance of funds associated with the monetization of the bankruptcy settlement with Toshiba following the satisfaction of liens against NND Project property recorded in regulatory liabilities, as a reduction to its under-collected base fuel cost balance. In addition, DESC proposed an increase to its variable environmental and avoided capacity cost component. The net effect is a proposed annual increase of million. In April 2022, the South Carolina Commission approved the filing. In August 2022, DESC filed an application with the South Carolina Commission seeking a mid-period adjustment to increase the base fuel component of retail electric rates for the recovery of electric fuel costs. The application requested an increase of the base fuel cost component of million, with rates expected to be effective with the first billing cycle of January 2023. In November 2022, DESC, the South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff and other parties of record filed a stipulation agreement with the South Carolina Commission for approval that reflects updated fuel cost experience and forecasts. The stipulation agreement proposes an increase of the base fuel cost component to be effective with the first billing cycle of January 2023, with an estimated annual increase of million. In December 2022, the South Carolina Commission approved the stipulation agreement and issued a final order. In February 2023, DESC filed with the South Carolina Commission a proposal to increase the total fuel cost component of retail electric rates. DESC s proposed adjustment is designed to recover DESC s current base fuel costs, including its existing under-collected balance, over the 12-month period beginning with the first billing cycle of May 2023. In addition, DESC proposed a decrease to its variable environmental and avoided capacity cost component. The net effect is a proposed annual increase of million. This matter is pending. Electric Other DESC has approval for a DSM rider through which it recovers expenditures related to its DSM programs. In January 2022, DESC filed an application with the South Carolina Commission seeking approval to recover million of costs and net lost revenues associated with these programs, along with an incentive to invest in such programs. In April 2022, the South Carolina Commission approved the request, effective with the first billing cycle of May 2022. In January 2023, DESC filed an application with the South Carolina Commission seeking approval to recover million of costs and net lost revenues associated with these programs, along with an incentive to invest in such programs. DESC requested that rates be effective with the first billing cycle of May 2023. This matter is pending. DESC utilizes a pension costs rider approved by the South Carolina Commission which is designed to allow recovery of projected pension costs, including under-collected balances or net of over-collected balances, as applicable. The rider is typically reviewed for adjustment every 12 months with any resulting increase or decrease going into effect beginning with the first billing cycle in May. In April 2022, the South Carolina Commission approved DESC's requested adjustment to this rider to decrease annual revenue by million. In February 2023, DESC requested that the South Carolina Commission approve an adjustment to this rider to increase annual revenue by million. This matter is pending. Natural Gas Rates In November 2021, DESC filed an application with the South Carolina Commission seeking approval to create DSM programs for DESC's residential and commercial natural gas customers and a new rider to retail gas rates for the recovery of the associated program costs and a shared savings incentive of . The application also includes a notice of intent that DESC would seek to recover the net lost revenues resulting from the proposed DSM programs through the annual Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act proceeding. In June 2022, the South Carolina Commission voted to approve the proposed DSM programs with a shared savings incentive of with a final order issued in September 2022. In June 2022, DESC filed with the South Carolina Commission its monitoring report for the 12-month period ended March 31, 2022 with a total revenue requirement of million. This represents a million overall annual increase to its natural gas rates including a million base rate increase under the terms of the Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act effective with the first billing cycle of November 2022. In October 2022, the South Carolina Commission issued an order approving a total revenue requirement of million effective with the first billing cycle of November 2022. This represents a million overall annual increase to DESC s natural gas rates including a million base rate increase under the terms of the Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act. DESC's natural gas tariffs include a PGA that provides for the recovery of actual gas costs incurred, including transportation costs. DESC s gas rates are calculated using a methodology which may adjust the cost of gas monthly based on a 12-month rolling average, and its gas purchasing policies and practices are reviewed annually by the South Carolina Commission. Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities Rate-regulated utilities recognize in their financial statements certain revenues and expenses in different periods than do other enterprises. As a result, DESC has recorded regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities which are summarized in the following table. Except for NND Project costs and certain other unrecovered plant costs, substantially all regulatory assets are either explicitly excluded from rate base or are effectively excluded from rate base due to their being offset by related liabilities. 

Deferred employee benefit plan costs (2) 

Other unrecovered plant (3) 

DSM programs (4) 

Cost of fuel and purchased gas under-collections (5) 

Other 

Regulatory assets - current 

NND Project costs (1) 

AROs (6) 

Deferred employee benefit plan costs (2) 

Interest rate hedges (7) 

Other unrecovered plant (3) 

DSM programs (4) 

Environmental remediation costs (8) 

Deferred storm damage costs (9) 

Deferred transmission operating costs (10) 

Derivatives (11) 

Other (12) 

Regulatory assets - noncurrent 

Total regulatory assets 

Regulatory liabilities: 

Monetization of guaranty settlement (13) 

Income taxes refundable through future rates (14) 

Reserve for refunds to electric utility customers (15) 

Derivatives (11) 

Other 

Regulatory liabilities - current 

Monetization of guaranty settlement (13) 

Income taxes refundable through future rates (14) 

Asset removal costs (16) 

Reserve for refunds to electric utility customers (15) 

Derivatives (11) 

Other 

Regulatory liabilities - noncurrent 

Total regulatory liabilities 

(1) -year period ending in . 

 (2) . DESC expects to recover other deferred benefit costs through utility rates, primarily over average service periods of participating employees up to years. 

 (3) . Based on current projections of remaining decommissioning costs, projected recovery is expected to extend through . In addition, amounts include unrecovered costs of existing meters and equipment retired from service prior to being fully depreciated as part of the Advanced Metering Infrastructure project, which are being recovered through rates through . This amount also includes certain inventory and preliminary survey and investigation charges being amortized over five years related to the transition or conversion from coal to gas fired generation at certain facilities. In addition, reflects an increase of approximately million related to the abandonment of certain peaking gas generation facilities, such amounts having been reclassified from property, plant and equipment to noncurrent other unrecovered plant. Unamortized amounts are included in rate base and are earning a current return. 

 (4) through an approved rate rider. 

 (5) 

 (6) years. 

 (7) . 

 (8) years. See Note 12 for additional information. 

 (9) years pursuant to the settlement agreement approved in DESC s retail electric base rate case. Unamortized amounts are included in rate base and are earning a current return. 

 (10) years pursuant to the settlement agreement approved in DESC s retail electric base rate case. Unamortized amounts are included in rate base and earning a current return. See Note 12 for additional information. 

 (11) 

 (12) . 

 (13) -year period ending in . 

 (14) years). See Note 7 for additional information. 

 (15) -year period effective February 2019 in connection with the SCANA Merger Approval Order. 

 (16) 

Regulatory assets have been recorded based on the probability of their recovery. All regulatory assets represent incurred costs that may be deferred under GAAP for regulated operations. The South Carolina Commission or the FERC has reviewed and approved through specific orders certain of the items shown as regulatory assets. In addition, regulatory assets include, but are not limited to, certain costs which have not been specifically approved for recovery by one of these regulatory agencies. While such costs are not currently being recovered, management believes that they would be allowable under existing rate-making concepts embodied in rate orders or applicable state law and expects to recover these costs through rates in future periods. 

Commercial 

Industrial 

Other 

Revenues from contracts with customers 

Other revenues 

Total Operating Revenues 

Contract liabilities represent the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which consideration has already been received from the customer. DESC had contract liability balances of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, DESC recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, from the beginning contract liability balances as DESC fulfilled its obligations to provide service to its customers. Contract liabilities are recorded in customer deposits and customer prepayments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Contract Costs In limited instances, DESC provides economic development grants intended to support economic growth within DESC s electric service territory and defers such grants as regulatory assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Whenever these grants are contingent on a customer entering into a long-term electric supply contract with DESC such costs are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related service contract, which generally ranges from ten to . 

Amortization 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

par value, were million, of which million were issued and outstanding, and DESC's authorized shares of preferred stock, par value, were million, of which shares were issued and outstanding. All outstanding shares of common and preferred stock are held by SCANA. In 2022, Dominion Energy issued million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock to partially satisfy DESC s remaining obligation under a settlement agreement with the SCDOR discussed in Note 12. In connection with this transaction, DESC recorded an equity contribution from Dominion Energy. In 2021, Dominion Energy issued million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock to satisfy DESC s obligation under a settlement agreement for the FILOT litigation discussed in Note 12. Additionally, in 2021, Dominion Energy issued million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock to satisfy DESC s obligation for the initial payment under a settlement agreement with the SCDOR discussed in Note 12. In connection with these transactions, DESC recorded equity contributions from Dominion Energy. In 2021, DESC returned million of capital previously contributed from SCANA which had been funded by Dominion Energy. In 2020, Dominion Energy issued million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock in accordance with the settlement agreement associated with the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case, as discussed in Note 12. In connection with this transaction, DESC recorded an equity contribution from Dominion Energy. DESC s bond indenture under which it issues first mortgage bonds contains provisions that could limit the payment of cash dividends on its common stock. DESC's bond indenture permits the payment of dividends on DESC's common stock only either (1) out of its Surplus (as defined in the bond indenture) or (2) in case there is no Surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. In addition, pursuant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, the amount of any DESC dividends paid must be reasonable and consistent with the long-term payout ratio of the electric utility industry and gas distribution industry. At December 31, 2022, DESC s retained earnings exceed the balance established by the Federal Power Act as a reserve on earnings attributable to hydroelectric generation plants. As a result, DESC is permitted to pay dividends without additional regulatory approval provided that such amounts would not bring the retained earnings balance below the established threshold. 

 43 
 
 to , due to 

Tax-Exempt Financings: (2) 

Variable rate due 2038 

and , due and 

Other 

GENCO: 

Tax-Exempt Financing, variable rate due 

Affiliated note, due 

Total principal 

Securities due within one year 

Unamortized discount, premium and debt issuance costs, net 

() 

() 

Finance leases 

Total long-term debt 

(1) . 

 (2) million are secured by letters of credit that expire, subject to renewal, in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Tax-Exempt Financings 

Other 

Total 

Weighted-average coupon 

Substantially all of DESC s electric utility plant is pledged as collateral in connection with long-term debt. DESC is subject to a bond indenture dated April 1, 1993 (Mortgage) covering substantially all of its electric properties under which all of its first mortgage bonds (Bonds) have been issued. Bonds may be issued under the Mortgage in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the sum of (1) of Unfunded Net Property Additions (as therein defined), (2) the aggregate principal amount of retired Bonds and (3) cash deposited with the trustee. Bonds, other than certain Bonds issued on the basis of retired Bonds, may be issued under the Mortgage only if Adjusted Net Earnings (as therein defined) for consecutive months out of the months immediately preceding the month of issuance are at least twice the annual interest requirements on all outstanding Bonds and Bonds to be issued (Bond Ratio). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bond Ratio was approximately . Short-Term Debt DESC's short-term financing is supported through its access as co-borrower to Dominion Energy s billion joint revolving credit facility, which can be used for working capital, as support for the combined commercial paper programs of DESC, Dominion Energy, Virginia Power and Questar Gas, and for other general corporate purposes. 

At December 31, 2021 

Joint revolving credit facility (2) 

(1) at December 31 2022. 

(2) billion of the facility is available to DESC, assuming adequate capacity is available after giving effect to uses by co-borrowers Dominion Energy, Virginia Power and Questar Gas. A sub-limit for DESC is set within the facility limit but can be changed at the option of the co-borrowers multiple times per year. At December 31, 2022, the sub-limit for DESC was million. If DESC has liquidity needs in excess of its sub-limit, the sub-limit may be changed or such needs may be satisfied through short-term borrowings from DESC's parent or from Dominion Energy. This credit facility matures in , with the potential to be extended by the borrowers to . The credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to billion (or the sub-limit, whichever is less) of letters of credit. 

 In March 2021, FERC granted DESC authority through March 2023 to issue short-term indebtedness (pursuant to Section 204 of the Federal Power Act) in amounts not to exceed billion outstanding with maturity dates of or less. In addition, in March 2021, FERC granted GENCO authority through March 2023 to issue short-term indebtedness not to exceed million outstanding with maturity dates of or less. In January 2023, DESC and GENCO applied to FERC for a two-year short-term borrowing authorization. The applications are pending. DESC is obligated with respect to an aggregate of million of industrial revenue bonds which are secured by letters of credit. These letters of credit expire, subject to renewal, in the fourth quarter of 2023. DESC has FERC approval to enter into an inter-company credit agreement with Dominion Energy under which DESC may have short-term borrowings outstanding up to million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, DESC had borrowings outstanding under this credit agreement totaling million and million, respectively, which are recorded in affiliated and related party payables in DESC s Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, DESC recorded interest charges of million, less than million and million, respectively. Fuel Company and GENCO participated in a SCANA utility money pool until January 2021, when that utility money pool was closed. Money pool borrowings and investments bore interest at short-term market rates. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, DESC recorded interest income from money pool transactions of less than million and million, respectively, and for the same periods DESC recorded interest expense from money pool transactions of less than million and million, respectively. 

 routinely audited by federal and state tax authorities. Ultimate resolution of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material. As indicated in Note 2, DESC s operations, including accounting for income taxes, are subject to regulatory accounting treatment. See Note 3 for more information and current year developments. Details of income tax expense for continuing operations including noncontrolling interests were as follows:) 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Total current benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

Taxes before operating loss carryforwards and investment tax credits 

Tax utilization expense of operating loss carryforwards 

State 

Total deferred expense 

Investment tax credit-amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense 

Subsequent to the SCANA Combination, DESC s annual utilization of its net operating losses are restricted by the tax law, however in certain circumstances the utilization may be increased if SCANA recognizes built-in gains on certain sales of assets. For continuing operations including noncontrolling interests, the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate reconciles to DESC s effective income tax rate as follows: 

Increases (reductions) resulting from: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

AFUDC - equity 

() 

() 

Amortization of federal investment tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Reversal of excess deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in unrecognized tax benefits 

() 

Prior period adjustments 

Other 

() 

Effective tax rate 

In December 2021, unrecognized tax benefits related to several state uncertain tax positions were effectively settled through negotiations with the taxing authority. Management believed it was reasonably possible these unrecognized tax benefits could decrease through settlement negotiations or payments during 2021, however no income tax benefits could be recognized unless or until the positions were effectively settled. Resolution of these uncertain tax positions decreased income tax expense by million. 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Total net deferred income tax liabilities 

Total deferred income taxes: 

Depreciation method and plant basis differences 

Excess deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Unrecovered nuclear plant cost 

DESC rate refund 

() 

() 

Toshiba settlement 

() 

() 

Nuclear decommissioning 

() 

() 

Deferred state income taxes 

Federal benefit of deferred state income taxes 

() 

() 

Deferred fuel, purchased energy and gas costs 

Pension benefits 

Other postretirement benefits 

() 

() 

Loss and credit carryforwards 

() 

() 

Other 

Total net deferred income tax liabilities 

Deferred investment tax credits-regulated operations 

Total deferred taxes and deferred investment tax credits 

Federal production and other credits 

- 

State losses 

- 

State investment and other credits 

- 

Total 

Increases-prior period positions 

Decreases-prior period positions 

() 

() 

Increases-current period positions 

Settlements with tax authorities 

() 

Ending balance 

Certain unrecognized tax benefits, or portions thereof, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations. If recognized, all the unrecognized tax benefits would impact the effective tax rate. through . DESC is no longer subject to state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2019. It is reasonably possible that these unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by million within the next twelve months. If such changes were to occur, other than revisions of the accrual for interest on tax underpayments and overpayments, earnings could increase by million. Otherwise, with regard to 2022 and prior years, DESC cannot estimate the range of reasonably possible changes to unrecognized tax benefits that may occur in 2023. DESC is also obligated to report adjustments resulting from IRS settlements to state tax authorities. In addition, if DESC utilizes operating losses or tax credits generated in years for which the statute of limitations has expired, such amounts are generally subject to examination. 

 million and million, respectively, of additional collateral to its counterparties. The collateral that would be required to be posted includes the impacts of any offsetting asset positions and any amounts already posted for derivatives, non-derivative contracts and derivatives elected under the normal purchases and normal sales exception, per contractual terms. DESC had posted million and million, respectively, of collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to derivatives with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, which does not include the impact of any offsetting asset positions. 

Total derivatives 

Total derivatives 

Volumes 

Interest rate (1) 

(1) 

Fair Value and Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments 

Total current derivative assets (1) 

Noncurrent Assets 

Commodity 

Interest rate 

Total noncurrent derivative assets (2) 

Total derivative assets 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Interest rate 

Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (4) 

Total derivative liabilities 

At December 31, 2021 

Current Assets 

Commodity 

Total current derivative assets (1) 

Noncurrent Assets 

Commodity 

Total noncurrent derivative assets (2) 

Total derivative assets 

Current Liabilities 

Interest rate 

Total current derivative liabilities (3) 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Interest rate 

Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (4) 

Total derivative liabilities 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

(millions) 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in Derivatives Subject to Regulatory Treatment (1) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 

Interest rate 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 

Interest rate 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 

Interest rate 

Total 

(1) 

Interest rate contracts: 

Interest charges 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 
 
 (1) 

Fair Value (millions) 

Valuation Techniques 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range 
 
 Weighted Average (1) 

Assets 

Physical forwards: 

Electricity 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market price (per MWh) (2) 
 
 - 

Total assets 

(1) 

 (2) Represents market prices beyond defined terms for Levels 1 and 2. 

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurement During the third quarter of 2020, DESC determined that certain of its nonutility property was impaired and recorded a million charge million after-tax) within impairments and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other Segment) to adjust the property down to its estimated fair value of million. The fair value determinations are considered Level 2 fair value measurements due to the use of real estate appraised values. Recurring Fair Value Measurements Fair value disclosures for assets held in DESC s pension plan are presented in Note 11. 

Interest rate 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Interest rate 

Total liabilities 

At December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Commodity 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Interest rate 

Total liabilities 

2022 

2021 

(millions) 

Balance at January 1, 

Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

Included in earnings: 

Purchased power 

Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 

Settlements 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 

There are unrealized gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category related to assets/liabilities still held at the reporting date for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Substantially all of DESC s financial instruments are recorded at fair value, with the exception of the instruments described below, which are reported at historical cost. Estimated fair values have been determined using available market information and valuation methodologies considered appropriate by management. The carrying amount of financial instruments classified within current assets and current liabilities are representative of fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Affiliated long-term debt 

(1) 

 (2) 

million and million, respectively, for nuclear plant decommissioning. In addition, DESC has recorded AROs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for other conditional obligations primarily related to other generation and distribution properties, including gas pipelines. All of the amounts recorded are based upon estimates which are subject to varying degrees of precision, particularly since such payments will be made many years in the future. 

Liabilities incurred 

Liabilities settled 

() 

Accretion expense 

Revisions in estimated cash flows (1) 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

(1) 

52 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

The accumulated benefit obligation for pension benefits for DESC was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accumulated pension benefit obligation differs from the projected pension benefit obligation above in that it reflects no assumptions about future compensation levels. 

Assumed annual rate of future salary increases for projected benefit obligation 

N/A 
 
 N/A 

Crediting interest rate for cash balance plans 

N/A 
 
 N/A 

DESC s pension benefit obligations include a gain of million in 2022 resulting primarily from an increase in the discount rate and a gain of million in 2021 resulting primarily from an increase in the discount rate and a completed experience study. Actuarial gains recognized in DESC s other postretirement benefit obligations include a million gain in 2022 and a million gain in 2021 resulting from an increase in the discount rate. A annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for 2022. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to in 2026 and to remain at that level thereafter. Funded Status 

Benefit obligation 

Funded status 

() 

() 

() 

Current liability 

() 

() 

Noncurrent liability 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

In connection with the joint ownership of Summer, costs related to pensions attributable to Santee Cooper as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million and were recorded within deferred debits. Costs related to other postretirement benefits attributable to Santee Cooper as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million were recorded within deferred debits. 

Actual return (loss) on plan assets 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Investment Policies and Strategies Strategic investment policies are established for DESC s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment policy include employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Deviations from the plans strategic allocation are a function of DESC s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans actual asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. Future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns. Financial derivatives may be used to obtain or manage market exposures and to hedge assets and liabilities. DESC s overall objective for investing its pension plan assets is to achieve appropriate long-term rates of return commensurate with prudent levels of risk. To minimize risk, funds are diversified among asset classes, securities, active and passive investment strategies and investment advisors. The strategic target asset allocations for DESC s pension fund is: global equities, fixed income and cash. Global equities include investments in U.S. and non-U.S. companies, developed and emerging markets and small and large cap companies. The split between U.S. and non-U.S. companies is roughly U.S./ Non-U.S. Fixed income includes corporate debt instruments of companies from diversified industries and U.S. Treasuries. Equity and fixed income investments are in individual securities as well as mutual funds. DESC also utilizes common/collective trust funds as an investment vehicle for its defined benefit plans. A common/collective trust fund is a pooled fund operated by a bank or trust company for investment of the assets of various organizations and individuals in a well-diversified portfolio. Common/collective trust funds are funds of grouped assets that follow various investment strategies. For 2023, the expected long-term rate of return on assets will be . DESC determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for its pension plans by using a combination of: Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions; 

 Historical return analysis to determine long term historic returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset classes; 

 Expected future risk premiums, asset classes volatilities and correlations; 

 Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major capital market assumptions; and 

 Investment allocation of plan assets. 

 Fair Value Measurements Assets held by the pension plan are measured at fair value and are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Corporate debt instruments 

Government and other debt instruments 

Total recorded at fair value 

Assets recorded at NAV (1) 

Common/collective trust funds 

Total recorded at NAV 

Total investments (2) 

(1) 

 (2) million, net accrued income of million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of million at December 31, 2022. Excludes net assets related to pending sales of securities of million, net accrued income of million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of million at December 31, 2021. 

For purposes of calculating NAV, portfolio securities and other assets for which market quotes are readily available are valued at market value. Short-term investment vehicles are funds that invest in short-term fixed income instruments and are valued using observable prices of the underlying fund assets based on trade data for identical or similar securities. U.S. Treasury securities are valued using quoted market prices or based on models using observable inputs from market sources such as external prices or spreads or benchmarked thereto. Corporate debt instruments and government and other debt instruments are valued based on recently executed transactions, using quoted market prices, or based on models using observable inputs from market sources such as external prices or spreads or benchmarked thereto. In addition, corporate debt instruments include investments in open-end mutual funds registered with the SEC that invest in corporate debt instruments. Common collective trust assets are valued at NAV, which has been determined based on the unit values of the trust funds. Unit values are determined by the organization sponsoring such trust funds by dividing the trust funds net assets at fair value by the units outstanding at each valuation date. Expected Cash Flows Total benefits expected to be paid from the pension plan or company assets for the other postretirement benefits plan (net of participant contributions), respectively, are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 - 2032 

Pension Plan Contributions Under its funding policies, DESC evaluates plan funding requirements annually, usually in the fourth quarter after receiving updated plan information from its actuary. Based on the funded status of each plan and other factors, DESC determines the amount of contributions for the current year, if any, at that time. DESC made contributions to the pension trust in 2022, 2021 or 2020. DESC does not expect to contribute to its qualified pension plan in 2023. Net Periodic Benefit Cost Net periodic benefit cost is recorded utilizing beginning of the year assumptions. Disclosures required for these plans are set forth in the following tables. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of actuarial losses 

Settlement loss 

Net periodic benefit (credit) cost 

() 

() 

In connection with regulatory orders, DESC recovers current pension costs through a rate rider that may be adjusted annually for retail electric operations or through cost of service rates for gas operations. For retail electric operations, current pension expense is recognized based on amounts collected through a rate rider, and differences between actual pension expense and amounts recognized pursuant to the rider are deferred as a regulatory asset (for under-collections) or regulatory liability (for over-collections) as applicable. In addition, DESC amortizes certain previously deferred pension costs. See Note 3. 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of actuarial losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Settlement loss 

() 

Total recognized in regulatory assets 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Expected return on plan assets 

n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Rate of compensation increase 

n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Crediting interest rate for cash balance plans 

n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Health care cost trend rate 

Ultimate health care cost trend rate 

Year achieved 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Participation in Dominion Energy Defined Benefit Plans As discussed above, effective January 2021, DESC employees who had been receiving a cash balance formula became covered by the Dominion Energy Pension Plan. In addition, DESC employees hired in 2021 prior to July 2021 are covered by the Dominion Energy Pension Plan. As a participating employer, DESC is subject to Dominion Energy s funding policy, which is to contribute annually an amount that is in accordance with ERISA. DESC made contributions of less than million to the Dominion Energy Pension Plan during 2022 and DESC made contributions to the Dominion Energy Pension Plan during 2021. DESC s net periodic pension cost related to this plan was million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net periodic benefit (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in DESC s Consolidated Statements of Income. The funded status of various Dominion Energy subsidiary groups and employee compensation are the basis for determining the share of total pension costs for participating Dominion Energy subsidiaries. During 2022 and 2021, DESC s pension and other postretirement benefits obligation includes million and million, respectively, for amounts due to Dominion Energy related to this plan. Dominion Energy holds investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments for the pension plan in which DESC s employees participate. Any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash that DESC will provide to Dominion Energy for its share of employee benefit plan contributions. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan Effective January 2021, DESC participates in a defined contribution savings plan sponsored by Dominion Energy. Previously, DESC had participated in a defined contribution plan sponsored by SCANA, which was merged into the Dominion Energy plan in December 2020. DESC recognized employer matching contributions of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

 exposure. The circumstances of such legal proceedings and governmental examinations will change from time to time and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. For current proceedings not specifically reported below, management does not anticipate that the liabilities, if any, arising from such proceedings would have a material effect on DESC s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. Environmental Matters DESC is subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment. These laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. They can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations. From a regulatory perspective, DESC continually monitors and evaluates its current and projected emission levels and strives to comply with all state and federal regulations regarding those emissions. DESC participates in the SO 2 and NO X emission allowance programs with respect to coal plant emissions and also has constructed additional pollution control equipment at its coal-fired electric generating plants. These actions are expected to address many of the rules and regulations discussed herein. Air The CAA, as amended, is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation's air quality. At a minimum, states are required to establish regulatory programs to meet applicable requirements of the CAA. However, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. Many of DESC s facilities are subject to the CAA s permitting and other requirements. ACE Rule In July 2019, the EPA published the final rule informally referred to as the ACE Rule, as a replacement for the Clean Power Plan. The ACE Rule regulated GHG emissions from existing coal-fired power plants pursuant to Section 111(d) of the CAA and required states to develop plans by July 2022 establishing unit-specific performance standards for existing coal-fired power plants. In January 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated the ACE Rule and remanded it to the EPA. This decision would take effect upon issuance of the court s mandate. In March 2021, the court issued a partial mandate vacating and remanding all parts of the ACE Rule except for the portion of the ACE Rule that repealed the Clean Power Plan. In October 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear a challenge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit s decision on the ACE Rule. In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the D.C. Circuit s decision on the ACE Rule and remanded the case back to the D.C. Circuit. Until the case is resolved by the D.C. Circuit and/or the EPA issues new rulemaking, DESC cannot predict an impact to its operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Carbon Regulations In August 2016, the EPA issued a draft rule proposing to reaffirm that a source s obligation to obtain a PSD or Title V permit for GHGs is triggered only if such permitting requirements are first triggered by non-GHG, or conventional, pollutants that are regulated by the New Source Review program, and exceed a significant emissions rate of tons per year of CO 2 equivalent emissions. Until the EPA ultimately takes final action on this rulemaking, DESC cannot predict the impact to its results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. In December 2018, the EPA proposed revised Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources. The proposed rule would amend the previous determination that the best system of emission reduction for newly constructed coal-fired steam generating units is no longer partial carbon capture and storage. Instead, the proposed revised best system of emission reduction for this source category is the most efficient demonstrated steam cycle (e.g., supercritical steam conditions for large units and subcritical steam conditions for small units) in combination with best operating practices. The proposed revision to the performance standards for coal-fired steam generating units remains pending. Until the EPA ultimately takes final action on this rulemaking, DESC cannot predict the impact to its results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Water The CWA, as amended, is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement mechanisms. DESC must comply with applicable aspects of the CWA programs at its operating facilities. Regulation 316(b) In October 2014, the final regulations under Section 316(b) of the CWA that govern existing facilities and new units at existing facilities that employ a cooling water intake structure and that have flow levels exceeding a minimum threshold became effective. The rule establishes a national standard for impingement based on seven compliance options, but forgoes the creation of a single technology standard for entrainment. Instead, the EPA has delegated entrainment technology decisions to state regulators. State regulators are to make case-by-case entrainment technology determinations after an examination of mandatory facility-specific factors, including a social cost-benefit test, and optional facility-specific factors. The rule governs all electric generating stations with water withdrawals above MGD, with a heightened entrainment analysis for those facilities over MGD. DESC has facilities that are subject to the final regulations. DESC is also working with the EPA and state regulatory agencies to assess the applicability of Section 316(b) to hydroelectric facilities. DESC anticipates that it may have to install impingement control technologies at certain of these stations that have once-through cooling systems. DESC is currently evaluating the need or potential for entrainment controls under the final rule as these decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis after a thorough review of detailed biological, technological, and cost benefit studies. DESC is conducting studies and implementing plans as required by the rule to determine appropriate intake structure modifications at certain facilities to ensure compliance with this rule. While the impacts of this rule could be material to DESC s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, the existing regulatory framework in South Carolina provides rate recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such impacts for DESC. Effluent Limitations Guidelines In September 2015, the EPA released a final rule to revise the ELG Rule. The final rule established updated standards for wastewater discharges that apply primarily at coal and oil steam generating stations. Affected facilities are required to convert from wet to dry or closed cycle coal ash management, improve existing wastewater treatment systems and/or install new wastewater treatment technologies in order to meet the new discharge limits. In April 2017, the EPA granted separate petitions for reconsideration of the final ELG Rule and stayed future compliance dates in the rule. Also in April 2017, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted the EPA s request for a stay of the pending consolidated litigation challenging the rule while the EPA addresses the petitions for reconsideration. In September 2017, the EPA signed a rule to postpone the earliest compliance dates for certain waste streams regulations in the final ELG Rule from November 2018 to November 2020; however, the latest date for compliance for these regulations was December 2023. In October 2020, the EPA released the final rule that extends the latest dates for compliance. Individual facilities compliance dates will vary based on circumstances and the determination by state regulators and may range from to . While the impacts of this rule could be material to DESC s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, as DESC expects that wastewater treatment technology retrofits and modifications at the Williams and Wateree generating stations will be required, the existing regulatory framework in South Carolina provides rate recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such impacts for DESC. Capacity Use Area In November 2019, a new CUA was established in the counties surrounding the Cope Generating Station (Western Capacity Use Area) under the South Carolina Groundwater Use and Reporting Regulation. Under the regulation any groundwater well in a CUA that withdraws above gallons per month must be permitted. The Cope Generating Station is located within this new Western Capacity Use Area. Cope has been using four deep groundwater wells for cooling water and other house loads since 1996. Prior to designation of the new Western Capacity Use Area, the wells at Cope Station were only required to be registered not permitted. As a result of this designation, Cope will need to restore the surface water equipment to operable status to reduce reliance on groundwater wells. This includes completion of 316(b) requirements, (including SCDHEC BACT determination and modification of the station national pollutant discharge elimination system permit) and extensive inspection, repair and/or replacement of the associated surface water withdrawal equipment which has been idle since 1996. While the impacts of this rule change are potentially material to DESC s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, the existing regulatory framework in South Carolina provides rate recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such impacts for DESC. Waste Management and Remediation The operations of DESC are subject to a variety of state and federal laws and regulations governing the management and disposal of solid and hazardous waste, and release of hazardous substances associated with current and/or historical operations. The CERCLA, as amended, and similar state laws, may impose joint, several and strict liability for cleanup on potentially responsible parties who owned, operated or arranged for disposal at facilities affected by a release of hazardous substances. In addition, many states have created programs to incentivize voluntary remediation of sites where historical releases of hazardous substances are identified and property owners or responsible parties decide to initiate cleanups. From time to time, DESC may be identified as a potentially responsible party in connection with the alleged release of hazardous substances or wastes at a site. Under applicable federal and state laws, DESC could be responsible for costs associated with the investigation or remediation of impacted sites, or subject to contribution claims by other responsible parties for their costs incurred at such sites. DESC also may identify, evaluate and remediate other potentially impacted sites under voluntary state programs. Remediation costs may be subject to reimbursement under DESC s insurance policies, rate recovery mechanisms, or both. Except as described below, DESC does not believe these matters will have a material effect on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. DESC has decommissioned manufactured gas plant sites in South Carolina that are in various states of investigation, remediation and monitoring under work plans approved by, or under review by, the SCDHEC or the EPA. DESC anticipates that activities at these sites will continue through 2025 with a remaining estimated cost of million. DESC expects to recover costs arising from the remediation work at all four sites through rate recovery mechanisms and as of December 31, 2022, deferred amounts, net of amounts previously recovered through rates and insurance settlements, totaled million and are included in regulatory assets. Ash Pond and Landfill Closure Costs In April 2015, the EPA enacted a final rule regulating CCR landfills, existing ash ponds that still receive and manage CCRs, and inactive ash ponds that do not receive, but still store, CCRs. DESC currently has inactive and existing CCR ponds and CCR landfills subject to the final rule at different facilities. This rule created a legal obligation for DESC to retrofit or close all of its inactive and existing ash ponds over a certain period of time, as well as perform required monitoring, corrective action, and post-closure care activities as necessary. In December 2016, legislation was enacted that creates a framework for EPA- approved state CCR permit programs. In August 2017, the EPA issued interim guidance outlining the framework for state CCR program approval. The EPA has enforcement authority until state programs are approved. The EPA and states with approved programs both will have authority to enforce CCR requirements under their respective rules and programs. In September 2017, the EPA agreed to reconsider portions of the CCR rule in response to two petitions for reconsideration. In March 2018, the EPA proposed certain changes to the CCR rule related to issues remanded as part of the pending litigation and other issues the EPA is reconsidering. Several of the proposed changes would allow states with approved CCR permit programs additional flexibility in implementing their programs. In July 2018, the EPA promulgated the first phase of changes to the CCR rule. In August 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit issued its decision in the pending challenges of the CCR rule, vacating and remanding to the EPA three provisions of the rule. Until this matter is resolved and all phases of the CCR rule are promulgated, DESC is unable to precisely estimate potential incremental impacts or costs related to existing coal ash sites in connection with future implementation of the final CCR rule. While such amounts may be material to DESC s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, the existing regulatory framework in South Carolina provides rate recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such impacts. Claims and Litigation The following describes certain legal proceedings involving DESC relating primarily to events occurring before closing of the SCANA Combination. No reference to, or disclosure of, any proceeding, item or matter described below shall be construed as an admission or indication that such proceeding, item or matter is material. For certain of these matters, and unless otherwise noted therein, DESC is unable to estimate a reasonable range of possible loss and the related financial statement impacts, but for any such matter there could be a material impact to its results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. For the matters for which DESC is able to reasonably estimate a probable loss, the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include reserves of million and million, respectively, and insurance receivables of million and million, respectively, included within other receivables. These balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include million and million, respectively, of offsetting reserves and insurance receivables related to personal injury or wrongful death cases which are currently pending. For the year ended December 31, 2022, charges included in DESC s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were inconsequential. DESC s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 include charges of million million after-tax) and million million after-tax), respectively, within impairment of assets and other charges, reflected in the Corporate and Other segment. SCANA Shareholder Litigation In February 2018, a purported class action was filed against Dominion Energy and certain former directors of SCANA and DESC in the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina (the Metzler Lawsuit). The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that defendants violated their fiduciary duties to shareholders by executing a merger agreement that would unfairly deprive plaintiffs of the true value of their SCANA stock, and that Dominion Energy aided and abetted these actions. Among other remedies, the plaintiff seeks to enjoin and/or rescind the merger. In February 2018, Dominion Energy removed the case to the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina and filed a Motion to Dismiss in March 2018. In September 2019, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina granted the plaintiffs motion to consolidate the Metzler Lawsuit with another lawsuit regarding the SCANA Merger Agreement to which DESC is not a party. In October 2019, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint against certain former directors and executive officers of SCANA and DESC, which stated substantially similar allegations to those in the initial lawsuits as well as an inseparable fraud claim. In November 2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss. In April 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina denied the motion to dismiss. In May 2020, SCANA filed a motion to intervene, which was denied in August 2020. In September 2020, SCANA filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. In June 2021, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle this case, along with a related case to which DESC was not a party, subject to court approval, with no financial impact to DESC. In June 2022, this case was dismissed in connection with court approval of the related case to which DESC was not a party. Employment Class Actions and Indemnification In August 2017, a case was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina on behalf of persons who were formerly employed at the NND Project. In July 2018, the court certified this case as a class action. In February 2019, certain of these plaintiffs filed an additional case, which case has been dismissed and the plaintiffs have joined the case filed August 2017. The plaintiffs allege, among other things, that SCANA, DESC, Fluor Corporation and Fluor Enterprises, Inc. violated the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act in connection with the decision to stop construction at the NND Project. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants failed to provide adequate advance written notice of their terminations of employment and are seeking damages, which could be as much as million for of the NND Project. In January 2021, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina granted summary judgment in favor of SCANA, DESC, Fluor Corporation and Fluor Enterprises, Inc. In February 2021, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. In November 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit affirmed the lower court ruling. In March 2022, the deadline to file an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States expired. In September 2018, a case was filed in the State Court of Common Pleas in Fairfield County, South Carolina by Fluor Enterprises, Inc. and Fluor Daniel Maintenance Services, Inc. against DESC and Santee Cooper. The plaintiffs make claims for indemnification, breach of contract and promissory estoppel arising from, among other things, the defendants' alleged failure and refusal to defend and indemnify the Fluor defendants in the aforementioned case. As a result of the ruling in favor of the defendants in the aforementioned case, DESC was able to resolve Fluor s claims for an inconsequential amount. Governmental Proceedings and Investigations In June 2018, DESC received a notice of proposed assessment of approximately million, excluding interest, from the SCDOR following its audit of DESC s sales and use tax returns for the periods September 1, 2008 through December 31, 2017. The proposed assessment, which includes of the NND Project, is based on the SCDOR s position that DESC s sales and use tax exemption for the NND Project does not apply because the facility will not become operational. In December 2020, the parties reached an agreement in principle in the amount of million to resolve this matter. In June 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement which allows DESC to fund the settlement amount through a combination of cash, shares of Dominion Energy common stock or real estate with an initial payment of at least million in shares of Dominion Energy common stock. In August 2021, Dominion Energy issued million shares of its common stock to satisfy DESC s obligation for the initial payment under the settlement agreement. In May 2022, Dominion Energy issued an additional million shares of its common stock to partially satisfy DESC s remaining obligation under the settlement agreement. In June 2022, DESC requested approval from the South Carolina Commission to transfer certain real estate with a total settlement value of million to satisfy its remaining obligation under the settlement agreement. In July 2022, the South Carolina Commission voted to approve the request and issued its final order in August 2022. In September 2022, DESC transferred certain non-utility property with a fair value of million to the SCDOR under the settlement agreement, resulting in a gain of million million after-tax) recorded in other income (expense), net in DESC s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. In December 2022, DESC transferred additional utility property with a fair value of million to the SCDOR, resulting in an inconsequential gain. In October 2022, DESC filed for approval to transfer the remaining real estate with FERC which was received in November 2022. The transfers of such utility properties are expected to be completed by early 2024 and to result in a gain of approximately million upon completion. Matters Fully Resolved Prior to 2022 Ratepayer Class Actions In May 2018, a consolidated complaint against DESC, SCANA and the State of South Carolina was filed in the State Court of Common Pleas in Hampton County, South Carolina (the DESC Ratepayer Case). The plaintiffs alleged, among other things, that DESC was negligent and unjustly enriched, breached alleged fiduciary and contractual duties and committed fraud and misrepresentation in failing to properly manage the NND Project, and that DESC committed unfair trade practices and violated state anti-trust laws. In December 2018, the State Court of Common Pleas in Hampton County entered an order granting preliminary approval of a class action settlement. The court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement in June 2019, which became effective in July 2019. The settlement agreement, contingent upon the closing of the SCANA Combination, provided that SCANA and DESC establish an escrow account and proceeds from the escrow account would be distributed to the plaintiffs, after payment of certain taxes, attorneys' fees and other expenses and administrative costs. The escrow account would include (1) up to billion, net of a credit of up to billion in future electric bill relief, which would inure to the benefit of the escrow account in favor of class members over a period of time established by the South Carolina Commission in its order related to matters before the South Carolina Commission related to the NND Project, (2) a cash payment of million and (3) the transfer of certain DESC-owned real estate or sales proceeds from the sale of such properties, which counsel for the plaintiffs estimated to have an aggregate value between million and million. At the closing of the SCANA Combination, SCANA and DESC funded the cash payment portion of the escrow account. In July 2019, DESC transferred million representing the cash payment, plus accrued interest, to the plaintiffs. Through August 2020, property, plant and equipment with a net recorded value of million had been transferred to the plaintiffs in coordination with the court-appointed real estate trustee to satisfy the settlement agreement. In September 2020, the court entered an order approving a final resolution of the transfer of real estate or sales proceeds with a cash contribution of million by DESC and the conveyance of property, plant and equipment with a net recorded value of million, which was completed by DESC in October 2020. In December 2021, the court approved a motion for and DESC completed the repurchase of million of property, plant and equipment previously transferred to the plaintiffs. In September 2017, a purported class action was filed by Santee Cooper ratepayers against Santee Cooper, DESC, Palmetto Electric Cooperative, Inc. and Central Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. in the State Court of Common Pleas in Hampton County, South Carolina (the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case). The allegations were substantially similar to those in the DESC Ratepayer Case. In March 2020, the parties executed a settlement agreement relating to this matter as well as the Luquire Case and the Glibowski Case described below. The settlement agreement provided that Dominion Energy and Santee Cooper establish a fund for the benefit of class members in the amount of million, of which Dominion Energy s portion was million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock. In July 2020, the court issued a final approval of the settlement agreement. In September 2020, Dominion Energy issued million of shares of Dominion Energy common stock to satisfy its obligation under the settlement agreement, including interest charges. In July 2019, a similar purported class action was filed by certain Santee Cooper ratepayers against DESC, SCANA, Dominion Energy and former directors and officers of SCANA in the State Court of Common Pleas in Orangeburg, South Carolina (the Luquire Case). In August 2019, DESC, SCANA and Dominion Energy were voluntarily dismissed from the case. The claims were similar to the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case. In March 2020, the parties executed a settlement agreement as described above relating to this matter as well as the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case and the Glibowski Case. This case was dismissed as part of the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case settlement described above. RICO Class Action In January 2018, a purported class action was filed, and subsequently amended, against SCANA, DESC and certain former executive officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina (the Glibowski Case). The plaintiff alleged, among other things, that SCANA, DESC and the individual defendants participated in an unlawful racketeering enterprise in violation of RICO and conspired to violate RICO by fraudulently inflating utility bills to generate unlawful proceeds. In March 2020, the parties executed a settlement agreement as described above relating to this matter as well as the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case and the Luquire Case. This case was dismissed as part of the Santee Cooper Ratepayer Case settlement described above. FILOT Litigation and Related Matters In November 2017, Fairfield County filed a complaint and a motion for temporary injunction against DESC in the State Court of Common Pleas in Fairfield County, South Carolina, making allegations of breach of contract, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of implied duty of good faith and fair dealing and unfair trade practices related to DESC s termination of the FILOT agreement between DESC and Fairfield County related to the NND Project. The plaintiff sought a temporary and permanent injunction to prevent DESC from terminating the FILOT agreement. The plaintiff withdrew the motion for temporary injunction in December 2017. In July 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement requiring DESC to pay million, which could be satisfied in either cash or shares of Dominion Energy common stock. Also in July 2021, the State Court of Common Pleas in Fairfield County, South Carolina approved the settlement. In July 2021, Dominion Energy issued million shares of Dominion Energy common stock to satisfy DESC s obligation under the settlement agreement. Governmental Proceedings and Investigations In September and October 2017, SCANA was served with subpoenas issued by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of South Carolina and the Staff of the SEC s Division of Enforcement seeking documents related to the NND Project. In February 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against SCANA, two of its former executive officers and DESC in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina alleging that the defendants violated federal securities laws by making false and misleading statements about the NND Project. In April 2020, SCANA and DESC reached an agreement in principle with the Staff of the SEC s Division of Enforcement to settle, without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint. In December 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina issued an order approving the settlement which required SCANA to pay a civil monetary penalty totaling million, and SCANA and DESC to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest totaling million, which disgorgement and prejudgment interest amount were deemed satisfied by the settlements in the SCANA Securities Class Action and the DESC Ratepayer Case. SCANA paid the civil penalty in December 2020. The SEC civil action against two former executive officers of SCANA remains pending and is currently subject to a stay granted by the court in June 2020 at the request of the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of South Carolina. In addition, the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division is conducting a criminal investigation into the handling of the NND Project by SCANA and DESC. Dominion Energy is cooperating fully with the investigations by the U.S. Attorney s Office and the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, including responding to additional subpoenas and document requests. Dominion Energy has also entered into a cooperation agreement with the U.S. Attorney s Office and the South Carolina Attorney General s Office. The cooperation agreement provides that in consideration of its full cooperation with these investigations to the satisfaction of both agencies, neither such agency will criminally prosecute or bring any civil action against Dominion Energy or any of its current, previous, or future direct or indirect subsidiaries related to the NND Project. A former executive officer of SCANA entered a plea agreement with the U.S. Attorney s Office and the South Carolina Attorney General s Office in June 2020 and entered a guilty plea with the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina in July 2020. Another former executive officer of SCANA entered a plea agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office and the South Carolina Attorney General's Office in November 2020 and entered guilty pleas in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina and in South Carolina state court in February 2021. As a result of the pleas, Dominion Energy has terminated indemnity for these former executive officers related to these two cases. Abandoned NND Project DESC, for itself and as agent for Santee Cooper, entered into an engineering, construction and procurement contract with Westinghouse and WECTEC in 2008 for the design and construction of the NND Project, of which DESC s ownership share is . Various difficulties were encountered in connection with the project. The ability of Westinghouse and WECTEC to adhere to established budgets and construction schedules was affected by many variables, including unanticipated difficulties encountered in connection with project engineering and the construction of project components, constrained financial resources of the contractors, regulatory, legal, training and construction processes associated with securing approvals, permits and licenses and necessary amendments to them within projected time frames, the availability of labor and materials at estimated costs and the efficiency of project labor. There were also contractor and supplier performance issues, difficulties in timely meeting critical regulatory requirements, contract disputes, and changes in key contractors or subcontractors. These matters preceded the filing for bankruptcy protection by Westinghouse and WECTEC in March 2017, and were the subject of comprehensive analyses performed by SCANA and Santee Cooper. Based on the results of SCANA s analysis, and in light of Santee Cooper's decision to suspend construction on the NND Project, in July 2017, SCANA determined to stop the construction of the units and to pursue recovery of costs incurred in connection with the construction under the abandonment provisions of the Base Load Review Act or through other means. This decision by SCANA became the focus of numerous legislative, regulatory and legal proceedings. Some of these proceedings are described above. In September 2017, DESC, for itself and as agent for Santee Cooper, filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York Proofs of Claim for unliquidated damages against each of Westinghouse and WECTEC. These Proofs of Claim were based upon the anticipatory repudiation and material breach by Westinghouse and WECTEC of the contract, and assert against Westinghouse and WECTEC any and all claims that are based thereon or that may be related thereto. Westinghouse s reorganization plan was confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York and became effective in August 2018. In connection with the effectiveness of the reorganization plan, the contract associated with the NND Project was deemed rejected. DESC contested approximately million of filed liens in Fairfield County, South Carolina. Most of these asserted liens were claims that relate to work performed by Westinghouse subcontractors before the Westinghouse bankruptcy, although some of them were claims arising from work performed after the Westinghouse bankruptcy. DESC and Santee Cooper were responsible for amounts owed to Westinghouse for valid work performed by Westinghouse subcontractors on the NND Project after the Westinghouse bankruptcy filing until termination of the interim assessment agreement. In December 2019, DESC and Santee Cooper entered into a confidential settlement agreement with W Wind Down Co LLC resolving claims relating to the interim assessment agreement. Further, some Westinghouse subcontractors that made claims against Westinghouse in the bankruptcy proceeding also filed claims against DESC and Santee Cooper in South Carolina state court for damages. Many of these claimants asserted construction liens against the NND Project site. In December 2021, settlements were reached to resolve all remaining claims made by Westinghouse subcontractors. All amounts for which Dominion Energy was ultimately responsible were funded utilizing, and did not exceed, the portion of the Toshiba Settlement allocated for such balances within the SCANA Merger Approval Order recorded in regulatory liabilities on DESC s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Nuclear Insurance Under Price-Anderson, DESC (for itself and on behalf of Santee-Cooper) maintains agreements of indemnity with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission that, together with private insurance, cover third-party liability arising from any nuclear incident occurring at Summer. Price-Anderson provides funds up to billion for public liability claims that could arise from a single nuclear incident. Each nuclear plant is insured against this liability to a maximum of million by American Nuclear Insurers with the remaining coverage provided by a mandatory program of deferred premiums that could be assessed, after a nuclear incident, against all owners of commercial nuclear reactors. Each reactor licensee is liable for up to million per reactor owned for each nuclear incident occurring at any reactor in the U.S., provided that not more than million of the liability per reactor would be assessed per year. DESC s maximum assessment, based on its two-thirds ownership of Summer, would be million per incident, but not more than million per year. Both the maximum assessment per reactor and the maximum yearly assessment are adjusted for inflation at least every . DESC currently maintains insurance policies (for itself and on behalf of Santee Cooper) with NEIL. The policies provide coverage to Summer for property damage and outage costs up to billion resulting from an event of nuclear origin and up to million resulting from an event of a non-nuclear origin. The NEIL policies in aggregate, are subject to a maximum loss of billion for any single loss occurrence. The NEIL policies permit retrospective assessments under certain conditions to cover insurer s losses. Based on the current annual premium, DESC s portion of the retrospective premium assessment would not exceed million. DESC currently maintains an excess property insurance policy (for itself and on behalf of Santee Cooper) with EMANI. The policy provides coverage to Summer for property damage and outage costs up to million resulting from an event of a non-nuclear origin. The EMANI policy permits retrospective assessments under certain conditions to cover insurer's losses. Based on the current annual premium, DESC's portion of the retrospective premium assessment would not exceed an inconsequential amount. To the extent that insurable claims for property damage, decontamination, repair and replacement and other costs and expenses arising from an incident at Summer exceed the policy limits of insurance, or to the extent such insurance becomes unavailable in the future, and to the extent that DESC's rates would not recover the cost of any purchased replacement power, DESC will retain the risk of loss as a self-insurer. DESC has no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear or other incident. However, if such an incident were to occur, it likely would have a material impact on DESC's results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Spent Nuclear Fuel The Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 required that the United States government accept and permanently dispose of high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel by January 31, 1998, and it imposed on utilities the primary responsibility for storage of their spent nuclear fuel until the repository is available. DESC entered into a Standard Contract for Disposal of Spent Nuclear Fuel and/or High-Level Radioactive Waste with the DOE in 1983. By mutual agreement of the parties, damage award payments and settlement payments are made until the DOE has accepted the same amount of spent fuel from the facility as if it has fully performed its contractual obligations. In 2022, DESC received payment of million for resolution of its share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. In 2021, DESC received payment of million for resolution of its share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020. In 2020, DESC received payment of million for resolution of its share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, the federal government has not accepted any spent fuel from Summer, and it remains unclear when the repository may become available. DESC has constructed an independent spent fuel storage installation to accommodate the spent nuclear fuel output for the life of Summer. DESC may evaluate other technology as it becomes available. Long-Term Purchase Agreements 

(1) million. 

Commitments represent estimated amounts payable for energy under power purchase contracts with qualifying facilities which expire at various dates through 2046. Energy payments are generally based on fixed dollar amounts per month and totaled million in 2022 , million in 2021 and million in 2020 . 

Finance lease assets (2) 

Total lease assets 

Lease liabilities: 

Operating lease - current (3) 

Operating lease - noncurrent (4) 

Finance lease - current (5) 

Finance lease - noncurrent 

Total lease liabilities 

(1) 

 (2) million and million of accumulated amortization at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

Interest 

Operating lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

years 

years 

Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate - finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

After 2027 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Present value adjustment 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

million for specific items in the Corporate and Other segment, all of which was attributable to its operating segment. In 2021, DESC reported after-tax net expenses of million for specific items in the Corporate and Other segment, of which million was attributable to its operating segment. The net expense for specific items attributable to DESC s operating segment in 2021 primarily related to million million after-tax) of charges associated with the settlement of the South Carolina electric base rate case and a million million after-tax) charge associated with litigation. In 2020, DESC reported after-tax net expenses of million for specific items in the Corporate and Other segment, all of which were attributable to its operating segment. The net expense for specific items attributable to DESC s operating segment in 2020 primarily related to million million after-tax) of charges associated with litigation. 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest charges, net of AFUDC 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) available (attributable) to common shareholder 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets (billions) 

2021 

External revenue 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest charges (benefit), net of AFUDC 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) available (attributable) to common shareholder 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets (billions) 

2020 

External revenue 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest charges, net of AFUDC 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) available (attributable) to common shareholder 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Transmission 

Distribution 

Storage 

General and other 

Intangible 

Construction work in progress 

Nuclear fuel 

Total gross utility plant 

Gross nonutility property 

Jointly Owned Utility Plant DESC jointly owns and is the operator of Summer. Each joint owner provides its own financing and shares the direct expenses and generation output in proportion to its ownership. DESC s share of the direct expenses of Summer is included in the corresponding operating expenses on its income statement. The units associated with the NND Project, net of impairment charges, have been reclassified from construction work in progress to a regulatory asset as a result of the decision to stop their construction. See additional discussion at Note 3. 

Plant in service 

billion 

billion 

Accumulated depreciation 

million 

million 

Construction work in progress 

million 

million 

Included within other receivables on the balance sheet were amounts due to DESC from Santee Cooper for its share of direct expenses. These amounts totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

 DESC transacts with affiliates for certain quantities of electricity in the ordinary course of business. DESC also enters into certain commodity derivative contracts with affiliates. DESC uses these contracts, which are principally comprised of forward commodity purchases, to manage commodity price risks associated with purchases of electricity. See Note 8 for more information. 

Operating Revenues Electric from sales to affiliate 

Operating Revenues Gas from sales to affiliate 

Operating Expenses Other taxes from affiliate 

Purchases of electricity from solar affiliates 

Demand and transportation charges from DECG - Fuel used in electric generation 

Demand and transportation charges from DECG - Gas purchased for resale 

(1) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Payable to DES 

Payable to SCANA Corporation 

Payable to Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated 

Receivable from Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated 

Payable to solar affiliates 

Receivable from nuclear affiliates 

Derivative assets with affiliates (1) 

(1) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and amounts recorded in other deferred debits and other assets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Certain disclosures regarding tax related affiliate balances are included in Note 2. Borrowings from an affiliate are described in Note 6. Certain disclosures regarding DESC s participation in SCANA's noncontributory defined benefit pension plan and unfunded postretirement health care and life insurance programs are included in Note 11. 

 68 

Other income 

Gains on sales of assets (1) 

Other expense 

() 

() 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

Non-service cost components of pension and other postretirement benefits are included in other expense. In 2022, DESC completed the sales of certain utility property in South Carolina, as approved by the South Carolina Commission, for total cash consideration of million. In connection with the sales, DESC recognized a gain of million million after-tax) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 69 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Senior management, including DESC s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of DESC s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, DESC s CEO and CFO have concluded that DESC s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in DESC s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, DESC s internal control over financial reporting. 
 MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of DESC understands and accepts responsibility for DESC s financial statements and related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). DESC continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of internal control, just as DESC does throughout all aspects of its business. 
 DESC maintains a system of internal control designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established procedures. This system includes written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits. 
 The Board of Directors also serves as DESC s Audit Committee and has periodic communications with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and management concerning DESC s auditing, internal accounting control and financial reporting matters and to ensure that each is properly discharging its responsibilities. 
 SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require DESC s 2022 Annual Report to contain a management s report regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a basis for the report, DESC tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Based on its assessment as of December 31, 2022, DESC makes the following assertions: 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of DESC. 
 There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
 Management evaluated DESC s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that DESC maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of DESC s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report is not subject to attestation by DESC s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to a permanent exemption under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 February 21, 2023 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 70 
 
 Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instructions I.(2)(c). 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instructions I.(2)(c). 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instructions I.(2)(c). 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instructions I.(2)(c). 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 The following table presents fees paid to Deloitte Touche LLP for services related to DESC for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Type of Fees 
 
 2022 

2021 

(millions) 

Audit fees 

1.54 

1.54 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total Fees 

1.54 

1.54 

Audit fees represent fees of Deloitte Touche LLP for the audit of DESC s annual consolidated financial statements, the review of financial statements included in DESC s quarterly Form 10-Q reports, and the services that an independent auditor would customarily provide in connection with subsidiary audits, statutory requirements, regulatory filings, and similar engagements for the fiscal year, such as comfort letters, attest services, consents, and assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. 
 Audit-related fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of DESC s consolidated financial statements or internal control over financial reporting. This category may include fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations, due diligence related to mergers, acquisitions, and investments, and accounting consultations about the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. 
 DESC s Board of Directors has adopted the Dominion Energy Audit Committee pre-approval policy for its independent auditor s services and fees and has delegated the execution of this policy to the Dominion Energy Audit Committee. In accordance with this delegation, each year the Dominion Energy Audit Committee pre-approved a schedule that details the services to be provided for the following year and an estimated charge for such services. At its December 2022 meeting, the Dominion Energy Audit Committee approved schedules of services and fees for 2023 inclusive of DESC. In accordance with the pre-approval policy, any changes to the pre-approved schedule may be pre-approved by the Dominion Energy Audit Committee or a delegated member of the Dominion Energy Audit Committee. 
 71 
 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule s 
 (a) Certain documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference and found on the pages noted. 

1. Financial Statements 

See Index on page 23 . 
 2. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is either not material or is shown in the financial statements or the related notes. 

3. Exhibits (incorporated by reference unless otherwise noted) 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.01 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective April 29, 2019 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed April 29, 2019, File No. 1-3375) . 

3.02 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective April 29, 2019 (Exhibit 3.2, Form 8-K filed April 29, 2019, File No. 1-3375) . 

4.01 
 
 Articles of Exchange of South Carolina Electric Gas Company and SCANA Corporation (Filed as Exhibit 4-A to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 2-90438 and incorporated by reference herein). (Filed on paper - hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T). 

4.02 
 
 Indenture dated as of April 1, 1993 between Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. (formerly South Carolina Electric Gas Company) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A. (successor to NationsBank of Georgia, National Association), as trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form S-3 Registration Statement filed January 12, 2021, File No. 333-252048) . 

4.03 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 1993 (Filed as Exhibit 4-G to Registration Statement No. 33-49421). (Filed on paper - hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T). 

4.04 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 15, 1993 (Filed as Exhibit 4-G to Registration Statement No. 33-57955). (Filed on paper - hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T). 

4.05 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.12, Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3 Registration Statement filed October 3, 2013, File No. 333-184426) . 

4.06 
 
 Description of Series A Nonvoting Preferred Shares (Exhibit 4.06, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed February 28, 2020, File No. 1-03375) . 

10.01 
 
 Contract for AP1000 Fuel Fabrication and Related Services between Westinghouse Electric Company LLC and South Carolina Electric Gas Company for V. C. Summer AP1000 Nuclear Plant Units 2 3 dated January 27, 2011 (portions of the exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (Exhibit 10.01, Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 filed August 3, 2011, File No. 1-3375) . 

10.02 
 
 6,000,000,000 Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, among Dominion Energy, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Questar Gas Company, Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc., JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Bank of America, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Co-Sustainability Structuring Agent, and other lenders named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 10, 2021, File No. 1-3375); as amended by the First Amendment, dated September 28, 2022, to the Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022, File No. 1-3375). 

10.03 
 
 DES Services Agreement, dated February 20, 2019, by and between South Carolina Electric Gas Company and Dominion Energy Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.04, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed February 28, 2020, File No. 1-03375) . 

72 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

10.04 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated as of July 27, 2017, by and among Toshiba, South Carolina Electric Gas Company and Santee Cooper (Exhibit 99.2, Form 8-K filed July 28, 2017, File No. 1-3375) . 

10.05 
 
 Trade Confirmation dated September 25, 2017, between South Carolina Electric Gas Company, Santee Cooper and Citibank, N.A., and associated Assignment and Purchase Agreement, dated September 27, 2017, by and among South Carolina Electric Gas Company, Santee Cooper and Citibank, N. A. (Exhibit 10.03, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed November 3, 2017, File No. 1-3375) . 

23 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. (filed herewith). 

31.a 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31.b 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32.a 
 
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

101 
 
 The following financial statements from Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 21, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Equity, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Reporting Language) and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Item 16 . Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 73 
 
 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DOMINION ENERGY SOUTH CAROLINA, INC. 

BY: 
 /s/ Diane Leopold 

(Diane Leopold, Chief Executive Officer) 

DATE: February 21, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 21 st day of February, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Robert M. Blue 
 
 Director 

Robert M. Blue 

/s/ W. Keller Kissam 
 
 Director 

W. Keller Kissam 

/s/ Diane Leopold 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Diane Leopold 

/s/ Steven D. Ridge 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Steven D. Ridge 

/s/ Michele L. Cardiff 
 
 Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

Michele L. Cardiff 

74 

<EX-23>
 2
 ck0000091882-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-252048 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 21, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. and affiliates, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 ck0000091882-ex31_a.htm
 EX-31.A

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.a 
 
 I, Diane Leopold, certify that: 
 
 1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc.; 
 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Diane Leopold 

Diane Leopold Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ck0000091882-ex31_b.htm
 EX-31.B

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.b 
 
 I, Steven D. Ridge, certify that: 
 
 1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc.; 
 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Steven D. Ridge 

Steven D. Ridge Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ck0000091882-ex32_a.htm
 EX-32.A

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.a 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 
 
 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), of the Company to which this certification is an exhibit fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)). 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and for the period then ended. 

/s/ Diane Leopold 

Diane Leopold Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2023 

/s/ Steven D. Ridge 

Steven D. Ridge Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 21, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 ck0000091882-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ck0000091882-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ck0000091882-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ck0000091882-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ck0000091882-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

