<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1533758_0001533758-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23936284</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232060</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2752269</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10356740</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5142982</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4935536</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001533758-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222180534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001533758-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		155
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hughes Satellite Systems Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533758
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				450897865
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-179121
		FILM NUMBER:		23655036

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 INVERNESS TERRACE EAST
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-706-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 INVERNESS TERRACE EAST
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hughes Satellites Systems Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111028

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001533758-23-000005.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 hssc-20221231.htm
 10-K

hssc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 . 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO . 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Not Applicable (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Emerging growth company 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting interests held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 was . 
 As of February 6, 2023, the registrant s outstanding common stock consisted of shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share. 
 The Registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the reduced disclosure format. 
 The Registrant currently is not subject to the filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is filing this Annual Report on Form on a voluntary basis. The Registrant has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months as if it were subject to such filing requirements during such period. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 i 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 3 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. 
 Management s Narrative and Analysis of Results of Operations 
 16 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 28 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 28 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 29 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10K Summary 
 35 
 Signatures 
 36 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

This item has been omitted pursuant to the reduced disclosure format as set forth in General Instructions (I) (2) (a) and (c) of Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including but not limited to statements about our estimates, expectations, future developments, plans, objectives, strategies, financial condition, expected impact of regulatory developments and legal proceedings, opportunities in our industries and businesses and other trends and projections for the next fiscal quarter and beyond. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may also be identified by words such as anticipate, intend, plan, goal, seek, believe, estimate, expect, predict, project, continue, future, will, would, could, can, may and similar terms. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-K and represent management s current views and assumptions based on past experience and trends, current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments and other relevant factors. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve potential known and unknown risks, uncertainties, including the impact of the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), and other factors, many of which may be beyond our control and may pose a risk to our operating and financial condition both the near- and long-term. Accordingly, actual performance, events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors including, but not limited to: 
 
 significant risks related to our ability to operate and control our satellites, operational and environmental risks related to our owned and leased satellites, and risks related to our satellites under construction; 
 our ability and the ability of third parties with whom we engage to operate our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including regulatory and competitive considerations; 
 our ability to implement and/or realize benefits of our investments and other strategic initiatives; 
 legal proceedings relating to the BSS Transaction or other matters that could result in substantial costs and material adverse effects to our business; 
 risks related to our foreign operations and other uncertainties associated with doing business internationally; 
 risks related to our dependency upon third-party providers, including supply chain disruptions and inflation; 
 risks related to cybersecurity incidents; and 
 risks related to our human capital resources. 
 
 Other factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations of this Form 10-K and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 All cautionary statements made herein should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they appear. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties described herein and should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We do not assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any forward-looking statements. We assume no responsibility for updating forward-looking information contained or incorporated by reference herein or in any documents we file with the SEC, except as required by law. 
 
 Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described herein or in any documents we file with the SEC occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation (which, together with its subsidiaries, is referred to as HSSC, the Company, we, us and our is a holding company and a subsidiary of EchoStar Corporation EchoStar and parent ). We were formed as a Colorado corporation in March 2011 to facilitate the acquisition by EchoStar (the Hughes Acquisition of Hughes Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries and related financing transactions. In connection with our formation, EchoStar contributed the assets and liabilities of its satellite services business to us, including the principal operating subsidiary of its satellite services business, EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C. A substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of EchoStar is owned beneficially by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and by certain entities established for the benefit of his family. During 2022, Hamid Akhavan joined the Company as its Chief Executive Officer and President. 
 
 We are an industry leader in both networking technologies and services, innovating to deliver the global solutions that power a connected future for people, enterprises and things everywhere. We provide internet services to consumer customers, which include home and small to medium-sized businesses, and satellite and multi-transport technologies and managed network services to enterprise customers, telecommunications providers, aeronautical service providers and government entities, including the U.S. Department of Defense. 
 
 Our industry continues to evolve with the increasing worldwide demand for broadband internet access for information, entertainment and commerce. In addition to fiber and wireless systems, technologies such as geostationary high throughput satellites, low-earth orbit LEO networks, medium-earth orbit MEO systems and multi-transport networks using combinations of technologies are expected to continue to play significant roles in enabling global connectivity, networks and services. We intend to use our expertise, technologies, capital, investments, global presence, relationships and other capabilities to continue to provide broadband internet systems, equipment, networks and managed services for information, the internet-of-things, entertainment, education, remote-connectivity and commerce across industries and communities globally for consumer and enterprise customers. We are closely tracking the developments in next-generation satellite businesses, and we are seeking to utilize our services, technologies, licenses and expertise to find new commercial opportunities for our business. 
 
 All amounts presented in this Form 10-K are expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts and unless otherwise noted. 
 
 BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
 We currently operate in two business segments: our Hughes segment and our EchoStar Satellite Services segment ESS segment ). These business segments are consistent with the way we make decisions regarding the allocation of resources, as well as how operating results are reviewed by our chief operating decision maker CODM ), who is the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Our operations also include various corporate functions (primarily Executive, Treasury, Strategic Development, Human Resources, Information Technology, Finance, Accounting, Real Estate and Legal) and other activities, such as costs incurred in certain satellite development programs and other business development activities, and gains or losses from certain of our investments, that have not been assigned to our business segments. These activities, costs and income, as well as eliminations of intersegment transactions, are accounted for in our Corporate and Other segment in our segment reporting. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 
 We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and accordingly file an annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our public filings are maintained on the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 WEBSITE ACCESS 
 
 Our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, may also be accessed free of charge at http://www.echostar.com, the website of our parent company EchoStar, as soon as reasonably practicable after we have electronically filed such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. 
 
 EchoStar has adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules of the SEC promulgated thereunder. This code of ethics is available on EchoStar s corporate website at http://www.echostar.com. In the event that EchoStar makes changes in, or provides waivers of, the provisions of this code of ethics that the SEC requires EchoStar to disclose, it intends to disclose these events on its website. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. If any of the following events occur or evolve in a way different than expected, our business, financial condition, results of operation, prospects or ability to fund a debt repurchase program, invest capital in or otherwise run our business or execute on our strategic plans could be materially and adversely affected. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 
 We may pursue acquisitions, dispositions, capital expenditures, the development, acquisition and launch of new satellites and other strategic initiatives to complement or expand our business, which may not be successful and we may lose a portion or all of our investment. 
 
 Our success may depend on the existence of, and our ability to capitalize on, opportunities to acquire or develop other businesses or technologies or partner with other companies that could complement, enhance or expand our current business, services or products or that may otherwise offer us growth opportunities. We may pursue a number of strategic initiatives to complement or expand our business. Any such strategic initiatives may involve a high degree of risk, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 the risks associated with developing and constructing new satellites; 
 the diversion of our management s attention away from our existing business onto a strategic initiative; 
 possible adverse effects on our and our targets and partners business, financial condition or operating results during the integration process; 
 exposure to significant financial losses if the strategic initiatives are not successful; 
 the inability to obtain regulatory approvals in the anticipated time frame, or at all; 
 the risks associated with complying with regulations applicable to the acquired or developed business or technologies which may cause us to incur substantial expenses; 
 the disruption of relationships with employees, vendors or customers; and 
 the risks associated with foreign and international operations and/or investments or dispositions. 
 
 New strategic initiatives may require the commitment of significant capital that would otherwise have been directed to investments in our existing businesses. 
 
 We are facing increasing competition which could impact demand for, and result in increasing pricing pressures with respect to, our products and services. 
 
 Our business operates in an intensely competitive, consumer- and enterprise-driven and rapidly changing environment and competes with a growing number of companies that provide similar products and services to consumer and enterprise customers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively compete against our competitors due to their significant resources and operating history. Material competitive risks to our business include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Competition from new or different technology compared to our offerings; 
 Competition from existing or new competitors entering the same markets we serve; 
 Government funding for competing products and services, reducing demand for our products and services; and 
 Competitive pressures to provide enhanced functionality for the same or lower price with each new generation of technology. 
 
 Our business will be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately anticipate our satellite capacity needs or are unable to obtain satellite capacity. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

We have made substantial contractual commitments for satellite capacity based on our existing customer contracts and backlog. If our existing customer contracts were to be terminated prior to their respective expiration dates, we may have insufficient revenue to cover our satellite capacity costs. On the other hand, we may not have sufficient satellite capacity available to meet increases in demand and we may not be able to quickly or easily adjust our capacity to such changes in demand. At present, until the launch and operation of additional satellites that our systems can utilize, there is limited additional capacity in North America and in certain areas of Latin America, including within our own fleet of satellites, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide services to customers and grow our revenue and business. Our business could be adversely affected if we are not able to renew our capacity leases at economically viable rates, or if sufficient capacity is not available to us. 
 
 We are dependent upon third-party providers for components, manufacturing, installation services and customer support services, and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected if any of these third-party providers fail to appropriately deliver the contracted goods or services. 
 
 Our dependence upon third-party providers causes certain risks to our business, including the following: 
 
 Components . A limited number of suppliers manufacture, and in some cases a single supplier manufactures, some of the key components required to build our products. We do not generally maintain long-term agreements with our suppliers or subcontractors for our products. If we change or lose suppliers, we could experience a delay in manufacturing our products. In addition, if either our current suppliers or any new suppliers increase prices beyond what we currently pay, we may be unable to produce our products at competitive prices and we may be unable to satisfy demand from our customers. 
 Commodity Price Risk . Fluctuations in pricing of raw materials can affect our product costs and we may not be able to pass on the increased costs to our customers. Additionally, we are seeing increasing inflationary price pressure and where we have fixed-price customer contracts, we may have to absorb the increased costs. 
 Manufacturing . While we develop and manufacture prototypes for certain of our products, we use contract manufacturers to produce a portion of our hardware. If these contract manufacturers fail to provide products that meet our specifications in a timely manner or at all, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 Installation, customer support, and other services . Some of our products and services utilize a network of third-party service providers. The costs incurred for these services may increase due to a shortage of experienced workers and higher salaries required to recruit and retain a skilled third-party workforce. A decline in levels of service or attention to the needs of our customers could adversely affect our reputation, renewal rates and ability to win and retain customers. In addition, if the agreements for the provision of these services are terminated or not renewed, we could face difficulties replacing these service providers . 
 
 Our foreign operations and investments expose us to risks and restrictions not present in our domestic operations. 
 
 Our sales outside the U.S. accounted for 24.5 , 22.3 and 20.5 of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect our foreign operations to represent a significant and growing portion of our business. Our foreign operations involve varying degrees of risk and uncertainties inherent in doing business abroad. Such risks include: 
 
 Complications in complying with restrictions on foreign ownership and investment and limitations on repatriation of earnings. We may not be permitted to be the sole owner of our operations in some countries and may have to enter into partnership or joint venture relationships. Many foreign legal regimes and/or our contractual arrangements restrict our repatriation of earnings to the U.S. from our subsidiaries and joint venture entities. Applicable law in such foreign countries may also limit our ability to distribute or access our assets or offer our products and services in certain circumstances. In such event, we will not have unrestricted access to the cash flow and assets of our subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
 Regulatory restrictions . Satellite market access, landing rights and terrestrial wireless rights are dependent on the national regulations established by foreign governments and international non- 
 4 

Table of Contents 

governmental bodies. Non-compliance with these requirements may result in the loss of the authorizations and licenses to conduct business in these countries, as well as fines, penalties, or other sanctions. 
 Financial and legal constraints and obligations . Operating pursuant to foreign licenses subjects us to certain financial constraints and obligations, including, but not limited to: (a) tax liabilities that may or may not be dependent on revenue; (b) the regulatory requirements associated with maintaining such licenses, which may be subject to interpretation by foreign courts and regulatory bodies; (c) the burden of creating and maintaining additional entities, branches, facilities and/or staffing in foreign jurisdictions; and (d) regulations requiring that we make certain satellite capacity available for free or available at reduced rates. 
 Compliance with applicable export control laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries . We must comply with all applicable export control and trade sanctions laws and regulations of the U.S. and other countries. A violation any export or trade-related regulations could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar . Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, recessions and currency devaluations have affected, and may in the future affect, revenue, profits and cash earned from our international businesses. 
 Regulations may favor state-owned enterprises or local service providers . Many of the countries in which we conduct business have traditionally had state-owned or state-granted monopolies on telecommunications services that favor an incumbent service provider. We face competition from these favored and entrenched companies in countries that have not liberalized. 
 
 We may not be able to generate cash to meet our debt service needs or fund our operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was 1.5 billion. Our ability to make payments on or to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our operations will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash, we may be forced to take actions such as revising or delaying our strategic plans, reducing or delaying capital expenditures and/or the development, design, acquisition and construction of new satellites, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. We may not be able to implement any of these actions on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
 
 Covenants in our indentures restrict our business in many ways. 
 
 The indentures governing our 5.250 Senior Secured Notes due August 1, 2026 and 6.625 Senior Unsecured Notes due August 1, 2026 contain various covenants, subject to certain exceptions, that limit our ability and/or certain of our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional debt; 
 pay dividends or make distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock; 
 allow to exist certain restrictions on such subsidiaries ability to pay dividends, make distributions, make other payments, or transfer assets; 
 make certain investments; 
 create liens or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 merge or consolidate with another company; and 
 transfer and sell assets. 
 
 Failure to comply with these and certain other financial covenants, if not cured or waived, may result in an event of default under the indentures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. If certain events of default occur and are continuing under the respective indenture, the trustee under that indenture or the requisite holders of the notes under that indenture may declare all such notes to be immediately due and payable and, in the case of the indenture governing our secured notes, could proceed against the collateral that secures the secured notes. If certain other events of default occur, the indentures will 
 5 

Table of Contents 

become immediately due and payable. We and certain of our subsidiaries have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral to secure the 5.250 Senior Secured Notes due August 1, 2026. 
 
 A natural disaster could diminish our ability to provide service to our customers. 
 
 Natural disasters could damage or destroy our ground infrastructure and/or our other or our vendors infrastructure, equipment and facilities, resulting in a disruption of service to our customers, which may adversely affect our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 We rely on key personnel and the loss of their services may negatively affect our businesses. 
 
 We believe that our future success depends to a significant extent upon the performance of Mr. Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and certain other key executives. The loss of Mr. Ergen or certain other key executives, the ability to effectively provide for the succession of our senior management, or the ability of Mr. Ergen or such other key executives to devote sufficient time and effort to our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although some of our key executives may have agreements relating to their equity compensation that limit their ability to work for or consult with competitors, we generally do not have employment agreements with them. To the extent Mr. Ergen is performing services for both DISH Network Corporation DISH and its subsidiaries (together with DISH, DISH Network and us, his attention may be diverted away from our business and therefore adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business growth and customer retention strategies rely in part on the work of technically skilled employees. 
 
 Our response to technological developments depends, to a significant degree, on the work of technically skilled employees. In addition, we have made and will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for new products, services, satellites and related technologies, as well as entry into new business areas. Investments in new technologies, satellites and business areas are inherently dependent on these technically skilled employees as well. Competition for the services of such employees has become more intense as demand for these types of employees grows. We compete with other companies for these employees and although we strive to attract and retain these employees, we may not succeed in these respects. Additionally, if we were to lose certain key technically skilled employees, the loss of knowledge and intellectual capital might have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Restrictions on immigration or increased enforcement of immigration laws could limit our access to qualified and skilled professionals, increase our cost of doing business or otherwise disrupt our operations. 
 
 The success of our business is dependent on our ability to recruit engineers and other professionals, including those who are citizens of other countries. Immigration laws in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate are subject to legislative and regulatory changes, as well as variations in the standards of application and enforcement due to political forces and economic conditions. It is difficult to predict the political and economic events that could affect immigration laws, or the restrictive impact they could have on obtaining or renewing work visas for our professionals. If immigration laws are changed or if new and more restrictive government regulations are enacted or increased, our access to qualified and skilled professionals may be limited. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR SATELLITES 
 
 Our ability to operate and control our satellites is subject to risks related to DISH Network s operation and third-parties operation of satellite operations centers. 
 
 In September 2019, we transferred our satellite operation centers, which are used to monitor and control our satellites, to DISH Network in connection with our 2019 transfer to DISH of our broadband satellite services and 
 6 

Table of Contents 

certain related businesses and assets (the BSS Transaction ). Therefore, we now are subject to the inherent risks of having a related party operate, maintain and manage these satellite operations centers. In addition, certain of our satellites are operated, maintained and managed by third parties. 
 
 Our owned and leased satellites in orbit are subject to significant operational and environmental risks that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites. 
 
 Satellites are subject to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, which have occurred and may occur in the future in our satellites and the satellites of other operators. Any single anomaly could materially and adversely affect our ability to utilize the satellite. Anomalies may also reduce the expected capacity, commercial operation and/or useful life of a satellite, thereby reducing the revenue that could be generated by that satellite, or create additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or back-up satellites or satellite capacity earlier than planned and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to prevent or mitigate the impacts of anomalies in the future. 
 
 Meteoroid events, decommissioned satellites, and increased solar activity also pose a potential threat to all in-orbit satellites. We may be required to perform maneuvers to avoid collisions and these maneuvers may prove unsuccessful or could reduce the useful life of the satellite through the expenditure of fuel to perform these maneuvers. 
 
 Generally, the minimum design life of each of our satellites is 15 years. We can provide no assurance, however, as to the actual operational lives of our satellites, which may be shorter or longer than their design lives. Our ability to earn revenue depends on the continued operation of our satellites, each of which has a limited useful life. 
 
 We generally do not carry in-orbit insurance on our satellites or payloads because we have assessed that the cost of insurance is not economical relative to the risk of failures. If one or more of our in-orbit uninsured satellites or payloads fail, we could be required to record significant impairment charges for the satellite or payload. 
 
 Our satellites under construction, including the EchoStar XXIV satellite, are subject to risks related to construction, technology, regulations and launch that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites, increase costs and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Satellite construction and launch are subject to significant risks, including manufacturing and delivery delays, anomalies, launch failure and incorrect orbital placement. The technologies in our satellite designs are very complex and difficulties in constructing our designs could result in delays in the deployment of our satellites or increased or unanticipated costs. For example, we have seen delays in the delivery calendar for EchoStar XXIV. There can be no assurance that the technologies in our existing satellites or in new satellites that we design, acquire and build will work as we expect, will not become obsolete, that we will realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of our satellite designs or our new satellites, and/or that we will obtain all regulatory approvals required to operate our new or acquired satellites. Launch anomalies and failures can result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement satellites, which can take significant amounts of time, and to obtain other launch opportunities. Such significant delays have and could in the future materially affect our business, our ability to meet regulatory or contractual required milestones, the availability and our use of other or replacement satellite resources and our ability to provide services to customers. In addition, significant delays in a satellite program could give customers who have purchased or reserved capacity on that satellite a right to terminate their service contracts relating to the satellite. We may not be able to accommodate affected customers on other satellites until a replacement satellite is available. In addition, we may not be able to obtain launch or in-orbit insurance on reasonable economic terms or at all. If we do obtain launch or in-orbit insurance, it may not cover the full cost of constructing and launching or replacing a satellite nor fully cover our losses in the event of a launch failure or significant degradation. 
 
 Our use of certain satellites is often dependent on satellite coordination agreements, which may be difficult to obtain. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Satellite operators are required to enter into international spectrum coordination agreements with other affected satellite operators and must be approved by the relevant governments. If a required agreement cannot be concluded, we may have to operate the applicable satellite(s) in a manner that does not cause harmful radio frequency interference with the affected satellite. If we cannot do so, we may have to cease operating such satellite(s) at the affected orbital locations. 
 
 We may face interference from other services sharing satellite spectrum . 
 
 The Federal Communications Commission FCC and other regulators have adopted rules or may adopt rules in the future that require us to share spectrum on a basis with other radio services. There can be no assurance that these operations would not interfere with our operations and adversely affect our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY 
 
 Our future growth depends on growing demand for our services. 
 
 Future demand and effective delivery for our products and services will depend significantly on the growing demand for our services, such as broadband internet connectivity. If the deployment of, or demand for, our services is not as widespread or as rapid as we or our customers expect, our revenue growth will be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our business depends on certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 
 
 We rely on our patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, licenses and other agreements to conduct our business. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement could result in significant monetary liability and require us to change our business practices or limit our ability to compete effectively or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if any such challenges or claims prove to be without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management s attention and resources away from our business. 
 
 Moreover, we rely in part on technologies developed or licensed by third parties. If we are unable to obtain or retain licenses or other required intellectual property rights from these third parties on reasonable terms, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we work with suppliers for the development and manufacture of components that are integrated into our products and our products may contain technologies provided to us by these suppliers. We may have little or no ability to determine in advance whether any such technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others, or whether such suppliers have obtained or continue to obtain the appropriate licenses or other intellectual property rights to use such technology. Our suppliers may not be required to indemnify us in the event that a claim of infringement is asserted against us, or they may be required to indemnify us only up to a maximum amount. Legal challenges to these intellectual property rights may impair our ability to use the products and technologies that we need in order to operate our business and may have a material adverse effect on our business. See further discussion under Item 1. Business Patents and Trademarks and Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences. 
 
 We are involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, audits, consumer claims and governmental and other legal proceedings. Some of these proceedings may raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and can be subject to uncertainties and complexities. The timing of the final resolutions is typically uncertain. Additionally, the possible outcomes of, or resolutions to, these proceedings could include adverse judgments, settlements, injunctions or liabilities, any of which could require substantial payments or have other adverse impacts on our business. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

If our products contain defects, we could be subject to significant costs to correct such defects and our product and network service contracts could be delayed or cancelled, which could adversely affect our revenue. 
 
 The products and the networks we deploy are highly complex, and some may contain defects when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released, despite testing and our quality control procedures. Defects may also occur in components and products that we purchase from third parties. In addition, many of our products and network services are designed to interface with our customers existing networks, each of which has different specifications and utilizes multiple protocol standards. Our products and services must interoperate with the other products and services within our customers networks, as well as with future products and services that might be added to these networks, to meet our customers requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all defects in the products and networks we sell. The occurrence of, and failure to remedy, any defects, errors or failures in our products or network services could materially affect our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY 
 
 The confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our services and products depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and other enabling systems. 
 
 Our systems are vulnerable to damage, intrusion, or disruption from criminal and/or terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, digital denial of service attacks, phishing, or other attempts to injure or maliciously access our systems. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all possibilities. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. 
 
 Our international businesses expose us to additional risks that could harm our business. 
 
 Our international operations continue to grow. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this segment, the different regions and countries in which we operate our businesses outside of the U.S. expose us to increased risks due to different privacy and cyber-related laws in each of these locations. The same cyber-related issue could have different consequences depending on the region or country of occurrence, the laws applicable in each case and the different levels of enforcement by regulatory and governmental authorities in each jurisdiction. These risks include but are not limited to the following: 
 
 a. Data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and our practices could damage our reputation, cause us to incur significant liability, and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. 
 b. Software bugs or defects, security breaches, and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure of our user data which could harm our business reputation. 
 c. Concerns about our practices about the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other data-privacy-related matters, even if unsubstantiated, could harm our reputation and financial condition. Our policies and practices may change over time as expectations regarding privacy and data change. 
 
 We experience cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a consistent basis. 
 
 We have experienced and may experience in the future security issues, whether due to insider error or malfeasance or system errors or vulnerabilities in our or our 3rd parties systems, which could result in substantial legal and financial exposure, government inquiries and enforcement actions, litigation, and unfavorable media coverage. We may be unable to anticipate or detect attacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures. Attacks and security issues could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information. 
 
 Our ongoing investments in security will likely continue to identify new vulnerabilities within our services and products. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cyber-attacks, we are making significant investments to assure that our products are resistant to compromise. As a result of these efforts, we could discover new vulnerabilities within our products and systems that would be undesirable for our users and customers. We may not discover all such vulnerabilities due to the scale of activities on our platforms, or due to other factors, including but not limited to issues outside of our control such as natural disasters/climate change such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, increased storm severity, pandemics like COVID-19 and power loss, and we may be notified of such vulnerabilities via third parties. Any of the foregoing developments may negatively affect user and customer trust, harm our reputation and brands, and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject us to litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetary penalties and damages, distract management s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight. 
 
 Compliance with data privacy laws may be costly, and non-compliance with such laws may result in significant liability. 
 
 The personal information and data we process and store is increasingly subject to data security and data privacy laws of many jurisdictions. These laws impose a significant compliance burden and complying with them has required us to change our business practices or the functionality of our products and services. Privacy laws and regulations are becoming more complex and onerous, and a data privacy breach could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE REGULATION OF OUR BUSINESS 
 
 The risk of non-compliance with laws and regulations, including the risk of changes to laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business is regulated by numerous governmental agencies and other regulatory bodies, both domestically and internationally. Also, our international operations are subject to the laws and regulations of many different jurisdictions that may differ significantly from U.S. laws and regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines or penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Additionally, our ability to operate and grow our business depends on laws and regulations that govern the frequency bands and/or orbital locations we operate in or may operate in in the future. 
 
 These laws and regulations are subject to the administrative and political process and do change from time to time. Our business could suffer a material adverse impact if laws and regulations change and we are not able to adapt to these changes efficiently. 
 
 Our business depends on regulatory authorizations issued by the FCC and state and foreign regulators that can expire, be revoked or modified, and applications for licenses and other authorizations that may not be granted. 
 
 Generally, all licenses granted by the FCC and most other countries are subject to expiration unless renewed by the regulatory agency. Our satellite licenses are currently set to expire at various times. In addition, we occasionally receive special temporary authorizations that are granted for limited periods of time (e.g., 180 days or less) and subject to possible renewal. Generally, our licenses and special temporary authorizations have been renewed on a routine basis, but there can be no assurance that this will continue. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE BSS TRANSACTION 
 
 If the BSS Transaction does not qualify as a tax free distribution and merger under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), then we and/or EchoStar stockholders may be required to pay substantial U.S. federal income taxes and under certain circumstances we may have indemnification obligations to DISH Network. 
 
 The parties to the BSS Transaction received a tax opinion from their respective counsels as to the tax free nature of the transaction. They did not obtain a private letter ruling from the IRS in this respect and instead are relying solely on their respective tax opinions for comfort that the transaction qualifies for tax free treatment for U.S. federal 
 10 

Table of Contents 

income tax purposes under the Code. The failure of any factual representation or assumption to be true, correct and complete, or any undertaking to be fully complied with, could affect the validity of the tax opinions. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OWNERSHIP 
 
 Our parent, EchoStar, is controlled by one principal stockholder who is our Chairman. 
 
 Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, beneficially owns approximately 60 of EchoStar s total equity securities (assuming conversion of only the EchoStar Class B common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Ergen into EchoStar Class A common stock and giving effect to the exercise of options held by Mr. Ergen that are either currently exercisable as of, or may become exercisable within 60 days after, February 6, 2023) and beneficially owns approximately 93 of the total voting power of all classes of shares of EchoStar (assuming no conversion of any EchoStar Class B common stock and giving effect to the exercise of options held by Mr. Ergen that are either currently exercisable as of, or may become exercisable within 60 days after, February 6, 2023). Through his beneficial ownership of EchoStar s equity securities, Mr. Ergen has the ability to elect a majority of EchoStar s directors and to control all other matters requiring the approval of EchoStar s stockholders. As a result of Mr. Ergen s voting power, EchoStar is a controlled company as defined in the NASDAQ listing rules and, therefore, are not subject to NASDAQ requirements that would otherwise require us to have (i) a majority of independent directors; (ii) a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our or EchoStar s executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors; (iv) a compensation committee charter which provides the compensation committee with the authority and funding to retain compensation consultants and other advisors; and/or (v) director nominees selected, or recommended for the EchoStar board s selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors. 
 
 We have potential conflicts of interest with DISH Network due to EchoStar and DISH Network s common ownership. 
 
 A substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of each of EchoStar and DISH is owned beneficially by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and by certain entities established for the benefit of his family. Questions relating to conflicts of interest may arise between DISH Network and us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing relationships. Areas in which conflicts of interest between DISH Network and us could arise include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Cross directorships and stock ownership . Charles W. Ergen serves as the Chairman of our , EchoStar s and DISH s boards of directors, is employed by both EchoStar and DISH and has fiduciary duties to EchoStar s and DISH s shareholders. Mr. Ergen may have actual or apparent conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting each company. For example, there is potential for a conflict of interest when we or DISH Network look at acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for both companies. In addition, our Chairman and certain other EchoStar directors and certain of our officers own DISH stock and options to purchase DISH stock , certain of which they acquired or were granted prior to our spin-off from DISH in 2008 (the Spin-off ). These ownership interests could create actual, apparent or potential conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our company and DISH Network. 
 Intercompany agreements with DISH Network . We and EchoStar and its other subsidiaries have entered into various agreements with DISH Network. Pursuant to certain agreements, we and EchoStar and its other subsidiaries obtain certain products, services and rights from DISH Network; DISH Network obtains certain products, services and rights from us and EchoStar and its other subsidiaries; and we and EchoStar, its other subsidiaries and DISH Network, as applicable, indemnify each other against certain liabilities arising from our respective businesses. Generally, the amounts paid for products and services provided under the agreements are based on cost plus a fixed margin, which varies depending on the nature of the products and services provided. Certain other intercompany agreements cover matters such as tax sharing and our and EchoStar s responsibility for certain liabilities previously undertaken by DISH Network for certain of our and EchoStar s businesses. We and EchoStar and its other subsidiaries have also entered into certain commercial agreements with DISH Network. The terms of certain of these agreements were established while EchoStar was a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH and were not the result of arm s length 
 11 

Table of Contents 

negotiations. The allocation of assets, liabilities, rights, indemnifications and other obligations between DISH Network, EchoStar and its other subsidiaries and/or us under certain agreements we and/or EchoStar and its other subsidiaries have with DISH Network may not necessarily reflect what two unaffiliated parties might have agreed to. Had these agreements been negotiated with unaffiliated third parties, their terms may have been more or less favorable to us or EchoStar and its other subsidiaries. In addition, DISH Network or its affiliates will likely continue to enter into transactions, including joint ventures, acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic initiatives and transactions, with EchoStar or its subsidiaries, us or other affiliates. Although the terms of any such transactions will be established based upon negotiations between us and DISH Network and, when appropriate, subject to approval by committees of our and EchoStar s non-interlocking directors or in certain instances non-interlocking management, there can be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to EchoStar or its subsidiaries, us or our subsidiaries or other affiliates as may otherwise be obtained in negotiations between unaffiliated third parties. 
 Competition for business opportunities . DISH Network may have interests in various companies that have subsidiaries or controlled affiliates that own or operate domestic or foreign services that may compete with services offered by our businesses. From time to time we and EchoStar and its other subsidiaries may pursue the same business opportunities as DISH Network, such as when we participate in auctions for spectrum or orbital slots for our satellites or other business opportunities. In certain auctions, we and DISH Network may be prohibited from participating separately, and cooperating with DISH Network may result in a less favorable outcome for us. 
 
 We may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts of interest with DISH Network and, even if we do so, the resolution may be less favorable to us than if we were dealing with an unaffiliated party. 
 
 We do not have any agreements not to compete with DISH Network. However, many of our potential customers who compete with DISH Network have historically perceived us as a competitor due to our affiliation with DISH Network. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in entering into any commercial relationships with potential customers who are competitors of DISH Network (particularly if we continue to be perceived as affiliated with DISH Network as a result of common ownership, certain shared management services and other arrangements with DISH Network). 
 
 It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to EchoStar s shareholders, because of our and EchoStar s capital structure. 
 
 Certain provisions of EchoStar and our respective articles of incorporation and bylaws, such as a provision that authorizes the issuance of blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our or EchoStar s board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt and EchoStar s capital structure with multiple classes of common stock some of which entitle the holders to multiple votes per share, may discourage delay or prevent a change in control of our company that may be considered favorable. Both we and EchoStar also have a significant amount of authorized and unissued stock under our respective articles of incorporation that would allow our respective boards of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us. In addition, Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, has the power to elect all of EchoStar s directors and control shareholder decisions of EchoStar on matters on which all classes of EchoStar s common stock vote together, and as our parent, EchoStar in turn holds all of our issued and outstanding equity and has the power to elect all of our directors and control shareholder decision on all matters, all of which may make it impractical for any third party to obtain control of us. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC 
 
 Our operations, and those of our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other third parties with whom we conduct business, including regulatory agencies, have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the COVID 19 pandemic. 
 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have disrupted our and our customers , suppliers , vendors and other business partners and investees businesses, and have delayed the manufacture and deployment of our satellites, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

specifically our EchoStar XXIV satellite. Additionally, some regulatory bodies may still have reduced activities which may materially delay the review and/or approval of licenses or authorizations we need to operate our business. We cannot currently estimate or determine the final magnitude of these impacts. 
 
 Additionally, many of our subscribers continue to work remotely or engage in distance learning. These activities have increased the usage on our HughesNet satellite internet service HughesNet service so that there is little or no capacity remaining for subscriber growth in our most popular geographic areas. This limitation on capacity has resulted in our subscribers experiencing slower speeds, which, in turn, has resulted in higher churn. 
 
 We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic and current reports we file with the SEC. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 100 Inverness Terrace East, Englewood, Colorado 80112-5308 and our telephone number is (303) 706-4000. We operate various facilities in the United States and abroad. We believe that our facilities are well maintained and are sufficient to meet our current and projected needs. The following table sets forth certain information concerning our principal properties related to our Hughes segment, our ESS segment, and our Corporate and Other segment as of December 31, 2022. 
 Location 
 Segment(s) 
 Function 
 Owned: 
 Englewood, Colorado ESS/Corporate and Other Corporate headquarters and ESS operations Germantown, Maryland Hughes Hughes corporate headquarters, engineering offices, network operations and shared hubs Griesheim, Germany Hughes/Corporate and Other Shared hub, operations, administrative offices and warehouse Leased: 
 Gilbert, Arizona Hughes Gateways San Diego, California Hughes Engineering and sales offices Englewood, Colorado Hughes Gateways and equipment Gaithersburg, Maryland Hughes Manufacturing and testing facilities and logistics offices Gaithersburg, Maryland Hughes Engineering and administrative offices Southfield, Michigan Hughes Shared hub and regional network management center Las Vegas, Nevada Hughes Shared hub, antennae yards, gateway, backup network operation and control center for Hughes corporate headquarters Cheyenne, Wyoming Hughes/ESS Gateways, equipment and ESS operations Barueri, Brazil Hughes Shared hub Sao Paulo, Brazil Hughes Hughes Brazil corporate headquarters, sales offices and warehouse Bangalore, India Hughes Engineering office and office space Gurgaon, India Hughes Administrative offices, shared hub, operations, warehouse, and development center New Delhi, India Hughes Hughes India corporate headquarters Milton Keynes, United Kingdom Hughes Hughes Europe corporate headquarters and operations 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 19 in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information. As of February 6, 2023, all of our 1,078 issued and outstanding shares of common stock were held by EchoStar. There is currently no established trading market for our common stock. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and as of February 6, 2023, no shares of our preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 
 
 Dividends. On March 17, 2022, our Board of Directors declared and approved payment of a cash dividend on our outstanding common stock to our shareholder and parent, EchoStar, in the amount of 100.0 million. Payment of this dividend was made in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 While we currently do not intend to declare additional dividends on our common stock, we may elect to do so from time to time. Payment of any future dividends will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors the Board of Directors considers appropriate. We currently intend to retain our earnings, if any, to support operations, future growth and expansion. Our ability to declare dividends is affected by the covenants in our indentures. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S NARRATIVE ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations Management s Narrative Analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements. This Management s Narrative Analysis is intended to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. Many of the statements in this Management s Narrative Analysis are forward-looking statements that involve assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are often difficult to predict and beyond our control. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. See Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements of this Form 10-K for further discussion. For a discussion of additional risks, uncertainties and other factors that could impact our results of operations or financial condition, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Further, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K and we undertake no obligation to update them. 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 Overview 
 
 We currently operate in two business segments: our Hughes segment and our ESS segment. Our operations include various corporate functions that have not been assigned to our business segments. These activities, costs and income, as well as eliminations of intersegment transactions, are accounted for in our Corporate and Other segment in our segment reporting. 
 
 All amounts presented in this Management s Narrative Analysis are expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts and unless otherwise noted. 

Hughes Segment 
 
 Our Hughes segment is an industry leader in both networking technologies and services, innovating to deliver the global solutions that power a connected future for people, enterprises and things everywhere. We offer broadband satellite technologies and broadband internet products and services to consumer customers. We offer broadband network technologies, managed services, equipment, hardware, satellite services and communications solutions to government and enterprise customers. 
 
 Our Hughes segment continues to focus its efforts on optimizing financial returns of our existing satellites while planning for new satellite capacity to be launched, leased or acquired. Our consumer revenue growth depends on our success in adding new and retaining existing subscribers, as well as increasing our Average Revenue Per User/subscriber ARPU ). Service and acquisition costs related to ongoing support for our direct and indirect customers and partners are typically impacted most significantly by our growth. The growth of our enterprise and consumer businesses relies heavily on global economic conditions and the competitive landscape for pricing relative to competitors and alternative technologies. In most areas of the U.S. we are nearing or have reached capacity, which has resulted in our consumer subscriber base becoming increasingly limited. Our Latin America consumer subscriber base in certain areas has also become capacity constrained. These constraints are expected to be addressed by the launch of the EchoStar XXIV satellite. 
 
 To date, we have not experienced a material adverse impact from the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the associated sanctions. 
 
 In May 2019, we entered into an agreement with Bharti Airtel Limited BAL and its subsidiary, Bharti Airtel Services Limited (together with BAL, Bharti ), pursuant to which Bharti agreed to contribute its very small aperture terminal VSAT telecommunications services and hardware business in India to Hughes Communications India Private Limited HCIPL and its subsidiaries, our less than wholly owned Indian subsidiaries, that conduct our VSAT services and hardware business in India. On January 4, 2022, this joint venture was formed (the India JV and subsequent to the formation of the India JV, we hold a 67 ownership interest and Bharti holds a 33 ownership interest in HCIPL. The India JV combines the VSAT businesses of both companies to offer flexible and scalable enterprise networking solutions using satellite connectivity for primary transport, back-up and hybrid implementation in India. 
 
 16 

In August 2017, a subsidiary of EchoStar entered into a long-term contract for the design and construction of the EchoStar XXIV satellite, a next-generation, high throughput geostationary satellite. In December 2020, we entered into an agreement with a launch provider for the launch of EchoStar XXIV. The EchoStar XXIV satellite is primarily intended to provide additional capacity for our HughesNet service in North, Central and South America as well as enterprise broadband services. Following delays of over two years, in November 2022 we negotiated an amendment to our contract with the manufacturer to provide for additional compensation for past delays and a realignment of remedies. The contract now provides relief to us on certain payments, including approximately 14.0 million in payments through orbit-raising, and 44.5 million, plus 6 interest on such amounts, in deferred in-orbit incentive payments. Additionally, the contract now requires the payment of additional liquidated damages to us in the event of further delay, and provides for our right to terminate beginning January 1, 2024 if the satellite has not yet been delivered. In addition, the Company and the manufacturer will enter into an agreement under which the Company will provide certain products and/or services during 2023. The EchoStar XXIV satellite is expected to be launched in the second quarter of 2023. Delay in the availability of the EchoStar XXIV satellite could have a material adverse impact on our business operations, future revenues, financial position and prospects, and our planned expansion of satellite broadband services throughout North, South and Central America. Capital expenditures associated with the construction and launch of the EchoStar XXIV satellite are included in our Corporate and Other segment in our segment reporting. 
 
 Our broadband subscribers include customers that subscribe to our HughesNet services in the U.S. and Latin America through retail, wholesale and small/medium enterprise service channels. 
 
 The following table presents our approximate number of broadband subscribers: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 United States 931,000 1,090,000 1,189,000 Latin America 297,000 372,000 375,000 Total broadband subscribers 1,228,000 1,462,000 1,564,000 
 
 The following table presents the approximate number of net subscriber additions for each quarter in 2022: 
 
 For the three months ended December 31 September 30 June 30 March 31 United States (43,000) (46,000) (35,000) (35,000) Latin America (14,000) (15,000) (25,000) (21,000) Total net subscriber additions (57,000) (61,000) (60,000) (56,000) 
 
 Our ability to gain new customers and retain existing customers in the U.S. is being impacted by our capacity limitations as well as competitive pressure from satellite-based competitors and other technologies. For the three months ended December 31, 2022, these factors resulted in lower total subscribers as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 Our ability to gain new customers and retain existing customers in Latin America is also being impacted by adverse economic conditions. In addition, capacity constraints in certain areas limit our ability to add new subscribers. For the three months ended December 31, 2022, the decline in net subscribers was primarily due to more selective customer screening and improved churn as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 We continued to execute our strategy of maximizing financial returns by utilizing capacity for higher economic value enterprise and government applications in Latin America. Continued success of this strategy will further reduce the available capacity for consumer subscribers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Hughes segment had 1.5 billion and 1.4 billion of contracted revenue backlog, respectively, an increase of 7.1 during that period, primarily due to an increase in contracts from our domestic and international customers. Of the total Hughes segment contracted revenue backlog as of December 
 17 

31, 2022, we expect to recognize 461.0 million of revenue in 2023. We define Hughes segment contracted revenue backlog as our expected future revenue under enterprise customer contracts that are non-cancelable, including lease revenue. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually in our second fiscal quarter, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. Goodwill is assessed for impairment at the reporting unit level. Reporting units are identified based on how segment management evaluates the results of segment operations and makes resource allocation decisions to such reporting units. All of our goodwill is assigned to our Hughes segment. We conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill during our second fiscal quarter on a qualitative basis and determined that no adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was then necessary because the fair value exceeded carrying value for our Hughes reporting unit. 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we conducted a quantitative interim test of goodwill for all of our reporting units due to the decline of our stock price since our interim test in the third quarter of 2022. As a result of this interim test, no goodwill impairment was identified. The fair value of the Hughes reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by more than 20 . We concluded that there were no other indicators of impairment for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Given the decline in our stock price during the year ended December 31, 2022, we believe it is reasonably possible that a further sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization would result in all or a significant portion of our goodwill becoming impaired. The impairment of goodwill has no effect on liquidity or capital resources. However, it would result in a material non-cash charge and would materially adversely affect our financial results in the period recognized. 
 
 When estimating the fair value of our Hughes reporting unit, we used a combination of the discounted cash flow and market multiple methodologies. We weighted 50 of the fair value using a discounted cash flow methodology and 50 using a market multiple approach. Although we concluded that recent transactions further supported our estimate of fair value, we gave them no such weight as the discounted cash flow and market multiple methodologies were considered more relevant and more reliable to be used in our fair value estimate. 
 
 In our discounted cash flow methodology, we developed and utilized a range of inputs that we believe to be reasonable and appropriately conservative. These inputs included, but were not limited to, revenue growth, EBITDA margins, capital expenditures, a terminal growth rate and a discount rate. In our market multiple approach, we also utilized what we believe to be a reasonable and appropriately conservative range of revenue and EBITDA multiples. 

ESS Segment 
 
 Our ESS segment provides satellite services on a full-time and/or occasional-use basis to U.S. government service providers, internet service providers, broadcast news organizations, content providers and private enterprise customers. We operate our ESS business using primarily the EchoStar IX satellite and the EchoStar 105/SES-11 satellite and related infrastructure. Revenue in our ESS segment depends largely on our ability to continuously make use of our available satellite capacity with existing customers and our ability to enter into commercial relationships with new customers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our ESS segment had contracted revenue backlog of 22.3 million and 10.4 million, respectively, an increase of 114.4 during that period, primarily due to an increase in satellite service contracts with existing and new customers. Of the total ESS segment contracted revenue backlog as of December 31, 2022, we expect to recognize 16.5 million of revenue in 2023. We define contracted revenue backlog for our ESS segment as contracted future satellite lease revenue. 

Corporate and Other Segment 
 
 Satellite Anomalies and Impairments 
 
 Our satellites may experience anomalies from time to time, some of which may have a significant adverse effect on their remaining useful lives, the commercial operation of the satellites or our operating results or financial position. We are not aware of any anomalies with respect to our owned or leased satellites that have had any such significant 
 18 

adverse effect during the year ended December 31, 2022. There can be no assurance, however, that anomalies will not have a significant adverse effect in the future. In addition, there can be no assurance that we can recover critical transmission capacity in the event one or more of our satellites were to fail. 

Cybersecurity 
 
 We are not aware of any cyber-incidents with respect to our owned or leased satellites or other networks, equipment or systems that have had a material adverse effect on our business, costs, operations, prospects, results of operation or financial position during the year ended December 31, 2022 and through February 22, 2023. There can be no assurance, however, that any such incident can be detected or thwarted or will not have such a material adverse effect in the future. 

EXPLANATION OF KEY METRICS AND OTHER ITEMS 
 
 Services and other revenue . Services and other revenue primarily includes the sales of consumer and enterprise broadband services, maintenance and other contracted services, revenue associated with satellite and transponder leases and services, satellite uplinking/downlinking, subscriber wholesale service fees for the HughesNet service, professional services and facilities rental revenue. 
 
 Equipment revenue . Equipment revenue primarily includes broadband equipment and networks sold to customers in our consumer and enterprise markets. 
 
 Cost of sales - services and other . Cost of sales - services and other primarily includes the cost of broadband services provided to our consumer and enterprise customers, maintenance and other contracted services, costs associated with satellite and transponder leases and services, professional services and facilities rental. 
 
 Cost of sales - equipment . Cost of sales - equipment consists primarily of the cost of broadband equipment and networks provided to customers in our consumer and enterprise markets. It also includes certain other costs associated with the deployment of equipment to our customers. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily include selling and marketing costs and employee-related costs associated with administrative services (e.g., information systems, human resources and other services), including bad debt expense and stock-based compensation expense. It also includes professional fees (e.g. legal, information systems and accounting services) and other expenses associated with facilities and administrative services. 
 
 Research and development expenses . Research and development expenses primarily include costs associated with the design and development of products to support future growth and provide new technology and innovation to our customers. 
 
 Impairment of long-lived assets . Impairment of long-lived assets includes our impairment losses related to our property and equipment, goodwill, regulatory authorizations and other intangible assets. 
 
 Interest income, net . Interest income, net primarily includes interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities, and other investments including premium amortization and discount accretion on debt securities. 
 
 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized . Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized primarily includes interest expense associated with our debt and finance lease obligations (net of capitalized interest), amortization of debt issuance costs and interest expense related to certain legal proceedings. 
 
 Gains (losses) on investments, net . Gains (losses) on investments, net primarily includes changes in fair value of our marketable equity securities and other investments for which we have elected the fair value option. It may also include realized gains and losses on the sale or exchange of our available-for-sale debt securities, other-than-temporary impairment losses on our available-for-sale securities, realized gains and losses on the sale or exchange of equity securities and debt securities without readily determinable fair value and adjustments to the carrying 
 19 

amount of investments in unconsolidated affiliates and marketable equity securities resulting from impairments and observable price changes. 
 
 Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net . Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net includes earnings or losses from our investments accounted for using the equity method. 
 
 Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net . Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net include gains and losses resulting from the re-measurement of transactions denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 Other, net . Other, net primarily includes dividends received from our marketable investment securities and other non-operating income and expense items that are not appropriately classified elsewhere in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA . EBITDA is defined as Net income (loss) excluding Interest income and expense, net, Income tax benefit (provision), net, Depreciation and amortization, and Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests. EBITDA is not a measure determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). This non-GAAP measure is reconciled to Net income (loss) in our discussion of Results of Operations section below. EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income, net income or any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA is used by our management as a measure of operating efficiency and overall financial performance for benchmarking against our peers and competitors. Management believes EBITDA provides meaningful supplemental information regarding the underlying operating performance of our business and is appropriate to enhance an overall understanding of our financial performance. Management also believes that EBITDA is useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate the performance of companies in our industry. 
 
 Subscribers. Subscribers include customers that subscribe to our HughesNet service, through retail, wholesale and small/medium enterprise service channels. 
 20 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table presents our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 For the year ended December 31, Variance Statements of Operations Data (1) 
 2022 2021 Amount Revenue: Services and other revenue 1,629,194 1,724,299 (95,105) (5.5) Equipment revenue 374,149 270,427 103,722 38.4 Total revenue 2,003,343 1,994,726 8,617 0.4 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales - services and other 562,849 544,915 17,934 3.3 of total services and other revenue 34.5 31.6 Cost of sales - equipment 292,290 231,960 60,330 26.0 of total equipment revenue 78.1 85.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 429,877 422,235 7,642 1.8 of total revenue 21.5 21.2 Research and development expenses 32,810 31,777 1,033 3.3 of total revenue 1.6 1.6 Depreciation and amortization 431,065 464,146 (33,081) (7.1) Impairment of long-lived assets 210 (210) (100.0) Total costs and expenses 1,748,891 1,695,243 53,648 3.2 Operating income (loss) 254,452 299,483 (45,031) (15.0) Other income (expense): Interest income, net 30,812 8,146 22,666 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized (92,386) (126,499) 34,113 (27.0) Gains (losses) on investments, net 245 2,103 (1,858) (88.3) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net (5,703) (5,347) (356) 6.7 Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net 6,016 (11,494) 17,510 (152.3) Other, net (85) 1,336 (1,421) (106.4) Total other income (expense), net (61,101) (131,755) 70,654 (53.6) Income (loss) before income taxes 193,351 167,728 25,623 15.3 Income tax benefit (provision), net 
 (54,441) (57,111) 2,670 (4.7) Net income (loss) 138,910 110,617 28,293 25.6 Less: Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 10,503 10,154 349 3.4 Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC 149,413 120,771 28,642 23.7 Other data: EBITDA (2) 
 696,493 760,381 (63,888) (8.4) Subscribers, end of period 1,228,000 1,462,000 (234,000) (16.0) 
 Percentage is not meaningful. 
 (1) An explanation of our key metrics is included in Explanation of Key Metrics and Other Items. 
 (2) A reconciliation of EBITDA to Net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP measure in our Consolidated Financial Statements, is included in Results of Operations. For further information on our use of EBITDA, see Explanation of Key Metrics and Other Items. 
 
 21 

The following discussion relates to our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 
 Services and other revenue . Services and other revenue totaled 1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 95.1 million, or 5.5 , as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to our Hughes segment related to lower sales of broadband services to our consumer customers of 103.1 million, partially offset by higher sales of broadband services to our enterprise customers of 5.3 million and to our mobile satellite system and other customers of 4.5 million. Our ESS segment increased by 2.9 million. These variances reflect an estimated negative impact of exchange rate fluctuations of 5.9 million, primarily attributable to our enterprise customers. 
 
 Equipment revenue. Equipment revenue totaled 374.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 103.7 million, or 38.4 , as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to: i) increases in hardware sales to our enterprise customers of 102.6 million mainly associated with a certain customer in North America and to international customers, and ii) increases on our hardware sales to our mobile satellite system customers of 6.6 million, partially offset by decreases in hardware sales of 5.5 million to our consumer customers. 
 
 Cost of sales - services and other . Cost of sales - services and other totaled 562.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 17.9 million, or 3.3 , as compared to 2021. The increase was attributable to a non-recurring decrease in a certain international regulatory fee of 4.5 million in 2021 and increases in cost of services provided to our consumer and enterprise customers, mainly related to service delivery expenses, such as field services and customer care. 
 
 Cost of sales - equipment. Cost of sales - equipment totaled 292.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 60.3 million, or 26.0 , as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the corresponding increase in equipment revenue and change in product mix. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses totaled 429.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 7.6 million, or 1.8 , as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in: i) other general and administrative expenses of 18.3 million, ii) bad debt expense of 7.2 million primarily due to the recovery of bad debt reserves in 2021 and iii) legal expenses of 0.8 million, offset by increases in sales and marketing expenses of 18.7 million. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses totaled 431.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 33.1 million, or 7.1 , as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to: i) decreases in other property and equipment depreciation expense of 27.7 million, ii) decreases in our satellite depreciation of 8.9 million, mainly related to our SPACEWAY 3 satellite which was fully depreciated at the end of the first quarter of 2021, and iii) decreases in amortization of intangibles of 2.1 million. These decreases were partially offset by increases in amortization of our capitalized software of 5.7 million. 
 
 Interest income, net . Interest income, net totaled 30.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 22.7 million, as compared to 2021, primarily attributable to increases in the yield on our marketable investment securities and an increase in our marketable investment securities average balance. 
 
 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized . Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, totaled 92.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 34.1 million, or 27.0 , as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of 30.8 million in interest expense and the amortization of deferred financing cost as a result of the repurchases and maturity of our 7 5/8 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2021 and an increase of 2.7 million in capitalized interest relating to the EchoStar XXIV satellite program. 
 
 Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net. Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net totaled 6.0 million in gains for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 11.5 million in losses for the year ended December 31, 2021, a positive change of 17.5 million. The change was due to the net impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations of certain foreign currencies during the period, primarily related to the Brazilian Real, Indian Rupee, and the European Euro. 
 
 22 

Income tax benefit (provision), net . Income tax benefit (provision), net was (54.4) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to (57.1) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective income tax rate was 28.2 and 34.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The variations in our effective tax rate from the U.S. federal statutory rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily due to excluded foreign losses where the Company carries a full valuation allowance, and the impact of state and local taxes. The variations in our current year effective tax rate from the U.S. federal statutory rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily due to excluded foreign losses where the Company carries a full valuation allowance and the impact of state and local taxes. 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC. The following table reconciles the change in Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC: 
 Amounts 
 Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC for the year ended December 31, 2021 120,771 Decrease (increase) in interest expense, net of amounts capitalized 34,113 Increase (decrease) in interest income, net 22,666 Increase (decrease) in foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net 17,510 Decrease (increase) in income tax benefit (provision), net 2,670 Decrease (increase) in net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 349 Decrease (increase) in equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net (356) Increase (decrease) in other, net (1,421) Increase (decrease) in gains (losses) on investments, net (1,858) Increase (decrease) in operating income (loss), including depreciation and amortization (45,031) Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC for the year ended December 31, 2022 149,413 
 
 EBITDA. EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and is described under Explanation of Key Metrics and Other Items section. The following table reconciles EBITDA to Net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP measure in our Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 For the year ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 Amount Net income (loss) 138,910 110,617 28,293 25.6 Interest income, net (30,812) (8,146) (22,666) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized 92,386 126,499 (34,113) (27.0) Income tax provision (benefit), net 54,441 57,111 (2,670) (4.7) Depreciation and amortization 431,065 464,146 (33,081) (7.1) Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 10,503 10,154 349 3.4 EBITDA 696,493 760,381 (63,888) (8.4) Percentage is not meaningful. 
 
 23 

The following table reconciles the change in EBITDA: 
 Amounts 
 EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2021 760,381 Increase (decrease) in foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net 17,510 Decrease (increase) in net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 349 Decrease (increase) in equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net (356) Increase (decrease) in other, net (1,421) Increase (decrease) in gains (losses) on investments, net (1,858) Increase (decrease) in operating income (loss), excluding depreciation and amortization (78,112) EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 696,493 
 
 Segment Operating Results and Capital Expenditures 
 
 The following tables present our total revenue, capital expenditures and EBITDA by segment for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Hughes ESS Corporate and Other Consolidated Total For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Total revenue 1,966,587 20,533 16,223 2,003,343 Capital expenditures 239,403 239,403 EBITDA 732,929 14,416 (50,852) 696,493 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Total revenue 1,956,226 17,679 20,821 1,994,726 Capital expenditures 296,303 296,303 EBITDA 781,824 9,185 (30,628) 760,381 
 
 Hughes Segment 
 For the years ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 Amount Total revenue 1,966,587 1,956,226 10,361 0.5 Capital expenditures 239,403 296,303 (56,900) (19.2) EBITDA 732,929 781,824 (48,895) (6.3) 
 
 Total revenue was 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 10.4 million, or 0.5 , as compared to 2021. Services and other revenue decreased primarily due to lower sales of broadband services to our consumer customers of 103.1 million, partially offset by higher sales of broadband services to our enterprise customers of 5.3 million and to our mobile satellite system and other customers of 4.5 million. Equipment revenue increased primarily due to: i) increases in hardware sales to our enterprise customers of 102.6 million mainly associated with a certain customer in North America and to international customers, and ii) increases on our hardware sales to our mobile satellite system customers of 6.6 million, partially offset by decreases in hardware sales of 5.5 million to our consumer customers. These variances reflect an estimated negative impact of exchange rate fluctuations of 6.7 million, primarily attributable to our enterprise customers. 
 
 Capital expenditures were 239.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 56.9 million, or 19.2 , as compared to 2021, primarily due to decreases in expenditures associated with our consumer business, and decreases in expenditures related to the construction of our satellite-related ground infrastructure. 
 
 24 

The following table reconciles the change in the Hughes Segment EBITDA: 
 Amounts EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2021 781,824 Increase (decrease) in foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net 17,437 Decrease (increase) in net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 349 Decrease (increase) in equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 39 Increase (decrease) in gains (losses) on investments, net (1,883) Increase (decrease) in other, net (3,341) Increase (decrease) in operating income (loss), excluding depreciation and amortization (61,496) EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 732,929 
 
 ESS Segment 
 For the years ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 Amount Total revenue 20,533 17,679 2,854 16.1 EBITDA 14,416 9,185 5,231 57.0 
 
 Total revenue was 20.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 2.9 million, or 16.1 , compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in transponder services provided to third parties. 
 
 EBITDA was 14.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.2 million, or 57.0 , as compared to 2021, primarily due to the increase in overall ESS segment revenue and lower expenses. 
 
 Corporate and Other Segment 
 For the years ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 Amount Total revenue 16,223 20,821 (4,598) (22.1) EBITDA (50,852) (30,628) (20,224) 66.0 
 
 The following table reconciles the change in the Corporate and Other Segment EBITDA: 
 Amounts EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2021 (30,628) Increase (decrease) in other, net 1,937 Increase (decrease) in foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net 74 Increase (decrease) in gains (losses) on investments, net 26 Decrease (increase) in equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net (394) Increase (decrease) in operating income (loss), excluding depreciation and amortization (21,867) EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 (50,852) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market Risks Associated with Financial Instruments and Foreign Currency 
 
 Our investments and debt are exposed to market risks, discussed below. 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Investment Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities had a fair value of 1.5 billion. Of this amount, a total of 1.5 billion was invested in: (a) cash; (b) commercial paper and corporate notes with an overall average maturity of less than one year and rated in one of the four highest rating categories by at least two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations; (c) debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies; and/or (d) instruments with similar risk, duration and credit quality characteristics to the commercial paper and corporate obligations described above. The primary purpose of these investing activities has been to preserve principal until the cash is required to, among other things, fund operations, make strategic investments and expand the business. Consequently, the size of this portfolio fluctuates significantly as cash is received and used in our business. The value of this portfolio may be negatively impacted by credit losses; however, this risk is mitigated through diversification that limits our exposure to any one issuer. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 A change in interest rates would not affect the fair value of our cash, or materially affect the fair value of our cash equivalents due to their maturities of less than 90 days. A change in interest rates would affect the fair value of our current marketable debt securities portfolio; however, we normally hold these investments to maturity. Based on our cash, cash equivalents and current marketable debt securities investment portfolio of 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 10 change in average interest rates during 2022 would not have had a material impact on the fair value of our cash, cash equivalents and debt securities portfolio due to the limited duration of our investments. 
 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and current marketable debt securities had an average annual rate of return for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 2.15 . A change in interest rates would affect our future annual interest income from this portfolio, since funds would be re-invested at different rates as the instruments mature. A hypothetical 10 decrease in average interest rates during 2022 would have resulted in a decrease of 2.6 million in annual interest income. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 Our ability to realize value from our strategic investments in companies that are privately held depends on the success of those companies businesses and their ability to obtain sufficient capital to execute their business plans. Because private markets are not as liquid as public markets, there is also increased risk that we will not be able to sell these investments, or that when we sell them, we will not be able to recover our investment. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Our international business is conducted in a variety of foreign currencies with our largest exposures being to the Brazilian real, the Indian rupee, European euro and the British pound. Transactions in foreign currencies are converted into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect on the dates of the transactions. This exposes us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our objective in managing our exposure to foreign currency changes is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, primarily resulting from loans to foreign subsidiaries in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, we may enter into foreign currency forward contracts, or take other measures, to mitigate risks associated with foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities, commitments and anticipated foreign currency transactions.. As of December 31, 2022, we had foreign currency forward contracts with a notional amount of 8.3 million in place to partially mitigate foreign currency exchange risk. The estimated fair values of the foreign currency contracts were not material as of December 31, 2022. The impact of a hypothetical 10 adverse change 
 26 

Table of Contents 

in exchange rates on the carrying amount of the net assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries during 2022 would have resulted in an estimated loss to the cumulative translation adjustment of 50.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 We generally do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes and we generally do not apply hedge accounting treatment to our derivative financial instruments. We evaluate our derivative financial instruments from time to time but there can be no assurance that we will not enter into additional foreign currency forward contracts, or take other measures, in the future to mitigate our foreign currency exchange risk. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K such that the information required to be disclosed in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We continue to review our internal control over financial reporting and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing its effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Financial Results 
 
 On February 22, 2023, EchoStar issued a press release (the Press Release announcing its financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022. A copy of the Press Release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1. The foregoing information, including the exhibit related thereto, is furnished in response to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as otherwise expressly stated in any such filing. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 KPMG LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. EchoStar s board of directors, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in our best interests. 
 
 Fees Paid to KPMG LLP 
 
 The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by KPMG LLP on behalf of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in full dollar amounts: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 2,133,489 2,050,883 Audit-related fees (2) 38,523 1,907 Total audit and audited related fees 2,172,012 2,052,790 Tax fees (3) 39,010 8,625 Total fees 2,211,022 2,061,415 
 (1) Consists of fees for the audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, review of our unaudited financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and fees in connection with statutory and other audits of our foreign subsidiaries. 
 (2) Consists of fees for assurance and other services that are provided in connection with the issuance of consents, comfort letters, certifications, compliance with XBRL tagging, and professional consultations with respect to accounting issues or matters that are non-recurring in nature. 
 (3) Consists of fees for tax consultation and tax compliance services. 
 
 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 EchoStar s Audit Committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation, retaining, and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. EchoStar s Audit Committee has established a process regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 Requests are submitted to EchoStar s Audit Committee in one of the following ways: 
 
 Request for approval of services at a meeting of EchoStar s Audit Committee; or 
 Request for approval of services by members of EchoStar s Audit Committee acting by written consent. 
 The request may be made with respect to either specific services or a type of service for predictable or recurring services. All of the fees paid by us to KPMG LLP for services for 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by EchoStar s Audit Committee. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 Page (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 (2) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between EchoStar Corporation, EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C., Broadband Acquisition Corporation and Hughes Communications, Inc. dated as of February 13, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Hughes Communications Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 15, 2011, Commission File No. 1-33040). 
 2.2 
 Master Transaction Agreement by and among DISH Network Corporation, BSS Merger Sub Inc., EchoStar Corporation, and EchoStar BSS Corporation, dated as of May 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, filed August 8, 2019, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 3.1(a) 
 Articles of Incorporation of EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation), dated as of March 16, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-179121). 
 3.1(b) 
 Articles of Amendment of EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation), dated as of October 26, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-179121). 
 3.1(c) 
 Articles of Amendment of Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, dated as of December 30, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(c) to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed February 21, 2014, Commission File No. 333-179121. 
 3.1(d) 
 Articles of Amendment of Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, dated as of January 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(d) to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed February 21, 2014, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 3.1(e) 
 Articles of Amendment of Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, dated as of February 28, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed May 9, 2014, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 3.1(f) 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, dated as of March 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 32 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 6, 2017, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of EH Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-179121). 
 4.1 
 Security Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2011, among EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation), the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 9, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 4.2 
 Indenture, relating to the 5.250 Senior Secured Notes, dated as of July 27, 2016, among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and successor collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2016, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 4.3 
 Indenture, relating to the 6.625 Senior Unsecured Notes, dated as of July 27, 2016, among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2016, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 4.4 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2016, among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2016, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 4.5 
 Additional Secured Party Joinder, dated as of July 27, 2016, among U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and successor collateral agent, and Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2016, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 4.6 
 Form of 5.250 Senior Secured Note due 2026 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2). 
 4.7 
 Form of 6.625 Senior Unsecured Note due 2026 (included as part of Exhibit 4.3). 
 4.8 
 Supplemental Indenture relating to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s 5.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated March 23, 2017, by and among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors and the supplemental guarantor listed on the signature pages thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and successor collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed April 6, 2017, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 4.9 
 Supplemental Indenture relating to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s 6.625 Senior Notes due 2026, dated as of March 23, 2017, by and among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors and the supplemental guarantor listed on the signature pages thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed April 6, 2017, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 4.10 
 Joinder Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2017, to the Security Agreement dated as of June 8, 2011, by and between HNS Americas, L.L.C., HNS Americas II, L.L.C. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed February 22, 2018, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 4.11 
 Second Supplemental Indenture relating to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s 5.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated August 10, 2017, by and among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors and the supplemental guarantor listed on the signature pages thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and successor collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed February 22, 2018, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 4.12 
 Second Supplemental Indenture relating to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s 6.625 Senior Notes due 2026, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors and the supplemental guarantor listed on the signature pages thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed February 22, 2018, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 4.13 
 Joinder Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2019, to the Security Agreement dated as of June 8, 2011, by and between EchoStar BSS Corporation, EchoStar FSS L.L.C. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, filed August 8, 2019, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 4.14 
 Third Supplemental Indenture relating to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s 5.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated June 12, 2019, by and among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors and the supplemental guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and successor collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, filed August 8, 2019, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 4.15 
 Third Supplemental Indenture relating to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s 6.625 Senior Notes due 2026, dated as of June 12, 2019, by and among Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, the guarantors and the supplemental guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, filed August 8, 2019, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 
 10.1 
 Form of Tax Sharing Agreement between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 1 of EchoStar Corporation s Form 10, filed December 12, 2007, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.2 
 Amended and Restated EchoStar Corporation 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to EchoStar Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14, filed September 18, 2014, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Hughes Communications, Inc., filed June 22, 2006, (Commission File No. 000-51784)). 
 10.4 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan Executive or Director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, filed November 6, 2015, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.5 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (1999) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed February 24, 2016, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.6 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan Employee (2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed February 24, 2016, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10.7 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan Executive (2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed February 24, 2016, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10.8 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan Employee (2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed February 24, 2016, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10.9 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan Executive (2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed February 24, 2016, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan Executive or Director (2011) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed February 24, 2016, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10.11 
 EchoStar Corporation 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to EchoStar Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14, filed March 23, 2017, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.12 
 Amended and Restated EchoStar Corporation 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to EchoStar Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14, filed March 23, 2017, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.13 
 Amendment No. 1 to EchoStar Corporation 2017 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated October 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 3, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 10.1 4 
 EchoStar Non-Qualified Plan -- Executive Plan and Adoption Agreement, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed August 9, 2017, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.1 5 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the EchoStar Corporation 2017 Stock Incentive Plan - Employee (2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed August 9, 2017, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.1 5 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the EchoStar Corporation 2017 Stock Incentive Plan - Executive (2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed August 9, 2017, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.1 7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the EchoStar Corporation 2017 Stock Incentive Plan - Executive (2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed August 9, 2017, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10.18 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the EchoStar Corporation 2017 Stock Incentive Plan Employee (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 3, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 10.19 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the EchoStar Corporation 2017 Stock Incentive Plan Executive (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 3, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.20 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement for the EchoStar Corporation 2017 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 3, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 10.21 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the EchoStar Corporation 2017 Stock Incentive Plan Executive (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 3, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 10.22 
 Offer Letter to Hamid Akhavan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 22, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 10.23 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Hamid Akhavan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed May 5, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 10.24 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Hamid Akhavan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed May 5, 2022, Commission File No. 001-33807) 
 10. 25 
 Letter Agreement between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation, dated August 3, 2018, amending that certain Form of Tax Sharing Agreement between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hughes Satellite System Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 2018, filed November 8, 2018, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 
 10. 26 
 Amendment to EchoStar Non-Qualified Plan-Executive Plan and Adoption Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2018, filed February 21, 2019, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10. 27 
 Amended and Restated EchoStar Corporation Executive Officer Bonus Incentive Plan, dated as of April 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, filed August 8, 2019, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10.2 8 
 Amendment to EchoStar Non-Qualified Plan Executive Plan and Adoption Agreement, dated October 21, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed November 5, 2020, Commission File No. 333-179121). 
 10.2 9 
 Amendment No. 1 to EchoStar Corporation 2017 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to EchoStar Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed March 17, 2021, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 10. 30 
 Second Amended and Restated EchoStar Corporation Executive Officer Bonus Incentive Plan, dated as of November 2, 2021. 
 31.1 (H) 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 32.1 (H) 
 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 
 99.1 (I) 
 Press release dated February 22, 2023 issued by EchoStar Corporation regarding financial results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2022. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 
 (H) Filed herewith. 
 (I) Furnished herewith. 
 Incorporated by reference. 
 Constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and regulations regarding confidential treatment. 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. We agree to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request, subject to our right to request confidential treatment of any requested schedule or exhibit. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION By: /s/ Hamid Akhavan Hamid Akhavan Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Hamid Akhavan Chief Executive Officer, President and Director February 22, 2023 Hamid Akhavan (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Jeffrey S. Boggs Interim Principal Accounting Officer February 22, 2023 Jeffrey S. Boggs /s/ Charles W. Ergen 
 Chairman February 22, 2023 Charles W. Ergen /s/ Dean A. Manson 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel February 22, 2023 Dean A. Manson Secretary and Director 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Page Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholder and the Board of Directors 
 Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholder s equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Sufficiency of audit evidence over certain Hughes segment revenue 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reported 1,966,587,000 in total revenue for the Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 1,592,438,000 and 374,149,000 was related to total services and other revenue and certain equipment related revenue, respectively. The Hughes segment provides broadband satellite technologies and broadband internet services to consumer 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 customers, and broadband network technologies, managed services, equipment, hardware, satellite services, and communications solutions to consumer and enterprise customers. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over certain Hughes segment revenue as a critical audit matter. Specifically, a high degree of auditor judgment was required to evaluate the nature and extent of audit evidence obtained related to the total services and other revenue and certain equipment related revenue of the Hughes segment. IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge were required to assess the multiple information technology (IT) applications, data interfaces, and procedures used to initiate, process, and record transactions. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls, including controls related to the multiple IT applications, data interfaces, and procedures used to initiate, process, and record transactions. We assessed the recorded amounts by sampling transactions and comparing the amounts recognized for consistency with underlying documentation, including contracts or payment and transaction support. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing IT applications used by the Company in its revenue recognition process, and configuration and interface controls over the transfer of relevant data between systems used in the revenue recognition processes. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of the procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 February 22, 2023 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable investment securities Trade accounts receivable and contract assets, net Other current assets, net Total current assets Non-current assets: Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Regulatory authorizations, net Other intangible assets, net Other investments, net Other non-current assets, net Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholder's Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Long-term debt, net Deferred tax liabilities, net Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Shareholder's equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Accumulated earnings (losses) Total Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation shareholder's equity Non-controlling interests Total shareholder's equity Total liabilities and shareholder's equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Services and other revenue Equipment revenue Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of sales - services and other (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) Cost of sales - equipment (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Total costs and expenses Operating income (loss) Other income (expense): Interest income, net Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) Gains (losses) on investments, net ) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net ) ) ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net ) Other, net ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes Income tax benefit (provision), net ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Other ) ) Amounts reclassified to net income (loss): Realized losses (gains) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HSSC ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Earnings (Losses) Non-controlling Interests Total Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of accounting changes ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of equity and contribution of assets pursuant to the Yahsat JV formation ) Contribution by non-controlling interest holder Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other, net ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation Contribution by non-controlling interest holder Dividend paid to EchoStar ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of equity and contribution of assets pursuant to the India JV formation ) Dividend paid to EchoStar ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net income (loss) ) Other, net Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows provided by (used for) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Losses (gains) on investments, net ) ) Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates, net Foreign currency transaction losses (gains), net ) ) Deferred tax provision (benefit), net ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities, net: Trade accounts receivable and contract assets, net ) ) ) Other current assets, net Trade accounts payable ) ) Contract liabilities ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Non-current assets and non-current liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable investment securities ) ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable investment securities Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Expenditures for externally marketed software ) ) ) Sales of other investments India JV formation ) Dividend received from unconsolidated affiliate Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) 

HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase and maturity of the 2021 Senior Unsecured Notes ) Payment of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Payment of in-orbit incentive obligations ) ) ) Contribution by non-controlling interest holder Dividend paid to EchoStar ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 
 
 business segments: 
 
 Hughes segment which provides broadband satellite technologies and broadband internet products and services to consumer customers. We provide broadband network technologies, managed services, equipment, hardware, satellite services and communications solutions to government and enterprise customers. We also design, provide and install gateway and terminal equipment to customers for other satellite systems. In addition, we design, develop, construct and provide telecommunication networks comprising satellite ground segment systems and terminals to mobile system operators and our enterprise customers. 
 Echostar Satellite Services segment ESS segment which provides satellite services on a full-time and/or occasional-use basis to U.S. government service providers, internet service providers, broadcast news organizations, content providers and private enterprise customers. We operate our ESS business using primarily the EchoStar IX satellite and the EchoStar 105/SES-11 satellite and related infrastructure. Revenue in our ESS segment depends largely on our ability to continuously make use of our available satellite capacity with existing customers and our ability to enter into commercial relationships with new customers. 
 
 Our operations also include various corporate functions (primarily Executive, Treasury, Strategic Development, Human Resources, Information Technology, Finance, Accounting, Real Estate and Legal) and other activities, such as costs incurred in certain satellite development programs and other business development activities, and gains or losses from certain of our investments, that have not been assigned to our business segments. These activities, costs and income, as well as eliminations of intersegment transactions, are accounted for in Corporate and Other segment in our segment reporting. We also divide our operations by primary geographic market as follows: (i) North America (the U.S. and its territories, Mexico, and Canada); (ii) South and Central America and (iii) Other (Asia, Africa, Australia, Europe, India, and the Middle East). Refer to Note 20. Segment Reporting for further detail . 

NOTE 2. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-13 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-14 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-15 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-16 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

. Repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense when incurred. 

impairment to date. 

F-18 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-19 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

million to Accumulated earnings (losses) as of January 1, 2020. Based on this election, we did not restate our comparative Consolidated Financial Statements and they continue to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for the periods before January 1, 2020. 
 
 Financial Impact of Adoption. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) Other current assets, net Other non-current assets, net Total assets ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) Accumulated earnings (losses) ) Non-controlling interests ) Total shareholder's equity ) Total liabilities and shareholder's equity ) 
 
 The application of ASC 326 requirements did not materially affect our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 3. 

Leasing Total trade accounts receivable Contract assets Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total trade accounts receivable and contract assets, net Contract liabilities: Current Non-current Total contract liabilities 
 
 The following table presents the revenue recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations that was previously included within contract liabilities: 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 

Credit losses (1) 
 Deductions ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Balance at end of period 
 (1) The impact of adopting ASC 326 on January 1, 2020 was a net decrease to our allowance for doubtful accounts largely driven by a million reclassification to Other current assets, net and Other non-current assets, net , offset by a million adjustment to Accumulated earnings (losses) . 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Additions Amortization expense ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at end of period 

billion. Performance obligations expected to be satisfied within and greater than one year are and , respectively. This amount and percentages exclude agreements with consumer customers in our Hughes segment, our leasing arrangements and agreements with certain customers under which collectability of all amounts due through the term of contracts is uncertain. 

) South and Central America Other Total revenue For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 North America ) South and Central America Other Total revenue For the year ended December 31, 2020 North America ) South and Central America Other Total revenue 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Lease revenue Total services and other revenue Equipment revenue: Equipment Design, development and construction services Lease revenue Total equipment revenue Total revenue For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Services and other revenue: Services Lease revenue Total services and other revenue Equipment revenue: Equipment Design, development and construction services Lease revenue Total equipment revenue Total revenue For the year ended December 31, 2020 Services and other revenue: Services Lease revenue Total services and other revenue Equipment revenue: Equipment Design, development and construction services Lease revenue Total equipment revenue Total revenue 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Interest income Total sales-type lease revenue Operating lease revenue Total lease revenue 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total lease payments to be received 
 
 ) ) Satellites ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 billion. There was no impact to Other property and equipment, net . 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Satellites Total 

NOTE 4. 

Finance Total right-of-use assets Lease liabilities: Current: Operating Finance Total current Non-current: Operating Finance Total non-current Total lease liabilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have prepaid our obligations regarding most of our finance ROU assets. Finance lease assets are reported net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Lease term and discount rate: Weighted-average remaining lease term: Finance leases years years Operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases 
 
 The following table presents the detailed cash flows from operating and finance leases: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 
 We obtained ROU assets in exchange for lease liabilities of million, million and million upon commencement of operating leases during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total future minimum lease payments Less: Interest ) Total lease liabilities 

NOTE 5. 
 
 ownership interest and Bharti holds a ownership interest in HCIPL. The India JV combines the VSAT businesses of both companies to offer flexible and scalable enterprise networking solutions using satellite connectivity for primary transport, back-up and hybrid implementation in India. The results of operations related to the India JV have been included in these Consolidated Financial Statements from the date of formation. The costs associated with the closing of the India JV were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 
 The fair value of the consideration transferred was million. Net cash paid was million, inclusive of amounts paid for the acquisition of, or of HCIPL shares from, entities that were shareholders of HCIPL prior to closing the India JV. 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Other current assets Property and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Total assets Liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Total purchase price 
 
 The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the India JV were derived using primarily unobservable Level 3 inputs, which require significant management judgment and estimation, and resulted in a customer relationship intangible of million with an estimated life of years and is reported in Other intangible assets, net . 
 Goodwill associated with the India JV is attributable to expected synergies, the projected long-term business growth in current and new markets and an assembled workforce. Goodwill has been allocated entirely to our Hughes segment. 

NOTE 6. ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified to net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

F-29 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 7. 

Commercial paper Other debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Equity securities Total marketable investment securities 

) Commercial paper ) Other debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities ) As of December 31, 2021 Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper Other debt securities ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) 

As of December 31, 2022, we have million of available-for-sale debt securities with contractual maturities of one year or less and million with contractual maturities greater than one year. 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) ) 

Available-for-sale debt securities: Corporate bonds Commercial paper Other debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Equity securities Total marketable investment securities As of December 31, 2021 Cash equivalents (including restricted) Available-for-sale debt securities: Corporate bonds Commercial paper Other debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Equity securities Total marketable investment securities 
 
 t have any investments that were categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

NOTE 8. 

Other property and equipment, net Total property and equipment, net 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

geosynchronous GEO satellites, of which are owned and of which are leased. They are all in geosynchronous orbit, approximately miles above the equator. 

EchoStar XVII Hughes July 2012 107 W EchoStar XIX Hughes December 2016 97.1 W Al Yah 3 (2) 
 Hughes January 2018 20 W EchoStar IX (3) (4) 
 ESS August 2003 121 W Finance leases: Eutelsat 65 West A Hughes March 2016 65 W Telesat T19V Hughes July 2018 63 W EchoStar 105/SES-11 ESS October 2017 105 W 
 (1) Depreciable life represents the remaining useful life as of June 8, 2011, the date EchoStar completed the acquisition of Hughes Communications, Inc. Hughes Communications and its subsidiaries in 2011 (the Hughes Acquisition ). 
 (2) Upon consummation of our joint venture with Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC Yahsat in Brazil in November 2019, we acquired the Brazilian Ka-band payload on this satellite. Depreciable life represents the remaining useful life as of November 2019. 
 (3) We own the Ka-band and Ku-band payloads on this satellite. 
 (4) EchoStar IX is approaching its end of station-kept life. The Company placed the satellite in an inclined-orbit in the first quarter of 2023. Inclined-orbit will extend its life to enable further revenue generating opportunities. 

to 
 Satellites - acquired under finance leases 
 Total satellites Accumulated depreciation: Satellites - owned ) ) Satellites - acquired under finance leases ) ) Total accumulated depreciation ) ) Total satellites, net 

Satellites - acquired under finance leases Total depreciation expense 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

million and million, respectively. These include payments pursuant to regulatory authorizations, non-lease costs associated with our finance lease satellites, in-orbit incentives relating to certain satellites and commitments for satellite service arrangements. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the dates on which we are obligated to pay our contractual obligations could change. 
 
 Satellite Anomalies and Impairments 
 
 We are not aware of any anomalies with respect to our owned or leased satellites or payloads that have had any significant adverse effect on their remaining useful lives, the commercial operation of the satellites or payloads or our operating results or financial position as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Buildings and improvements to 
 Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other to 
 Customer premises equipment to 
 Construction in progress Total other property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Other property and equipment, net 
 
 During 2022, the Company identified fully depreciated assets that were no longer in use, mostly related to our customer premises equipment assets. Cost and accumulated depreciation were reduced by billion. There was no impact to Other property and equipment, net . 

Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other Customer premises equipment Total depreciation expense 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 9. 
 
 equity ownership interest in that subsidiary (the Yahsat Brazil JV Transaction and iii) the India JV formation. 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we conducted a quantitative interim test of goodwill for all of our reporting units due to the sustained decline in our stock price during that period. We estimated the reporting unit's fair value using the discounted cash flow method and the market comparable method. The discounted cash flow method used the reporting unit's projections of estimated operating results and cash flows that were discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital based on a reasonable market participant s point of view. The main assumptions supporting the cash flow projections include, but are not limited to, revenue growth, margins, discount rate, and terminal growth rate. The financial projections reflect management's best estimate of economic and market conditions over the projected period, including forecasted revenue growth, margins, capital expenditures, depreciation, and amortization. Under the market comparable method, we used the guideline company method to develop valuation multiples and compare the single reporting unit to similar publicly traded companies. Additionally, we performed a reconciliation of our estimated fair value, determined using the discounted cash flows method and the market comparable method, to the Company s market capitalization. As a result of this interim test, goodwill impairment was identified. The fair value of the Hughes reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by more than . We concluded that there were no other indicators of impairment for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 India JV formation Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at end of period 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 10. 

) Amortization expense ) ) ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Amortization expense ) ) ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Amortization expense ) ) ) Currency translation adjustments ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Weighted-average useful life (in years) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total 
 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 11. 

As of December 31, 2020 As of December 31, 2021 Additions Currency Translation Adjustments ) ) As of December 31, 2022 Accumulated amortization: As of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) ) Amortization expense ) ) ) As of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Amortization expense ) ) ) As of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Amortization expense ) ) ) As of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Carrying amount: As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 Weighted-average useful life (in years) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total 
 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 12. 
 
 Total other investments, net 

of Deluxe/EchoStar LLC Deluxe ), a joint venture that we entered into in 2010 to build an advanced digital cinema satellite distribution network targeting delivery to digitally equipped theaters in the U.S. and Canada. 
 
 Broadband Connectivity Solutions (Restricted) Limited 
 
 We own of Broadband Connectivity Solutions (Restricted) Limited (together with its subsidiaries, BCS ), a joint venture that we entered into in 2018 to provide commercial Ka-band satellite broadband services across Africa, the Middle East and southwest Asia operating over Yahsat's Al Yah 2 and Al Yah 3 Ka-band satellites. 

BCS 

The following table presents trade accounts receivable: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Deluxe BCS 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022 that was considered a return of investment and reported in Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities returns of investment during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 13. 

Senior Unsecured Notes: 6 5/8 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt, net 

million aggregate principal amount of 5 1/4 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Secured Notes at an issue price of , pursuant to an indenture dated July 27, 2016 (the 2016 Secured Indenture and million aggregate principal amount of 6 5/8 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Unsecured Notes at an issue price of , pursuant to an indenture dated July 27, 2016 (together with the 2016 Secured Indenture, the Indentures ). The 2026 Senior Secured Notes and the 2026 Senior Unsecured Notes are referred to collectively as the Notes and individually as a series of the Notes. The Notes mature on August 1, 2026. Interest on the 2026 Senior Secured Notes accrues at an annual rate of 5 1/4 and interest on the 2026 Senior Unsecured Notes accrues at an annual rate of 6 5/8 . Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in cash, in arrears, on February 1 and August 1 of each year. 

of the principal amount thereof plus a make-whole premium, as defined in the applicable Indenture, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. 
 
 The 2026 Senior Secured Notes are: 
 
 our secured obligations; 
 secured by security interests in substantially all of our and certain of our subsidiaries existing and future tangible and intangible assets on a first priority basis, subject to certain exceptions; 
 effectively junior to our obligations that are secured by assets that are not part of the collateral that secures the 2026 Senior Secured Notes to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations; 
 effectively senior to our existing and future unsecured obligations to the extent of the value of the collateral securing the 2026 Senior Secured Notes, after giving effect to permitted liens as provided in the 2016 Secured Indenture; 
 senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future obligations that are expressly subordinated to the 2026 Senior Secured Notes; 
 structurally junior to any existing and future obligations of any of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2026 Senior Secured Notes; and 
 unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a general senior secured basis by certain of our subsidiaries, which guarantees rank equally with all of the guarantors existing and future unsubordinated indebtedness and effectively senior to such guarantors existing and future obligations to the extent of the value of the assets securing the 2026 Senior Secured Notes. 
 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

of the aggregate principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. 
 
 in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes of such series may declare all the Notes of such series to be due and payable immediately, together with any accrued and unpaid interest. 

million, million and million respectively, of debt issuance costs incurred for all debt issuances, which are included in Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 14. 

Foreign ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total current benefit (provision), net ) ) ) Deferred benefit (provision), net: Federal State ) Foreign ) Total deferred benefit (provision), net Total income tax benefit (provision), net ) ) ) 
 ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit (provision) ) ) ) Permanent differences ) ) ) Tax credits, including withholding tax Valuation allowance ) ) ) Rates different than statutory Other ) ) Total income tax benefit (provision), net ) ) ) 
 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Other investments Accrued expenses Stock-based compensation Other assets Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment, regulatory authorizations, and other intangibles ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) foreign jurisdiction Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) domestic ) ) Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 
 Overall, our net deferred tax assets were offset by a valuation allowance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance relates to an increase in the net operating loss carryforwards of certain foreign subsidiaries, offset by a decrease due to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 
 Tax benefits of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are evaluated on an ongoing basis, including a review of historical and projected future operating results, the eligible carryforward period, and other circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, we had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million. The net operating loss carryforwards associated with India will begin to expire in 2027. 
 
 provision for U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes has been made because it is expected that such earnings will be reinvested outside the U.S. indefinitely. It is not practicable to determine the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability at this time. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net deferred tax assets related to our foreign subsidiaries of million and million, respectively, which were recorded in Other non-current assets, net 
 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million of unrecognized income tax benefits, all of which, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. 

NOTE 15. 

million shares of EchoStar s Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, EchoStar had approximately million shares of Class A common stock which remain available for issuance under the ESPP. Generally, all full-time employees who have been employed by EchoStar or its subsidiaries for at least one calendar quarter are eligible to participate in the ESPP. Employee stock purchases are made through payroll deductions. Under the terms of the ESPP, each employee s deductions are limited so that the maximum they may purchase under the ESPP is in fair value of Class A common stock per year. Stock purchases are made on the last business day of each calendar quarter at of the closing price of EchoStar s Class A common stock on that date. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, employee purchases of EchoStar s Class A common stock through the ESPP totaled approximately shares, shares and shares, respectively. 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

of their eligible compensation, on a pre-tax and/or after-tax basis, subject to the maximum contribution limit provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). All employee contributions to the Plan are immediately vested. EchoStar matches cents on the dollar for the first of each employee s salary contributions to the Plan for a total of match on a pre-tax basis up to a maximum of annually. EchoStar s match is calculated each pay period there is an employee contribution. In addition, EchoStar may make an annual discretionary contribution to the Plan to be made in cash or EchoStar s stock. EchoStar s contributions under the Plan vest at per year and are vested after an eligible employee has completed of employment. Forfeitures of unvested participant balances may be used to fund matching and discretionary contributions. 
 
 Fair value of EchoStar discretionary contributions of its Class A common stock, net of forfeitures, under 401(k) plan 

NOTE 16. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The following table presents the corresponding related party receivables: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Related party receivables - EchoStar - current Related party receivables - EchoStar - non-current Total related party receivables - EchoStar 
 
 Receivables. EchoStar and its other subsidiaries reimburse us from time to time for amounts paid by us for costs and expenses attributable to EchoStar and its other subsidiaries. We report receivables under these arrangements 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

The following table presents the corresponding related party payables: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Related party payables - EchoStar - current Related party payables - EchoStar - non-current Total related party payables - EchoStar 
 
 Payables. We reimburse EchoStar and its other subsidiaries from time to time for amounts paid by EchoStar and its other subsidiaries for costs and expenses attributable to us. We report payables under these arrangements within Related party payables - EchoStar - current. No repayment schedule for these payables has been determined. 

percent. We report amounts payable under these agreements within Related party payables - EchoStar - non-current. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to these services. Additionally, we have converted the receivables for certain of these services into loans, bearing an annual interest rate of , that mature in 2023. We report these loans within Related party receivables - EchoStar - non-current. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million. Payment of this dividend was made in the first quarter of 2022. 

NOTE 17. 
 
 economic interest in the residential retail satellite broadband business of our Hughes segment, in exchange for of the equity interests of certain EchoStar subsidiaries that held substantially all of our EchoStar Technologies businesses and certain other assets (collectively, the Share Exchange ). The Tracking Stock was retired in March 2017. 
 
 In September 2019, pursuant to a master transaction agreement (the Master Transaction Agreement with DISH and a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Merger Sub ), (i) we transferred certain real property and the various businesses, products, licenses, technology, revenues, billings, operating activities, assets and liabilities primarily related to the former portion of our ESS segment that managed, marketed and provided (1) broadcast satellite services primarily to Network and our former joint venture Dish Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. and its subsidiaries Dish Mexico ), and (2) telemetry, tracking and control TT C services for satellites owned by DISH Network and a portion of our other businesses (collectively, the BSS Business to one of our former subsidiaries, EchoStar BSS Corporation BSS Corp. ), (ii) we distributed to each holder of shares of our Class A or Class B common stock entitled to receive consideration in the transaction an amount of shares of common stock of BSS Corp., par value per share BSS Common Stock ), equal to share of BSS Common Stock for each share of our Class A or Class B common stock owned by such stockholder (the Distribution and (iii) immediately after the Distribution, (1) Merger Sub merged with and into BSS Corp. (the Merger ), such that BSS Corp. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH and with DISH then owning and operating the BSS Business, and (2) each issued and outstanding share of BSS Common Stock owned by EchoStar stockholders was converted into the right to receive shares of DISH Class A common stock, par value per share DISH Common Stock ((i) - (iii) collectively, the BSS Transaction ). 
 
 In connection with and following the Spin-off, the Share Exchange and the BSS Transaction, EchoStar, we and certain other of EchoStar s subsidiaries and DISH Network entered into certain agreements pursuant to which we, EchoStar and certain of its other subsidiaries, on the one hand, obtain certain products, services and rights from DISH Network, on the other hand; DISH Network, on the one hand, obtains certain products, services and rights from us, EchoStar and certain of its other subsidiaries, on the other hand; and such entities indemnify each other against certain liabilities arising from their respective businesses. Generally, the amounts we and/or EchoStar and its other subsidiaries or DISH Network pay for products and services provided under the agreements are based on cost plus a fixed margin (unless noted differently below), which varies depending on the nature of the products and services provided. We and/or EchoStar and its other subsidiaries may also enter into additional agreements with DISH Network in the future. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

The following table presents the related trade accounts receivable: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Trade accounts receivable - DISH Network 

direct broadcast satellite DBS transponders on the Nimiq 5 satellite at the 72.7 degree west longitude orbital location (the Telesat Transponder Agreement ). In September 2009, we entered into an agreement with DISH Network, pursuant to which DISH Network leased satellite capacity from us on all of the DBS transponders covered by the Telesat Transponder Agreement (the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement ). Under the terms of the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement, DISH Network made certain monthly payments to us that commenced in September 2009, when the Nimiq 5 satellite was placed into service. We transferred the Telesat Transponder Agreement to DISH Network in September 2019 as part of the BSS Transaction; however, we retained certain obligations related to DISH Network s performance under that agreement and we entered into an agreement with DISH Network whereby DISH Network compensates us for retaining such obligations. 

days written notice to us. DISH Network generally has the right to continue to receive operations and maintenance services from us on a quarter-to-quarter basis unless these services are terminated by DISH Network upon at least days written notice to us. In addition, DISH Network generally may terminate any and all services for convenience subject to providing us with prior notice and/or payment of termination charges. In March 2020, we entered into an agreement with DISH Network pursuant to which we perform certain work and provide certain credits to amounts owed to us under the TerreStar Agreements in exchange for DISH Network s granting us rights to use certain satellite capacity under the Amended and Restated Professional Services Agreement (as defined below). As a result, we and DISH Network amended the TerreStar Agreements to suspend our provision of warranty services to DISH Network from April 2020 through December 2020. Following the expiration of this suspension, we have recommenced providing warranty services to DISH Network. In May 2022, we and DISH Network amended the agreement for the provision of hosting services to extend the term until May 2027. 
 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

with automatic renewal for successive terms unless terminated by either party with a written notice at least days before the expiration of the then-current term. In February 2014, we and DISH Network entered into an amendment to the Distribution Agreement which, among other things, extended the initial term of the Distribution Agreement until March 2024. Upon expiration or termination of the Distribution Agreement, we and DISH Network will continue to provide our Gen 4 HughesNet service to the then-current DISH Network subscribers pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Distribution Agreement. 

days written notice to us. In February 2019, we further amended these agreements to provide DBSD North America with the right to continue to receive warranty services from us on a month-to-month basis until December 2023, unless terminated by DBSD North America upon at least days written notice to us. The provision of hosting services will continue until February 2027 unless terminated by DBSD North America upon at least days written notice to us. In addition, DBSD North America generally may terminate any and all such services for convenience, subject to providing us with prior notice and/or payment of termination charges. 

expiring February 2024 with automatic renewal for successive terms unless terminated by DISH Network with at least days written notice to us or by us with at least days written notice to DISH Network. 

The following table presents the related trade accounts payable: 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

periods thereafter, unless the agreement is terminated earlier by either party upon at least days notice. We or DISH network may generally terminate the Amended and Restated Professional Services Agreement in part with respect to any particular service it receives for any reason upon at least days notice, unless the statement of work for particular services states otherwise. Certain services provided under the Amended and Restated Professional Services Agreement may survive the termination of the agreement. 

consecutive terms. We exercised our first renewal option for a period commencing in August 2015 and ending in July 2018, in April 2018 we exercised our second renewal option for a period ending in July 2021, and in May 2021 we exercised our third renewal option for a period ending in July 2024. In connection with the Share Exchange, effective March 2017, we also entered into certain agreements pursuant to which DISH Network provides collocation and antenna space to EchoStar through February 2022 at the following locations: Cheyenne, Wyoming; Gilbert, Arizona; New Braunfels, Texas; Monee, Illinois; Spokane, Washington; and Englewood, Colorado. In October 2019, we provided a termination notice for our New Braunfels, Texas agreement effective May 2020. In November 2020, we provided a termination notice for one of our Englewood, Colorado agreements effective May 2021. In November 2021, we exercised our right to renew the collocation agreements at Gilbert, Arizona, Cheyenne, Wyoming, Spokane, Washington, Englewood, Colorado and Monee, Illinois for a period ending in February 2025. In August 2017, we and DISH Network also entered into certain other agreements pursuant to which DISH Network provides additional collocation and antenna space to us in Monee, Illinois and Spokane, Washington through August 2022. In May 2022, we exercised our right to renew such other agreements at Monee, Illinois and Spokane, Washington through August 2025. Generally, we may renew our collocation and antenna space agreements for periods by providing DISH Network with prior written notice no more than days but no less than days prior to the end of the then-current term. We may terminate certain of these agreements with days prior written notice. In September 2019, in connection with the BSS Transaction, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which DISH Network provided us with certain additional collocation space in Cheyenne, Wyoming for a period that ended in September 2020. The fees for the services provided under these agreements depend on the number of racks located at the location. 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

commencing in August 2020, with renewal terms, with prior written notice of renewal required no more than days but no less than days prior to the end of the then-current term. In March 2021, we entered into additional agreements pursuant to which DISH Network provides us with antenna space and power in Cheyenne, Wyoming, and the right to use an antenna and certain space in Gilbert, Arizona. Both agreements are for a period of with renewal terms, with prior written notice of renewal required no more than days but no less than days prior to the end of the then-current term. 

terms. Either party has the ability to terminate the Hughes Broadband MSA, in whole or in part, for any reason upon at least days notice to the other party. Upon expiration or termination of the Hughes Broadband MSA, we will continue to provide our Gen 5 HughesNet service to subscribers and make certain payments to DISH Network pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Hughes Broadband MSA. We incurred sales incentives and other costs under the Hughes Broadband MSA totaling million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

period upon written notice at least days prior to the initial expiration (the 2019 TT C Agreement ). In June 2021, we amended the 2019 TT C Agreement to extend the term until September 2022 and added the option for us to renew the 2019 TT C Agreement up to an additional . In September 2022, we exercised the option to renew the 2019 TT C Agreement until September 2023. The fees for services provided under the 2019 TT C Agreement are calculated at either: (i) a fixed fee or (ii) cost plus a fixed margin, which will vary depending on the nature of the services provided. Any party is able to terminate the 2019 TT C Agreement for any reason upon months notice. 

days prior written notice. 

F-50 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

shares of DISH Common Stock. Following the consummation of the BSS Transaction, we no longer operate the BSS Business, which was a substantial portion of our ESS segment. The Master Transaction Agreement contained customary representations and warranties by the parties, including EchoStar s representations relating to the assets, liabilities and financial condition of the BSS Business, and representations by DISH Network relating to its financial condition and liabilities. EchoStar and DISH Network have agreed to indemnify each other against certain losses with respect to breaches of certain representations and covenants and certain retained and assumed liabilities, respectively. 
 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-52 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 18. 

ownership in Hughes Systique, Mr. Pradman Kaul, the former President of our subsidiary Hughes Communications and Vice-Chair of our board of directors (effective January 1, 2023), and his brother, who is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Hughes Systique, own in the aggregate approximately , on an undiluted basis, of Hughes Systique s outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022. Furthermore, Mr. Pradman Kaul serves on the board of directors of Hughes Systique. Hughes Systique is a variable interest entity and we are considered the primary beneficiary of Hughes Systique due to, among other factors, our ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Hughes Systique. As a result, we consolidate Hughes Systique s financial statements in these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

of TerreStar Solutions, Inc. TSI ). In May 2018, we and TSI entered into an equipment and services agreement pursuant to which we design, manufacture and install upgraded ground communications network equipment for TSI s network and provide, among other things, warranty and support services. We recognized revenue of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 we had million of trade accounts receivable from TSI. 
 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 19. 

Interest on long-term debt Satellite-related commitments (2) 
 Operating lease obligations (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Assumes all long-term debt is outstanding until scheduled maturity. 
 (2) Includes payments pursuant to: i) the EchoStar XXIV launch contract, ii) regulatory authorizations, iii) non-lease costs associated with our finance lease satellites, iv) in-orbit incentives relating to certain satellites and v) commitments for satellite service arrangements. 
 (3) Operating leases consist primarily of leases for office space, data centers and satellite-related ground infrastructure. 
 (4) The table excludes amounts related to deferred tax liabilities, unrecognized tax positions and certain other amounts recorded in our non-current liabilities as the timing of any payments is uncertain. 
 (5) The table excludes long-term deferred revenue and other long-term liabilities that do not require future cash payments. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the dates on which we are obligated to pay our contractual obligations could change. 

Contingencies 

F-54 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

F-55 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Penalties Interest and interest on penalties Less: Payments ) ) Total accrual Less: Current portion Total long-term accrual 
 
 Any eventual payments made with respect to the ultimate outcome of this matter may be different from our accrual and such differences could be significant. 
 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 20. 
 
 business segments, Hughes segment and ESS segment. 
 
 The primary measure of segment profitability that is reported regularly to our CODM is earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests EBITDA ). 
 
 Total assets by segment have not been reported herein because the information is not provided to our CODM on a regular basis. 
 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Intersegment revenue ) Total revenue Capital expenditures EBITDA ) For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 External revenue Intersegment revenue ) Total revenue Capital expenditures EBITDA ) For the year ended December 31, 2020 External revenue Intersegment revenue ) Total revenue Capital expenditures EBITDA ) 

Interest income, net ) ) ) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized Depreciation and amortization Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests EBITDA 
 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

South and Central America Other Total long-lived assets 

NOTE 21. 

Research and development expenses 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents, included restricted amounts, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, end of period: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents, included restricted amounts, end of period 
 
 F-59 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Inventory Prepaids and deposits Trade accounts receivable - DISH Network Other, net Total other current assets Other non-current assets, net: Capitalized software, net Contract acquisition costs, net Related party receivables - EchoStar Deferred tax assets, net Restricted cash Contract fulfillment costs, net Other, net Total other non-current assets, net 

Credit losses (1) 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) Deductions ) Balance at end of period 
 million reclassification from Trade accounts receivables and contracts assets, net 
 F-60 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Accrued compensation Operating lease obligation Accrued interest Accrued taxes Accrual for license fee dispute Trade accounts payable - DISH Network Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities: Accrual for license fee dispute Related party payables - EchoStar Contract liabilities Other Total other non-current liabilities 

Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventory 
 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Externally marketed software under development and not yet placed into service 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Capitalized costs related to development of externally marketed software Amortization expense relating to externally marketed software Weighted-average useful life (in years) 

Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures included in accounts payable, net ) ) Non-cash net assets received as part of the India JV formation 
 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

NOTE 22. 
 
 Certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries (together, the Guarantor Subsidiaries have fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, the obligations of our Notes. See Note 13. Long-term Debt for further information on our Notes. 
 
 In lieu of separate financial statements of the Guarantor Subsidiaries, accompanying consolidating financial information prepared in accordance with Rule 3-10(f) of Regulation S-X is presented below, including the accompanying balance sheet information, the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) information and the accompanying statement of cash flows information of HSSC, the Guarantor Subsidiaries on a combined basis and the non-guarantor subsidiaries of HSSC on a combined basis and the eliminations necessary to arrive at the corresponding information of HSSC on a consolidated basis. 
 
 The indentures governing our Notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, impose limitations on our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions, incur additional debt, make certain investments, create liens or enter into sale and leaseback transactions, merge or consolidate with another company, transfer and sell assets, enter into transactions with affiliates or allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, make distributions, make other payments, or transfer assets. 
 
 The accompanying consolidating financial information (amounts in thousands) presented below should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included herein. 

F-63 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Marketable investment securities Trade accounts receivable and contract assets, net Other current assets, net ) Total current assets ) Non-current assets: Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Regulatory authorizations, net Other intangible assets, net Other investments, net Investment in subsidiaries ) Other non-current assets, net ) Total non-current assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities and Shareholder's Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Total current liabilities ) Non-current liabilities: Long-term debt, net Deferred tax liabilities, net ) Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities ) Total non-current liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Shareholder's equity: Total Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation shareholder's equity ) Non-controlling interests Total shareholder's equity ) Total liabilities and shareholder's equity ) 
 
 F-64 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Marketable investment securities Trade accounts receivable and contract assets, net Other current assets, net ) Total current assets ) Non-current assets: Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Regulatory authorizations, net Other intangible assets, net Other investments, net Investment in subsidiaries ) Other non-current assets, net ) Total non-current assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities and Shareholder's Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Total current liabilities ) Non-current liabilities: Long-term debt, net Deferred tax liabilities, net Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities ) Total non-current liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Shareholder's equity: Total Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation shareholder's equity ) Non-controlling interests Total shareholder's equity ) Total liabilities and shareholder's equity ) 

F-65 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) Equipment revenue ) Total revenue ) Costs and expenses: Cost of sales - services and other (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) ) Cost of sales - equipment (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Research and development expenses Depreciation and amortization Total costs and expenses ) Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income ) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) Gains (losses) on investments, net Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries, net ) ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net ) Other, net ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (provision), net ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): 
 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Amounts reclassified to net income (loss): Realized losses (gains) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries, net ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HSSC ) ) 
 F-66 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) Equipment revenue ) Total revenue ) Costs and expenses: Cost of sales - services and other (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) ) Cost of sales - equipment (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Research and development expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Total costs and expenses ) Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income, net ) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) Gains (losses) on investments, net Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries, net 
 ) ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (provision), net ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Other ) ) Amounts reclassified to net income (loss): Realized losses (gains) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries, net ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HSSC ) ) 

F-67 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) Equipment revenue ) Total revenue ) Costs and expenses: Cost of sales - services and other (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) ) Cost of sales - equipment (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Research and development expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Total costs and expenses ) Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income, net ) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) ) Gains (losses) on investments, net ) ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries, net 
 ) ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net ) Other, net ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (provision), net ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Less: Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income (loss) attributable to HSSC ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Other ) ) Amounts reclassified to net income (loss): Realized losses (gains) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries, net ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HSSC ) ) ) 
 F-68 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows from operating activities ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable investment securities ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable investment securities Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Expenditures for externally marketed software ) ) Distributions (contributions) and advances from (to) subsidiaries, net ) India JV formation ) ) Dividend received from unconsolidated affiliate Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of finance lease obligations ) ) Payment of in-orbit incentive obligations ) ) Dividend paid to EchoStar ) ) Contribution (distributions) and advances (to) from parent, net ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, end of period 

F-69 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows from operating activities ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable investment securities ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable investment securities Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Expenditures for externally marketed software ) ) Distributions (contributions) and advances from (to) subsidiaries, net ) ) Sales of other investments Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase and maturity of the 2021 Senior Unsecured Notes ) ) Payment of finance lease obligations ) ) Payment of in-orbit incentive obligations ) ) Contribution by non-controlling interest holder Dividend paid to EchoStar ) ) Other, net ) ) Contribution (distributions) and advances (to) from parent, net ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, end of period 

F-70 

Table of Contents 
 HUGHES SATELLITE SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows from operating activities ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable investment securities ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable investment securities Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Expenditures for externally marketed software ) ) Distributions (contributions) and advances from (to) subsidiaries, net ) ) Sales of other investments Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of finance lease obligations ) ) Payment of in-orbit incentive obligations ) ) Contribution by non-controlling interest holder Other, net Contribution (distributions) and advances (to) from parent, net ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, end of period 

F-71 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hssc202210-kxexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Section 302 Certification 
 
 I, Hamid Akhavan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 By s Hamid Akhavan Name Hamid Akhavan Title Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 hssc202210-kxexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Section 906 Certifications 
 
 In connection with the annual report for the year ended December 31, 2022 on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), of Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, i, Hamid Akhavan, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (i) the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 By s Hamid Akhavan Name Hamid Akhavan Title Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 
 A SIGNED ORIGINAL OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO THE COMPANY AND WILL BE RETAINED BY THE COMPANY AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 4
 pressrelease2022-exx991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

EchoStar Announces Financial Results for the Three and Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Englewood, CO, February 22, 2023 EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ SATS) announced its financial results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 Financial Highlights 
 
 Consolidated revenue of 499.9 million. 
 Net income of 47.6 million, consolidated net income attributable to EchoStar common stock of 49.3 million, and basic and diluted earnings per share of common stock of 0.59 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of 163.6 million (see discussion and the reconciliation of GAAP to this non-GAAP measure below). 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Financial Highlights 
 
 Consolidated revenue of 2.0 billion. 
 Net income of 166.5 million, consolidated net income attributable to EchoStar common stock of 177.1 million, and basic and diluted earnings per share of common stock of 2.10. 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of 656.0 million (see discussion and the reconciliation of GAAP to this non-GAAP measure below). 
 
 The EchoStar team finished 2022 with a solid performance, continuing to optimize operations and asset yields, said Hamid Akhavan, CEO and President of EchoStar. In the near term, we remain focused on operating the business in an efficient manner and preparing for the launch of our upcoming EchoStar XXIV JUPITER 3 satellite as a catalyst for new growth. We have also made tangible strides toward expanding our future capabilities as we begin construction on a global S-band mobile satellite service network. 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 - Additional Information 
 
 Consolidated revenue increased year over year. Higher equipment sales of 33.1 million to our domestic and international enterprise customers was offset by lower service revenues of 31.9 million, primarily due to lower broadband consumer customers. 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 2.5 or 4.0 million year over year. 
 Hughes segment Adjusted EBITDA increased 4.2 million year over year. The increase was driven primarily by lower sales and marketing expense for our broadband consumer business. 
 ESS segment Adjusted EBITDA increased 2.1 million year over year primarily due to higher revenue. 
 Corporate and Other segment Adjusted EBITDA decreased 2.3 million year over year. The decrease was primarily due to higher corporate expenses, partially offset by higher earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net, of 1.3 million. 
 Net income increased 127.7 million year over year. The increase was primarily due to higher operating income of 16.0 million, a favorable change in net interest expense of 17.0 million, a favorable change in investments of 42.5 million, and 55.3 million related to the impairment of our Dish Mexico equity investment that occurred in 2021. These items were partially offset by higher net income tax expense of 12.7 million. 
 Hughes broadband subscribers totaled approximately 1,228,000, declining 57,000 from September 30, 2022. Our current capacity limitations and increased competitive pressures are impacting our consumer subscriber levels. In Latin America, subscriber levels were also 
 1 

impacted by adverse economic conditions and capacity allocation to community WiFi and enterprise opportunities. 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2022, approximately 42 of Hughes segment revenue was attributable to our enterprise customers, increasing from 35 in the same period last year. The increase supports our strong focus on our enterprise business and diversification objectives. 
 Cash, cash equivalents and current marketable investment securities were 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Jupiter 3 EchoStar XXIV satellite is expected to be launched during the second quarter of 2023. 
 Set forth below is a table highlighting certain of EchoStar s segment results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands) (all US GAAP amounts reference results from operations) 
 For the three months ended December 31, For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue 
 Hughes 
 491,075 491,154 1,966,587 1,956,226 EchoStar Satellite Services 
 6,228 4,871 20,533 17,679 Corporate and Other 
 2,553 2,619 10,973 11,815 Total revenue 
 499,856 498,644 1,998,093 1,985,720 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Hughes 
 182,467 178,218 726,752 790,469 EchoStar Satellite Services 
 4,757 2,704 14,416 9,185 Corporate & Other 
 Corporate overhead, operating and other 
 (24,235) (20,675) (86,502) (82,615) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 
 561 (723) 1,320 1,892 Total Corporate & Other 
 (23,674) (21,398) (85,182) (80,723) Total Adjusted EBITDA 
 163,550 159,524 655,986 718,931 Net income (loss) 47,580 (80,083) 166,548 62,721 Expenditures for property and equipment 
 76,517 86,427 325,891 438,430 
 
 2 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measurement (amounts in thousands) 
 For the three months ended December 31, For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net income (loss) 47,580 (80,083) 166,548 62,721 Interest income, net (21,223) (5,887) (50,900) (22,801) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized 14,045 15,664 57,170 95,512 Income tax provision (benefit), net 15,308 2,579 66,675 65,626 Depreciation and amortization 110,397 122,465 457,621 491,329 Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 1,767 3,735 10,503 10,154 EBITDA 
 167,874 58,473 707,617 702,541 (Gains) losses on investments, net 
 964 43,450 (47,107) (69,531) Impairment of long-lived assets 711 245 Impairment loss on equity method investment 55,266 55,266 Litigation Expense 16,800 License fee dispute - India, net of non-controlling interests 
 (233) (941) Loss on Debt Repurchase 1,938 Foreign currency transaction (gains) losses, net 
 (5,288) 2,568 (5,235) 12,613 Adjusted EBITDA 
 163,550 159,524 655,986 718,931 
 
 Note on Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 EBITDA is defined as Net income (loss) excluding Interest income, net, Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, Income tax benefit (provision), net, Depreciation and amortization, and Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA excluding Gains and losses on investments, net, Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net, and other non-recurring or non-operational items. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not measures determined in accordance with US GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are reconciled to Net income (loss) in the table above and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income, net income or any other measure determined in accordance with US GAAP. Our management uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as measures of our operating efficiency and overall financial performance for benchmarking against our peers and competitors. Management believes that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding the underlying operating performance of our business and are appropriate to enhance an overall understanding of our financial performance. Management also believes that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful to investors because they are frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate the performance of companies in our industry. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements of EchoStar for the periods ended December 31, 2022 are attached to this press release. Detailed financial data and other information are available in EchoStar s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 EchoStar will host a conference call to discuss its earnings on Thursday, February 23, 2023 at 1 00 p.m. Eastern Time. The conference call will be broadcast live in listen-only mode on EchoStar s investor relations website at ir.echostar.com. To participate via telephone and ask a question, participants must register using an online form found at https register.vevent.com register BIa7c9b243b8424fd3af6e63301e48fac6. 

3 

About EchoStar Corporation 
 
 EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ SATS) is a premier global provider of satellite communications solutions. Headquartered in Englewood, Colo., and conducting business around the globe, EchoStar is a pioneer in secure communications technologies through its Hughes Network Systems and EchoStar Satellite Services business segments. 
 
 Safe Harbor Statement under the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 
 This press release may contain statements that are forward looking, as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used in this release, the words believe, anticipate, goal, seek, estimate, expect, intend, project, continue, future, will, would, can, may, plans, and similar expressions and the use of future dates are intended to identify forward looking statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in these forward looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We assume no responsibility for the accuracy of forward-looking statements or information or for updating forward-looking information or statements. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. See Risk Factors in EchoStar s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in the other documents EchoStar files with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. 
 
 ### 
 
 Contact Information 
 EchoStar Investor Relations 
 EchoStar Media Relations 
 Terry Brown 
 Phone +1 303-728-5179 
 Email terry.brown echostar.com 
 Sharyn Nerenberg 
 Phone +1 301-428-7124 
 Email sharyn.nerenberg echostar.com 
 
 4 

ECHOSTAR CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 704,541 535,894 Marketable investment securities 973,915 1,010,496 Trade accounts receivable and contract assets, net 236,479 182,063 Other current assets, net 210,446 198,444 Total current assets 2,125,381 1,926,897 Non-current assets Property and equipment, net 2,237,617 2,338,285 Operating lease right-of-use assets 151,518 149,198 Goodwill 532,491 511,086 Regulatory authorizations, net 462,531 469,766 Other intangible assets, net 15,698 13,984 Other investments, net 356,705 297,747 Other non-current assets, net 317,062 338,241 Total non-current assets 4,073,622 4,118,307 Total assets 6,199,003 6,045,204 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Trade accounts payable 101,239 109,338 Contract liabilities 121,739 141,343 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 199,853 209,442 Total current liabilities 422,831 460,123 Non-current liabilities Long-term debt, net 1,496,777 1,495,994 Deferred tax liabilities, net 424,621 403,684 Operating lease liabilities 135,932 134,897 Other non-current liabilities 119,787 136,426 Total non-current liabilities 2,177,117 2,171,001 Total liabilities 2,599,948 2,631,124 Commitments and contingencies 

5 

ECHOSTAR CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Stockholders' equity Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, 0.001 par value, 4,000,000,000 shares authorized 
 Class A common stock, 0.001 par value, 1,600,000,000 shares authorized, 58,604,927 shares issued and 35,291,616 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 58,059,622 shares issued and 38,726,923 shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 59 58 Class B convertible common stock, 0.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, 47,687,039 shares issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 48 48 Class C convertible common stock, 0.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Class D common stock, 0.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital 3,367,058 3,345,878 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (172,239) (212,102) Accumulated earnings (losses) 833,517 656,466 Treasury shares, at cost, 23,313,311 and 19,332,699 shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 (525,824) (436,521) Total EchoStar Corporation stockholders' equity 3,502,619 3,353,827 Non-controlling interests 96,436 60,253 Total stockholders' equity 3,599,055 3,414,080 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 6,199,003 6,045,204 
 6 

ECHOSTAR CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Services and other revenue 1,623,931 1,715,287 1,682,304 Equipment revenue 374,162 270,433 205,603 Total revenue 1,998,093 1,985,720 1,887,907 Costs and expenses Cost of sales - services and other (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 569,755 551,679 577,943 Cost of sales - equipment (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 292,318 231,975 166,435 Selling, general and administrative expenses 455,234 461,705 474,912 Research and development expenses 32,810 31,777 29,448 Depreciation and amortization 457,621 491,329 525,011 Impairment of long-lived assets 711 245 1,685 Total costs and expenses 1,808,449 1,768,710 1,775,434 Operating income (loss) 189,644 217,010 112,473 Other income (expense) Interest income, net 50,900 22,801 39,982 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized (57,170) (95,512) (147,927) Gains (losses) on investments, net 47,107 69,531 (31,306) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net (5,703) (5,170) (7,267) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses), net 5,235 (12,613) 6,015 Other-than-temporary impairment losses on equity method investments (55,266) Other, net 3,210 (12,434) 195 Total other income (expense), net 43,579 (88,663) (140,308) Income (loss) before income taxes 233,223 128,347 (27,835) Income tax benefit (provision), net (66,675) (65,626) (24,069) Net income (loss) 166,548 62,721 (51,904) Less Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 10,503 10,154 11,754 Net income (loss) attributable to EchoStar Corporation common stock 177,051 72,875 (40,150) Earnings (losses) per share - Class A and B common stock 
 Basic 2.10 0.81 (0.41) Diluted 2.10 0.81 (0.41) 
 7 

ECHOSTAR CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) 166,548 62,721 (51,904) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows provided by (used for) operating activities Depreciation and amortization 457,621 491,329 525,011 Impairment of long-lived assets 711 245 1,685 Losses (gains) on investments, net (47,107) (69,531) 31,306 Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 5,703 5,170 7,267 Foreign currency transaction losses (gains), net (5,235) 12,613 (6,015) Deferred tax provision (benefit), net 21,430 37,664 18,147 Stock-based compensation 11,546 7,699 8,887 Amortization of debt issuance costs 783 2,381 4,324 Other-than-temporary impairment losses on equity method investments 55,266 Other, net (3,711) 19,740 (12,501) Changes in assets and liabilities, net Trade accounts receivable and contract assets, net (50,959) (2,334) 2,237 Other current assets, net (6,456) (7,303) (12,984) Trade accounts payable 8,825 (15,599) (12,339) Contract liabilities (19,604) 36,774 3,509 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (3,649) (84,621) 42,822 Non-current assets and non-current liabilities, net (6,841) 80,012 (15,064) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 529,605 632,226 534,388 Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of marketable investment securities (1,067,461) (1,651,608) (2,799,838) Sales and maturities of marketable investment securities 1,136,594 2,321,560 2,110,336 Expenditures for property and equipment (325,891) (438,430) (408,798) Expenditures for externally marketed software (23,105) (33,543) (38,655) India JV formation (7,892) Dividend received from unconsolidated affiliate 2,000 Sale of unconsolidated affiliate 7,500 Purchase of other investments (50,000) (5,500) Sales of other investments 3,070 10,951 Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities (275,185) 158,930 (1,142,455) 
 8 

Cash flows from financing activities Repurchase and maturity of the 2021 Senior Unsecured Notes (901,818) Payment of finance lease obligations (120) (670) (811) Payment of in-orbit incentive obligations (2,988) (2,214) (1,554) Proceeds from Class A common stock options exercised 408 855 Proceeds from Class A common stock issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 9,306 9,471 10,109 Treasury share repurchase (89,303) (261,436) (43,458) Contribution by non-controlling interest holder 9,880 18,241 Other, net (966) 998 Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities (83,105) (1,147,345) (15,620) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (2,306) (3,749) (1,390) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 169,009 (359,938) (625,077) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, beginning of period 536,874 896,812 1,521,889 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted amounts, end of period 705,883 536,874 896,812 
 9 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hssc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 hssc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hssc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hssc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hssc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

