<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1772695_0001772695-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22372923</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1294001</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3317987</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7950641</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4831373</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4562360</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001772695-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223063608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001772695-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunnova Energy International Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001772695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38995
		FILM NUMBER:		23655837

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 EAST GREENWAY PLAZA, SUITE 540
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 985-9900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 EAST GREENWAY PLAZA, SUITE 540
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77046

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001772695-23-000011.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 nova-20221231.htm
 10-K

nova-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. (1) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). (1) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of such shares of common stock of 18.43 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately billion. 
 
 The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of February 20, 2023. 

Table of Contents 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 64 
 Item 2. Properties 
 64 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 64 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 65 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 65 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 66 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 67 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 91 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 93 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 151 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 151 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 152 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 152 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 152 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 152 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 152 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 152 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 152 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits 
 153 
 Signatures 
 159 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "Sunnova," "the Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Sunnova Energy International Inc. ("SEI") and its consolidated subsidiaries. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or Sunnova's future financial or operating performance. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements because they contain words such as "anticipate," "believe," "contemplate," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "future," "goal," "intend," "likely," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "seek," "should," "target," "will" or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 federal, state and local statutes, regulations and policies; 
 determinations of the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") of the fair market value of our solar energy systems; 
 the price of centralized utility-generated electricity and electricity from other sources and technologies; 
 technical and capacity limitations imposed by operators of the power grid; 
 the availability of tax rebates, credits and incentives, including changes to the rates of, or expiration of, federal tax credits and the availability of related safe harbors; 
 our need and ability to raise capital to finance the installation and acquisition of distributed solar energy systems, refinance existing debt or otherwise meet our liquidity needs; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties, including the attraction, retention, performance and continued existence of our dealers; 
 our ability to manage our supply chains and distribution channels and the impact of natural disasters and other events beyond our control, such as hurricanes and the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic; 
 our ability to retain or upgrade current customers, further penetrate existing markets or expand into new markets; 
 our investment in our platform and new product offerings and the demand for and expected benefits of our platform and product offerings; 
 the ability of our solar energy systems, energy storage systems or other product offerings to operate or deliver energy for any reason, including if interconnection or transmission facilities on which we rely become unavailable; 
 our ability to maintain our brand and protect our intellectual property and customer data; 
 our ability to manage the cost of solar energy systems, energy storage systems and our service offerings; 
 the willingness of and ability of our dealers and suppliers to fulfill their respective warranty and other contractual obligations; 
 our expectations regarding litigation and administrative proceedings; and 
 our ability to renew or replace expiring, canceled or terminated solar service agreements at favorable rates or on a long-term basis. 
 
 Our actual results and timing of these events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those discussed under " Risk Factors " and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 The risk factors detailed in Item 1A entitled " Risk Factors " in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are the risks we believe are material to our investors and a reader should carefully consider them. The following is a summary listing certain of the risk factors detailed in Item 1A: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Historically, we have incurred operating and net losses and we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 Our growth strategy depends on the continued origination of solar service agreements by us and our dealers. 
 Our growth is dependent on our dealer network and our failure to retain or replace existing dealers or to grow our dealer network could adversely impact our business. 
 We do not directly control certain costs related to our business, which could put us at a disadvantage relative to companies who have a vertically integrated business model. 
 We may be unsuccessful in introducing new service and product offerings, including our distributed energy storage services and energy storage management systems. 
 Our business is concentrated in certain markets, putting us at risk of region-specific disruptions. 
 Certain of our solar energy systems are located in, and we conduct business in, Puerto Rico. Weakness in the fiscal health of the government and the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA"), the damage caused by hurricanes, a series of earthquakes that affected the island in December 2019 and early 2020 and potential tax increases that may increase our cost of conducting business in Puerto Rico, create uncertainty that may adversely impact us. In addition, we are subject to administrative proceedings instituted by the Puerto Rico Energy Bureau ("PREB"). 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and future pandemics could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operating results and our ability to grow may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year, which could make our future performance difficult to predict and could cause our operating results for a particular period to fall below expectations. 
 If our allowance for credit losses is not enough to cover actual credit losses from our customer notes receivable portfolio, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. 
 Certain of our key operational metrics, including estimated gross contracted customer value, are based on various assumptions and estimates we make that cover an extended period of time. Actual experience may vary materially from these estimates and assumptions and therefore undue reliance should not be placed on these metrics. 
 
 Risks Related to the Solar Industry 
 
 If sufficient additional demand for solar energy systems does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our origination of solar service agreements may decrease. 
 A material reduction in the retail price of electricity charged by electric utilities or other retail electricity providers would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business has benefited from the declining cost of solar energy system and energy storage system components and may be harmed to the extent the cost of such components stabilize or increase in the future. 
 We and our dealers depend on a limited number of suppliers of solar energy system components and technologies to adequately meet demand for our solar energy systems. Due to the limited number of suppliers in our industry, the acquisition of any of these suppliers by a competitor or any shortage, delay, price change, imposition of tariffs or duties or other limitation in our or our dealers' ability to obtain components or technologies we use could result in sales and installation delays, cancelations and loss of customers. 
 Increases in the cost or reduction in supply of solar energy system and energy storage system components due to tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Terrorist or cyberattacks against centralized utilities could adversely affect our business. 
 We face competition from centralized electric utilities, retail electric providers, independent power producers and renewable energy companies. 
 Developments in technology or improvements in distributed solar energy generation and related technologies or components may materially adversely affect demand for our offerings. 
 
 Risks Related to our Financing Activities 
 
 We need to obtain substantial additional financing arrangements to provide working capital and growth capital. If financing is not available to us on acceptable terms when needed, our ability to continue to grow our business would be materially adversely impacted. 
 Servicing our existing debt requires a significant amount of cash. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 timely pay our interest and principal obligations and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our payment obligations. 
 Volatility and continued increases in interest rates would raise our cost of capital and may adversely impact our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulations 
 
 We are not currently regulated as an electric public utility under applicable law but may be subject to regulation as an electric utility in the future. 
 Electric utility policies and regulations, including those affecting electric rates, may present regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar energy systems that may significantly reduce demand for electricity from our solar energy systems and adversely impact our ability to originate new solar service agreements. 
 We rely on net metering and related policies to offer competitive pricing to our customers in most of our current markets and changes to net metering policies may significantly reduce demand for electricity from solar energy systems. 
 Our business currently depends in part on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. The expiration, elimination or reduction of these rebates, credits or incentives or our ability to monetize them could adversely impact our business. 
 Our business depends in part on the regulatory treatment of third-party owned solar energy systems. 
 Technical and regulatory limitations regarding the interconnection of solar energy systems to the electrical grid may significantly reduce our ability to sell electricity from our solar energy systems in certain markets or delay interconnections and customer in-service dates, harming our growth rate and customer satisfaction. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving privacy and data protection laws. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business. 
 Our business is subject to consumer protection laws. Such laws and regulatory enforcement policies and priorities are subject to change that may negatively impact our business. 
 The highly regulated environment in which our capital providers operate could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs") and tax credit carryforwards to offset future income taxes is subject to limitation and the amount of such carryforwards may be subject to challenge or reduction. 
 Changes in tax law could adversely affect our business. 
 If the IRS or the U.S. Treasury Department makes a determination that the fair market value of our solar energy systems is materially lower than what we have reported in our tax equity vehicles' tax returns, we may have to pay significant amounts to our tax equity vehicles, our tax equity investors and/or the U.S. government. Such determinations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 If our solar energy systems either cease to be qualifying property or undergo certain changes in ownership within five years of the applicable placed in service date, we may have to pay significant amounts to our tax equity vehicles, our tax equity investors and/or the U.S. government. Such recapture could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 We do not intend to pay, and our credit facilities currently prohibit us from paying, cash dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates. 
 Ownership of our common stock by current stockholders is expected to remain significant. 
 The price of our common stock is volatile and may decline in value. 
 Provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and payment delinquencies on our accounts receivable. 
 Our actual financial results may differ materially from any guidance we may publish from time to time. 
 If we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth could be limited, and any acquisitions we may make may reduce, rather than increase, our cash flows. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 Mission 
 
 To power energy independence. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading Energy as a Service ("EaaS") provider, serving over 279,000 customers in more than 45 United States ("U.S.") states and territories. Our goal is to be the source of clean, affordable and reliable energy with a simple mission: to power energy independence so home and business owners have the freedom to live life uninterrupted. We were founded to deliver customers a better energy service at a better price; and, through our energy service offerings, we are disrupting the traditional energy landscape and the way the 21st century customer generates and consumes electricity. Additionally, we believe the renewable energy market in which we operate, and investment in climate solutions more broadly, will continue to grow as the impact of climate change increases. While our core business model seeks to help accelerate a global transition to renewable energy, there are inherent climate-related risks to our business operations including, but not limited to, those discussed under " Risk Factors " and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have a differentiated dealer model in which we partner with local dealers who originate, design and install our customers' solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related products and services on our behalf. Our focus on our dealer model enables us to leverage our dealers' specialized knowledge, connections and experience in local markets to drive customer origination while providing our dealers with access to high quality products at competitive prices, as well as technical oversight and expertise. We believe this structure provides operational flexibility, reduces exposure to labor shortages and lowers fixed costs relative to our peers, furthering our competitive advantage. 
 
 We offer customers products to power their homes and businesses with affordable solar energy and related products and services. We are able to offer savings compared to utility-based retail rates with little to no up-front expense to the customer in conjunction with solar and solar plus energy storage, and, in the case of the latter, are able to also provide energy resiliency. Our solar service agreements typically take the form of a lease, power purchase agreement ("PPA"), loan or cash purchase; however, we also offer service plans for systems we did not originate. We make it possible in some states for a customer to obtain a new roof and other ancillary products as part of their solar loan. We also allow customers originated through our homebuilder channel the option of purchasing the system when the customer closes on the purchase of a new home. The initial term of our solar service agreements is typically between 10 and 25 years. Service is an integral part of our agreements and includes operations and maintenance, monitoring, repairs and replacements, equipment upgrades, on-site power optimization for the customer (for both supply and demand), the ability to efficiently switch power sources among the solar panel, grid and energy storage system, as appropriate, and diagnostics. During the life of the contract, we have the opportunity to integrate related and evolving servicing and monitoring technologies to upgrade the flexibility and reduce the cost of our customers' energy supply. 
 
 For our leases and PPAs, we also currently receive tax benefits and other incentives from federal, state and local governments, a portion of which we finance through tax equity, non-recourse debt structures and hedging arrangements in order to fund our upfront costs, overhead and growth investments. We have an established track record of attracting capital from diverse sources. 
 
 In addition to providing ongoing service as a standard component of our solar service agreements, we also offer ongoing energy services to customers who purchased their solar energy system through third parties. Under these arrangements, we agree to provide monitoring, maintenance and repair services to these customers for the life of the service contract they sign with us. In addition, we offer one-time repair services to customers who purchased their solar energy systems through third parties. We also offer complimentary products to our agreements as well as non-solar financing. Specifically, our offerings include a non-solar loan program enabling customers to finance the purchase of products independent of a solar energy system or energy storage system. We believe the quality and scope of our comprehensive energy service offerings, whether to customers that obtained their solar energy system through us or through another party, is a key differentiator between us and our competitors. 
 
 In April 2021, we acquired SunStreet Energy Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("SunStreet"), Lennar Corporation's ("Lennar") residential solar platform that focuses primarily on solar energy systems and energy storage systems for homebuilders. In connection with that acquisition, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which we would be the 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 exclusive solar and storage provider for Lennar's new home communities with solar across the U.S. for a period of four years. We believe the acquisition provides a new strategic path to further scale our solar business, reduces customer acquisition costs, provides a multi-year supply of sites through the development of new solar communities and allows us to pursue the development of clean and resilient microgrids across the U.S. 
 
 We also enter into leases with third-party owners of pools of solar energy systems to receive such third party's interest in those systems. In connection therewith, we assume the related customer PPA and lease obligations, entitling us to future customer cash flows as well as certain credits, rebates and incentives (including solar renewable energy certificates ("SRECs")) under those agreements, in exchange for a lease payment, whether upfront or over time, to the third-party owner, which may be made in the form of cash or shares of our common stock. We believe such arrangements enhance our long-term contracted cash flows and are complementary to our overall business model. 
 
 We commenced operations in January 2013 and began providing solar energy services under our first solar energy system in April 2013. Since then, our brand, innovation and focused execution have driven significant, rapid growth in our market share and in the number of customers on our platform. We operate one of the largest residential fleets of solar energy systems in the U.S., comprising more than 1,627 megawatts of generation capacity and serving over 279,000 customers as of December 31, 2022. For a discussion of how we define number of customers, see " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Financial and Operational Metrics" . The following chart illustrates the growth in our number of customers from December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022. 

Our Dealer Network Model 
 
 While many of our competitors maintain a large, geographically diverse base of employees in local markets, including a direct sales force comprised of home improvement installers, we limit the cost associated with that structure by primarily utilizing a network of local, independent dealers to market, sell and install solar energy systems, energy storage systems, home generators and certain other products and services on our behalf. Our dealers typically reside and work within the markets they serve and provide a localized, customer-focused marketing, installation and servicing process. These dealers are often leading local solar installation companies, electrical services companies or companies that serve customers who are actively searching for solar power, backup power, complimentary services or who were referred by existing customers. When entering new markets, our dealer model immediately provides scale by enabling us to develop relationships with existing local businesses and avoiding the delay and expense required to establish new sales and installation offices. Similarly, because we do not typically maintain local offices, we can quickly refocus our origination efforts and capital deployment strategy to different markets in response to changing dynamics and regulatory developments. Furthermore, because of the low marginal cost to maintain relationships with individual dealers in currently unfavorable markets, we can maintain a strategic presence in anticipation of future developments that may make the economics of distributed solar energy in those markets more attractive. 
 
 Our dealers realize value in partnering with us for a variety of reasons. Although each of our dealer relationships is unique, we believe our dealers choose to work with us because: 
 
 we do not compete with our dealers; 
 we receive preferred equipment pricing as a result of our strong supplier relationships; 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 we offer a wide variety of product structures; 
 we provide easy-to-use software to dealers to assist with the installation process and to price potential solar energy systems and energy storage systems; 
 dealers can leverage our brand and reputation for customer service to support their businesses; 
 we provide comprehensive training to dealers; and 
 we are a stable counterparty our dealers can trust to make payments on time. 
 
 Origination, Installation, Monitoring and Servicing Processes 
 
 Through our dealer network model, we provide a streamlined approach for the origination of solar service agreements and the installation of solar energy systems and energy storage systems. The principal elements of our origination, installation, monitoring and servicing processes are described below: 
 
 Customer Origination and Consultation. Our dealers serve as a local, direct-to-home sales force providing in-person and virtual consultations to source potential customers in each geographic market where we operate. Our dealers reach potential customers through various means, including online, telemarketing, in-store sales, cross-marketing with complementary products and door-to-door canvasing. Using our technology platform and proprietary pricing tool, the dealer and the customer select one of our standard-form solar service agreements for the relevant market. Before proceeding to the design phase, we confirm that every customer understands the terms of their contract with us as well as the expected benefits of the system. 
 
 Design and Engineering . Prior to the dealer's purchase and installation of the equipment, we and the dealers work together to design each solar energy system and, if applicable, related products and services. All of our solar energy systems and energy storage systems are designed with equipment from a pre-approved list of manufacturers. We utilize our extensive tools and services platform, standardized procedures and existing databases to help our dealers comply with our pricing requirements, solar best practices, contract terms, and state, territorial and local regulations. For each solar service agreement, an individualized power production estimate is created by analyzing geographic, solar and weather data with the design's proposed orientation, components and shading. We continue to pursue technological innovation to streamline our review of design and engineering, to expedite installation and to lower costs for our dealers. 
 
 Installation, Commissioning, Quality Assurance and Interconnection . The installation and commissioning phase requires the dealer to obtain all necessary permits for installation and complete our commissioning process for the solar energy system and energy storage system (if applicable), which entails submitting supporting documentation and photographs illustrating the installation of the solar energy system and energy storage system (if applicable) to our quality assurance team for review. Following completion of these steps and our approval of these materials, the dealer submits required paperwork to the applicable electric distribution utility to obtain permission to operate the equipment, schedule required regulatory inspections and arrange for interconnection of the solar energy system to the electrical grid. In some markets where either permission is not required and/or interconnection is not feasible or practical, we may place the system in service without interconnecting to the electrical grid and thereby place the system in service without seeking permission to operate from the applicable electric distribution utility. 
 
 Customer Billing Dates . How soon we will begin billing the customer after the solar energy system has been placed in service will vary by product offering. Lease agreements will begin billing on the first cycle date after the solar energy system has been placed in service, generally within 30 days. PPAs will begin billing on the first cycle date in the next calendar month after the solar energy system has been placed in service, generally between 15 and 60 days after the solar energy system has been placed in service. Loan agreements require the solar energy system must be in service at least 30 days or, where permitted by law, installed for 60 days prior to the date when billing can begin. As a result, billing on loan agreements generally begins the first cycle date in the next calendar month after the solar energy system has been installed or placed in service. 
 
 Monitoring and Servicing . Our monitoring systems utilize cellular or internet connections that allow us to confirm the continuing operation of the solar energy system and energy storage system (if applicable) and with that information, solve maintenance issues through our dealers, third-party service providers or our own personnel. We also collect performance data to improve our pricing, generation estimates and services for our customers. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our Relationships With Our Dealers 
 
 We carefully recruit our dealers, who must meet and maintain our standards to be an approved dealer. Qualifications to be a dealer include: experience in the solar industry (or success in complementary industries such as home security, heating, ventilation and air-conditioning, electrical services, and satellite television), experienced and appropriately certified employees (including multiple installation teams) and possession of applicable licenses. We also perform a review of the prospective dealer's financial condition as part of our recruitment process, a background check on the principal owners of the organization and a careful review of the dealer's online and local reputation. Upon engagement, the dealer enters into a standard dealer agreement with us, which may be amended from time to time, that sets ongoing standards for operations and payment obligations based on different milestones for each project. We provide training, field support and continuing education to help our dealers operate efficiently. This includes training related to our processes, standards and services platform, sales training and compliance education regarding applicable rules and regulations. We actively review our dealers' performance and compliance with our requirements to determine whether to terminate our relationship with any dealer that is unable to meet our performance standards. 
 
 We devote significant resources to maintaining and expanding our relationships with existing dealers. Although most of our dealer agreements allow the dealer to sell services and products from our competitors, we believe dealers find our proprietary technology and operations platform, established supply chain group, commitment to training, quality of service, corporate balance sheet and prompt payment to be incentives to prioritize selling our services. Furthermore, many of our dealers may be hesitant to work with our competitors that have developed internal sales and installation personnel that may compete with certain aspects of the dealer's business. Taken as a whole, we believe these considerations promote long-lasting relationships with our dealers. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Trinity Solar, Inc. ("Trinity") accounted for approximately 19 and 15 of our net originations, respectively. In October 2022, we amended our agreement with Trinity pursuant to which Trinity has agreed to perform services or work exclusively for us for sixty-six months to March 31, 2028 (the "Exclusivity Period"), with certain exceptions, including (a) the sale of solar energy systems, energy storage systems, generators or electric vehicle chargers ("Agreed Products") to individuals on a "cash" basis that do not involve private financing marketed by Trinity, (b) the sale of Agreed Products to individuals who, based on their credit score(s) and other relevant attributes, Trinity reasonably determines do not qualify under our credit and underwriting standards then in effect and (c) the sale of Agreed Products pursuant to customer agreements executed prior to the date of the amendment to the dealer agreement. The amendment permits immaterial failures to comply with the foregoing exclusivity obligations provided that such failures are inadvertent, made without knowledge and/or intent of Trinity's management, and provided that such failures do not account for more than 2 of Trinity's installations in any single year during the Exclusivity Period. In addition, Trinity may install Agreed Products for our competitors in instances in which Trinity has available installation capacity, and, following notice to us that such capacity is available, we can either indicate that we do not intend to use such installation capacity or fail to timely respond to the notice. Trinity's exclusivity obligations do not apply to new roofs or roof replacements, or to Agreed Products sold for commercial applications. Under this arrangement, we have agreed to provide bonuses to Trinity in the amount of 12.9 million for the six month period ending March 31, 2023 and 30.0 million for each of the five subsequent year-long periods. The bonus payments are subject to a true-up payable by (a) us if Trinity exceeds 120 of its annual target or (b) Trinity if it does not meet at least 80 of its annual target, though we will not owe Trinity a true-up for its first year performance under any circumstances. The annual installation targets increase by approximately 2.3 to 7.1 each year. Unlike most of our dealer agreements, the arrangement with Trinity does not permit the parties to terminate for convenience and only permits termination in specified circumstances including material breach (subject to applicable cure periods), prolonged force majeure events, a change of control, certain insolvency events or mutual agreement. For purposes of the Trinity agreement, "change of control" means (a) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a party or (b) any merger, acquisition or other transaction or series of transactions that results in any "person" becoming the "beneficial owner" (as those terms are used in Section 13(d), Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act of more than fifty percent of the voting securities of a party (subject to certain exclusions). Additionally, the arrangement provides for a liquidated damages payment of the greater of 50.0 million or the sum of all remaining annual bonus payments at the time of the termination by the applicable party in the event of termination for material breach, certain insolvency events of or wrongful termination by the other party. 
 
 We have similar contractual arrangements with several other key dealers and third parties. For certain other dealers and third parties, substantially all of the solar service agreements originated by such dealers and third parties are Sunnova agreements, although they are under no exclusivity arrangement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Lennar and Windmar PV Energy, Inc ("Windmar Energy") accounted for 15 and 13 , respectively, of our net originations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Lennar and Windmar Energy accounted for 20 and 11 , respectively, of our net originations. No dealer or third party other than Trinity, Lennar and Windmar Energy accounted for more than 10 of our net originations during 2022 or 2021. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Direct Sales 
 
 We have established an inside sales team to market and sell a limited set of products and services in circumstances where there is no existing relationship between a potential customer and our dealers to market on our behalf. This sales team is primarily focused on selling stand-alone solutions, such as Sunnova Protect Services, Sunnova +SunSafe and financing for electric vehicle chargers, generators and other supplements as requested by consumers. In most cases, these services will be directed to a third-party installer in our dealer network, as required, for the installation of any equipment. 
 
 Commercial Sector 
 
 We have established a division to serve commercial, industrial, agricultural, not-for-profit and public sector customers. This division is primarily focused on offering stand-alone solutions, such as solar energy systems, energy storage systems and electric vehicle chargers as requested by customers, through a lease agreement, loan agreement or cash purchase. 
 
 Grid Services 
 
 We have developed relationships with various independent system operators, utilities, community choice aggregators and others, seeking to provide them with specialized grid services so these grid participants can more efficiently conduct their operations. Examples of these services include demand response as well as grid capacity and voltage management. These grid programs can make use of the solar energy systems, energy storage systems and other technologies installed in customer homes and businesses and managed by us via a centralized platform and internally developed software. By providing grid services, we seek to earn additional revenue, improve grid resiliency and operations where our customers are located, and lower the cost of power to our customers. 
 
 California Microgrid Application 
 
 In September 2022, we applied to the California Public Utilities Commission ("CPUC") for a certificate to own and operate community microgrids in California. This effort, if successful, would allow us to enter into the regulated utility sector of electric service. Our application focuses on microgrids for new communities where the installation of the microgrid can be performed together with the construction of the new community. In February 2023, an administrative law judge issued a proposed decision to deny our application, which will be considered by the CPUC in its decision regarding our application. If the application is granted, we will pursue the construction of behind-the-meter solar energy systems and energy storage systems that are integrated with community-scale front-of-the-meter solar energy systems, energy storage systems, backup generation systems and distribution and microgrid controls, which together will be used to serve the electric requirements for the entire community. The microgrids are expected to be connected to the larger grid so we can provide supplemental electricity to our customers from the wholesale market and sell excess electricity and related products to the same market. 
 
 Software Platforms 
 
 We have developed cloud-based technology platforms for origination, installation, administration, orchestration and servicing of our energy solutions. Our proprietary dealer, customer and energy management software supports customers, dealers and internal users in the sale, installation and management of our products and services. The platforms leverage cloud-based infrastructure and software capabilities using multiple third-party providers, including Salesforce, Amazon Web Services, Heroku and FinancialForce. The platforms are compatible with multiple end-user device types, including smartphone, tablet and desktop/laptop interfaces. 
 
 Our key software systems include: 
 
 Sunnova Catalyst TM Dealer Platform : Sunnova Catalyst enables dealers to manage leads, design systems, generate quotes and create contracts, plan sets and commissioning packages through a combination of web, tablet and mobile device interfaces. As part of the quoting feature set, customer pricing is delivered by a combination of cloud-based technologies including Genability, PV Watts (a service of the National Renewable Energy Laboratory) and proprietary applications running on Amazon Web Services and Heroku. We enable dealers to generate solar service agreement and proposal documents on demand for presentation to prospective customers. Each completed quote is transferred into Salesforce for solar service agreement generation, customer access and reporting. Sunnova Catalyst also includes features to streamline the approval process for the design and installation of solar energy systems, track install progress and establish a standard process for ongoing service and warranty management. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Sunnova App and Portal : Sunnova App and Portal are our mobile and web experiences for customers. The mobile and web apps enable customers to view their solar energy systems' production history, view energy storage system data, pay their bills, manage their account and contact information, make referrals and contact our customer service team. Sunnova App is available for both Android and iOS. 
 
 Sunnova Sentient TM : Sunnova Sentient is our proprietary platform for energy awareness, intelligence and control. Sunnova Sentient powers Sunnova Adaptive solutions for homes, businesses and communities. We are incorporating Sunnova Sentient into our dealer and customer platforms to recommend customer-specific energy solutions and optimize customer products and services. 
 
 Salesforce : Salesforce is our central repository and system of record for all contracts, process documentation, customer account information, maintenance information and payment tracking for the life of the solar service agreement. This single system allows for integrated and comprehensive reporting for the entire life cycle of the customer, from quote to end of the solar service agreement term. Many of our other systems interact with the Salesforce platform. 
 
 FinancialForce : FinancialForce is a cloud-based accounting system built on the Salesforce platform. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 In an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber incidents, we maintain a cybersecurity program designed to monitor, protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems, overseen by our board of directors (our "Board") and guided by external specialists. The program establishes security standards and guidelines for our technological resources and includes training for employees, contractors and third parties and testing by third party experts of our cybersecurity capabilities. As part of this program, we also maintain an incident response plan and retain specialist service providers under contract. Our current security posture and compliance efforts are intended to address evolving and changing cyber threats. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Agreements 
 
 Sunnova Service Agreement Type(s) Sunnova Plan(s) Description Initial Term Sunnova Home Solar Service Lease Easy Plan TM 
 equipment lease 
 Lease of solar energy system 25 years LeasePlus New Home 
 Solar Plan 
 20 or 25 years Prepaid LeasePlus New Home Solar Plan 
 Solar Benefits Agreement 
 20 years PPA Easy Plan TM PPA 
 Sale of solar energy production 25 years Solar 20/20 Plan TM 
 Agreement 
 Covenants 
 20 years Fixed Rate Power Purchase Agreement 
 Loan Easy Own Plan TM 
 equipment purchase 
 Sale of solar energy system 10, 15 or 25 years Sunnova SunSafe 
 Solar + Battery 
 Storage Service 
 Lease Easy Plan TM 
 equipment lease 
 Lease of solar energy system and energy storage system 25 years Loan Easy Own Plan TM 
 equipment purchase 
 Sale of solar energy system and energy storage system 10, 15 or 25 years Sunnova +SunSafe 
 Add-on Battery 
 Service 
 Loan Easy Own Plan TM 
 equipment purchase 
 Sale of energy storage system to be used with an existing solar energy system 10, 15 or 25 years Sunnova Loan Loan Easy Own Plan TM 
 equipment and services 
 Financing of energy-related products and services independent of a solar energy system 
 1 to 11 or 20 years 
 Sunnova Protect Service Service Plan Sunnova Protect Service Monitoring and service agreements for non-Sunnova solar energy systems 1, 5, 10 or 20 years Sunnova Repair Service Repair Service Sunnova Repair Service Repair service agreements for Sunnova and non-Sunnova solar energy systems 1 year Accessory Purchase and/or Roof Replacement Loan Easy Own Plan TM 
 equipment purchase 
 Accessory purchase and/or roof replacement (partial or full) when combined with either a Home Solar Service or Sunnova SunSafe Solar + Battery offering 10, 15 or 25 years 
 
 We focus on growing a geographically diverse customer base with a strong credit profile. We perceive our recurring customer payments as high-quality assets given the broad and relatively inelastic demand for electricity and because our customers typically have high credit scores. As of December 31, 2022, our customers had, at the time of signing the solar service agreement, an average FICO score of 739. The purpose of our stringent credit approval policy is to ensure reliability of collecting payment over the duration of the solar service agreements. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 0.9 of our customers were in default (over 120 days past due) under their solar service agreements. 
 
 Our solar service agreements typically have an initial term ranging from 10 to 25 years. Our lease and PPA agreements typically include an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional 10 years via two five-year or one 10-year renewal options. The customer is obligated to make monthly payments to us, and we operate and maintain the solar energy system and energy storage system, if applicable, in good condition throughout the duration of the agreement. Under our lease agreements and PPAs, the customer's monthly payment or price per kilowatt hour ("kWh") is set based on a calculation that takes into account the life of the equipment and/or expected solar energy generation. The customer has an option of choosing a flat rate without an escalator or a lower initial rate with an escalator. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 44 of our lease agreements and PPAs contained a price escalator, ranging from 0.9 to 3.0 annually. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Our solar service agreements are designed to offer the customer energy cost savings and bill stability relative to centralized utility prices, often resulting in an immediate reduction in the customer's overall utility bill, with little or no upfront costs. We provide our services through long-term solar service agreements in the following formats: 
 
 Lease Agreements . Under the Easy Plan equipment lease, the customer leases a solar energy system from us at a fixed monthly rate that is typically subject to annual escalation. Under the LeasePlus New Home Solar Plan, the customer leases a solar energy system from us at a fixed monthly rate that is not subject to escalation throughout the term of the lease. Under the Prepaid LeasePlus New Home Solar Plan, the lease is prepaid upfront for the term of the lease. The Solar Benefits Agreement is offered to customers in certain states and like the LeasePlus New Home Solar Plan, the customer leases a solar energy system from us at a fixed monthly rate that is not subject to escalation throughout the term of the lease. We own, operate and maintain the solar energy system under our lease agreements. In most cases, lease agreements include a performance guarantee under which we will refund payments or credit the customer if the solar energy system fails to meet a guaranteed minimum level of power production for specified time periods. 
 
 PPAs . We offer PPAs with variable monthly payments or balanced monthly payments. We own, operate and maintain the solar energy system under our PPAs. 
 
 Easy Plan PPA with variable billing . The customer agrees to pay for all power generated by a solar energy system at a price per kWh that is generally lower than the local utility rate. The monthly payment will vary month to month based on the system's actual production. The monthly rate is generally subject to annual escalation. 
 
 Easy Plan PPA with balanced billing . This is similar to the variable billing option except the customer's payments are levelized over the course of a year based on an annual production estimate so the customer's payments are insulated from monthly fluctuations in energy production subject to a true-up at the end of such period. The fixed monthly rate is typically subject to annual escalation. Should the annual production estimate exceed actual production, the customer will receive a bill credit at the end of the applicable period and we may decrease the estimated production (and corresponding monthly payments) for the subsequent year. Should actual production exceed the annual estimate, we may apply the overproduction to a subsequent year or increase the estimated annual production and corresponding monthly payments for the subsequent year. The estimated annual production will not increase more than 110 from the estimated annual production for the first year. 
 
 Solar 20/20 Plan Agreement Covenants . The customer agrees to pay for all power generated by a solar energy system at a price per kWh that is indexed to the local utility rate but is guaranteed to be at least 20 lower than the applicable utility's weighted-average rate that takes into account the customer's estimated production. The monthly payment will vary month to month based on the system's actual production and that month's indexed rate. 
 
 Fixed Rate Power Purchase Agreement. This is similar to the variable billing option except the monthly rate is fixed throughout the term of the agreement and not subject to annual escalation. 
 
 Loan Agreements . Pursuant to an Easy Own Plan equipment purchase agreement, the customer purchases the solar energy system from a dealer using financing provided by us. The customer repays the amount financed plus a finance charge through monthly payments for a term of 10, 15 or 25 years. We purchase the Easy Own Plan equipment purchase agreement from the dealer and agree to operate and maintain the solar energy system. We operate and maintain the solar energy system through our network of dealers. In most cases, Easy Own Plan equipment purchase agreements include a production guarantee under which we will refund payments or credit the customer if the solar energy system fails to meet a guaranteed minimum level of power production for specified time periods. Customers under our Easy Own Plan equipment purchase agreements have the option to prepay outstanding principal amounts, in part or in full, without penalty. 
 
 Energy Storage Systems . Our Sunnova SunSafe program offers customers the option of a solar energy system integrated with a solar storage system. The customer can either choose an Easy Plan equipment lease or Easy Own Plan equipment purchase plan. These are similar to our Easy Plan equipment lease and Easy Own Plan equipment purchase for home solar services but include energy storage systems with the solar energy system. The customer may select a term of 10, 15 or 25 years for the Easy Own Plan equipment purchase. These agreements have a production guarantee for the solar energy system, similar to the home solar service Easy Plan equipment lease and Easy Own Plan equipment purchase plans, except in Guam, Saipan, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and Florida. Additionally, we offer the Sunnova +SunSafe agreement to existing customers in several states and territories, under which the customer purchases an energy storage system (to be used in connection with an existing solar energy system) from a dealer using 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 financing provided by us. Under the Sunnova +SunSafe agreement, the customer repays the amount financed plus a finance charge through monthly payments for a term of 10, 15 or 25 years. 
 
 Sunnova Loan . The financing of energy-related products and services independent of a solar energy system was launched in the fourth quarter of 2021 to meet evolving and expanding customer needs (e.g. electric vehicle charging, home automation, security and energy management). We have established a niche amongst pure financing competitors by providing energy-related products and services with competitive rates and tenors. Where applicable, our products come with a standard manufacturer s warranty on equipment. Our Sunnova Loan offering gives our dealers the flexibility to offer additional products and services to customers outside of a traditional solar loan. Customers may select a pre-defined term ranging from 1 to 11 years. 
 
 Sunnova Protect Services . For solar energy systems not owned or sold by us, our Sunnova Protect Services agreements provide customers maintenance and repairs as well as system monitoring and diagnostics. We provide two levels of service: (a) Basic, which is monitoring only and (b) Premium, which is monitoring plus repair and/or replacement of all equipment under a manufacturer's warranty. The customer may select the level of service and a term of 1, 5, 10 or 20 years. Prior to commencing coverage, we will run a diagnostic evaluation on the customer's solar energy system and will identify any underperforming equipment and estimate production. The customer may elect to repair underperforming equipment, on a time and materials basis, so that it may be included in the coverage going forward. Should the customer decline to repair the underperforming equipment, it will not be covered under the Sunnova Protect Services agreement. 
 
 Sunnova Repair Services . Through our Sunnova Repair Services, we provide repairs to solar energy systems and energy storage systems for out of warranty system repairs or to owners of solar energy systems and energy storage systems not owned or sold by us who do not have a service provider. Additionally, Sunnova Repair Services can address repairs not covered by warranties for both solar energy systems and energy storage systems owned or sold by us and solar energy systems and energy storage systems not owned or sold by us. The variety of repairs that Sunnova Repair Services may provide includes assessment and troubleshooting, warranty administration, warranty fulfillment, preventative maintenance and repair and replacement of equipment. Additionally, suppliers and financiers subscribe to Sunnova Repair Services for repairs on their behalf. 
 
 Accessory Purchase and/or Roof Replacement . Customers have the option to purchase add-on accessories and services, including main panel upgrades, tree trimming, electric vehicle chargers and roof replacements, with financing options when bundled with a new Sunnova Home Solar Service or Sunnova SunSafe Solar + Battery Storage Service agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 24 of our customers had lease agreements, approximately 28 had PPAs, approximately 28 had loan agreements and approximately 17 had service plan agreements. 
 
 We have developed a standardized protocol and set of policies to qualify potential customers. During the solar energy system origination phase, we review the customer's credit application for compliance with our credit standards. Solar service agreements that are accepted must comply with our underwriting standards, which emphasize the prospective customer's ability to pay and the value of the customer's estimated savings under the solar service agreement compared to traditional utility rates. The exceptions are prospective purchasers of homes subject to the Easy Plan equipment lease, LeasePlus New Home Solar Plan, the Prepaid LeasePlus New Home Solar Plan, the Solar 20/20 Plan Agreement Covenants and the Fixed Rate Power Purchase Agreement. These customers are not subject to credit checks and these agreements are freely transferable. 
 
 We maintain reporting and controls in place to monitor the timeliness of customer payments. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 88 of all payments received pursuant to our solar service agreements are collected via Automated Clearing House payments (i.e., the funds are deducted automatically on a monthly basis from the customer's bank account), approximately 7 are collected via automatic recurring credit card payments and approximately 5 are collected through non-recurring means. If a customer becomes delinquent on one or more monthly installment payments, we typically begin a collection process with respect to the customer. 
 
 In the event a customer elects to sell his or her home or business, the customer's solar service agreement may be transferred to the prospective purchaser through prescribed reassignment procedures, subject to certain conditions related to the prospective purchaser's creditworthiness. To initiate the reassignment process, the customer must notify us of the pending sale, after which we will provide a copy of the solar service agreement, including any amendments, to the prospective purchaser. The prospective purchaser will then be required to complete a customer profile and a credit application. With the exception of customers 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 originated through our homebuilder channel, each prospective purchaser's FICO Score and Experian TEC (Telecommunications, Energy and Cable) Score will be evaluated on the same basis as a customer in a new origination and will be evaluated by our computer auto-decisioning system. 
 
 In the event a prospective purchaser does not meet our credit criteria or elects not to be subject to such credit inquiry, the current customer will be required to prepay the solar service agreement in full or the prospective purchaser will be required to provide a security deposit in cash in accordance with such customer's solar service agreement or our transfer policy prior to the approval of the reassignment. Each such security deposit is held in a separate account until the earlier of (a) the time at which the prospective purchaser satisfies our established credit criteria or (b) upon 12 consecutive months of on-time payments following the date of reassignment. 
 
 On a case-by-case basis, we may remove a solar energy system and, if applicable, energy storage system from the property on which it is installed if, among other reasons, the solar service agreement is canceled or otherwise terminated, the customer or solar energy system and energy storage system is relocated, any of the component parts are damaged or the new home or business owner rejects the reassignment of the solar service agreement upon location transfer, if applicable. 
 
 Monitoring and Maintenance Service and Warranties 
 
 Our solar service agreements typically are accompanied by a warranty and/or monitoring and service agreement. The warranty and monitoring services provided with each type of solar service agreement vary but can include operations and maintenance, equipment repairs, monitoring or site power controls and management for both supply and demand. Additionally, our Sunnova Protect program offers monitoring, service and facilitation of repairs across two tiers of service for solar energy systems owned by the home or business owner and installed by a third party. 
 
 Regardless of the type of our solar service agreement, we provide ongoing service during the entire term of the customer relationship, including monitoring, maintenance and warranty services of the solar energy system and energy storage system, if applicable. We have an operations and maintenance administration organization consisting of administration staff and a dedicated monitoring and production team that evaluates the solar energy systems' and energy storage systems' performance daily. When a performance or operation issue is detected via our monitoring system, we provide or arrange for troubleshooting or field services as necessary. We rely on our own personnel and our dealer network to complete the field services required to maintain the solar energy systems. After completion of the resolution steps, the maintenance administration organization verifies remotely the issue has been resolved and the system or energy service is performing as expected. 
 
 Additionally, customers under our solar service agreements receive a range of warranties on the related solar energy systems and energy storage systems, including warranties for module production and against defects in workmanship and against component or materials breakdown. We also provide the customers with a warranty on roof penetrations of up to 10 years in compliance with applicable state, territorial or local law. Through our agreements with our dealers, the dealer is generally obligated, at its sole cost and expense, to correct defects in its installation work for a period of up to 10 years and provide a roof warranty on roof penetrations of 5 to 10 years. Furthermore, we provide a pass-through of the solar photovoltaic panel manufacturers' warranty coverage to our customers, generally of 25 years, and of the inverter and energy storage system manufacturers' warranty coverage, typically of 10 to 25 years. We typically exercise our rights under the manufacturer's equipment warranties or dealer installation warranties before incurring direct charges or costs. Many service expenses are borne by our dealers and not us directly because of the workmanship warranty provided by the dealers to us. Additionally, many component costs are covered by manufacturer warranties. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The amount of electricity our solar energy systems produce is dependent in part on the amount of sunlight, or irradiation, where the assets are located. Because shorter daylight hours in winter months and poor weather conditions due to cloud cover, rain or snow results in less irradiation, the output of solar energy systems will vary depending on the season or the year. While we expect seasonal variability to occur, the geographic diversity in our assets helps to mitigate our aggregate seasonal variability. 
 
 Our Easy Plan PPAs with variable billing, Solar 20/20 Plan Agreements and Fixed Rate Power Purchase Agreements are subject to seasonality because we sell all the solar energy system's energy output to the customer at either a fixed price per kWh or indexed, variable rate per kWh. Our Easy Plan PPAs with balanced billing are not subject to seasonality (from a cash flow perspective or the customer's perspective) within a given year because the customer's payments are levelized on an annualized basis so we insulate the customer from monthly fluctuations in production. In addition, energy production true-ups and production estimate adjustments for Easy Plan PPAs with balanced billing are calculated over an entire year. However, our 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Easy Plan PPAs with balanced billing are subject to seasonality from a revenue recognition perspective because, similar to the Easy Plan PPAs with variable billing, we sell all the solar energy system's energy output to the customer. Our lease agreements are not subject to seasonality within a given year because we lease the solar energy system to the customer at a fixed monthly rate and the reference period for any production guarantee payments is a full year. Finally, our loan agreements are not subject to seasonality within a given year because the monthly installment payments for the financing of the customers' purchase of the solar energy system are fixed and the reference period for any production guarantee is a full year. 
 
 In addition, weather may impact our dealers' ability to install solar energy systems and energy storage systems. For example, the ability to install solar energy systems and energy storage systems during the winter months in the Northeastern U.S. is limited. This can impact the timing of when solar energy systems and energy storage systems can be installed and when we can acquire and begin to generate revenue from solar energy systems and energy storage systems. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We rely on intellectual property laws, primarily a combination of copyright and trade secret laws in the U.S., as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology. We also rely on several registered and unregistered trademarks to protect our brand. In addition, we generally require our employees and independent contractors involved in the development of intellectual property on our behalf to enter into agreements to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our confidential information and proprietary technology. We also continue to expand our technological capabilities through licensing technology and intellectual property from third parties. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 While we are not regulated as extensively as a public utility where our business is conducted in the U.S., we are subject to various national, state, territorial and other local regulatory regimes. For example, in California and New York, we are subject to regulations concerning marketing and contracting promulgated by state public utility commissions. In some states, such as Arizona and Florida, we are limited to offering only a lease agreement or a loan agreement to homeowners and are prohibited from offering a PPA, which is deemed a retail sale of electricity in such states and can only be made by a regulated utility. In Puerto Rico, we are subject to regulation as an electric power company by the PREB and are required to comply with certain filing, certification, reporting and annual fee requirements. Regulation by the PREB as an electric power company does not currently subject us to centralized utility-like regulation or require the PREB's approval of charges to customers. 
 
 To operate the solar energy systems and energy storage systems, our dealers work with customers to obtain interconnection permission from the applicable local electric distribution utility. In many states and territories, by statute, regulations or administrative order, there are standardized procedures for interconnecting distributed solar energy systems and related energy storage systems to the electric utility's local distribution system. In some states, such as New Jersey and Massachusetts, certain utilities, such as municipal utilities or electric cooperatives, are exempt from some interconnection requirements. Provided that the system and energy, if applicable, qualify for the standardized procedures based upon size, use of industry-standard components, location on a suitable local network and other applicable requirements, utilities in such states or territories are required to interconnect qualifying solar energy systems and energy storage systems on an expedited basis relative to non-qualifying systems. Expedited procedures, when available, streamline the installation and interconnection process for solar energy systems and energy storage systems to begin operating. In the U.S. states and territories in which we operate, our dealers typically obtain interconnection permission on behalf of us and our customers using standardized interconnection procedures. 
 
 In certain states, such as California, independent solar energy producers who enter into lease agreements, PPAs or loan agreements with home and business owners for solar energy systems are required to make certain disclosures to the home or business owner regarding the solar energy system and the terms of the agreement and record a notice against the title to the real property on which the electricity is generated and against the title to any adjacent real property on which the electricity will be used. The notice does not constitute a title defect, lien or encumbrance against the real property. 
 
 Our operations, as well as the operation of our dealers, are subject to stringent and complex federal, state, territorial and local laws, including regulations governing the occupational health and safety of employees, wage regulations and environmental protection. For example, we and our dealers are subject to the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA"), the U.S. Department of Transportation ("DOT"), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") and comparable state and territorial entities that protect and regulate employee health and safety and the environment. These include, for example, regulations regarding the disposal of solid and hazardous wastes from the solar energy systems we own. In addition, environmental laws can result in the imposition of liability in connection with end-of-life system disposal, such as in connection with disposal and recycling of batteries. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We and our dealers are also subject to laws and regulations related to interactions with consumers, including those pertaining to sales and trade practices, privacy and data security, equal protection, consumer financial and credit transactions, consumer collections, mortgages and re-financings, home or business improvements, trade and professional licensing, warranties and various means of customer solicitation, as well as specific regulations pertaining to solar installations. 
 
 For a discussion of these and other regulatory requirements, see " Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulations ". 
 
 Government Incentives 
 
 U.S. federal, state, territorial and local governments have established various incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives come in various forms, including rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives such as payments for renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation, exclusion of solar energy systems and energy storage systems from property tax assessments, system performance payments, accelerated depreciation and net energy metering, or net metering, programs. These incentives make solar energy system and energy storage system ownership more attractive to some home and business owners and enable us to charge our customers lower prices to purchase energy generated by our solar energy systems and energy storage systems or to lease or purchase our solar energy systems and energy storage systems than they would normally be expected to pay for utility-provided energy. These incentives also help catalyze private sector investments in solar energy and efficiency measures, including the installation and operation of residential and commercial solar energy systems and energy storage systems. 
 
 Net metering is one of several key policies that have enabled the growth of distributed solar in the U.S., providing significant value to certain customers with solar energy systems for the electricity generated by their systems but not directly consumed on site. Net metering allows a customer to pay the local electric utility only for power usage net of excess production from the customer's solar energy system. Customers receive a credit for the energy an interconnected solar energy system generates in excess of that needed by the home or business, which is provided to the electrical grid. The credit offsets energy usage incurred by the customer at times when the customer requires more electricity than is generated by the solar energy system. In many markets, this credit is equal to the residential retail rate for electricity and in other markets the rate is less than the retail rate and may be based, for example, in whole or in part on the centralized electric utility's "avoided cost" for electricity that it would have had to generate or purchase at wholesale to meet the customer's demand. Furthermore, when coupled with a time of use rate program in certain electric utility territories, a home or business owner may offset usage billed at lower rates with net metering credits provided at a higher rate. 
 
 For these reasons, net metering credits incentivize consumers to use distributed solar in certain jurisdictions, including some of those in which we operate. In some electric utility territories, any excess credits are rolled over to the next billing period and may also be cashed out later at a rate lower than the retail rate. Most states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam have adopted some form of net metering by statute, regulation, administrative order or a combination thereof, although some of these jurisdictions provide for a credit at less than the retail rate. In some jurisdictions, centralized electric utilities have also adopted net metering on a voluntary basis. Some of the states in which we operate, including New Jersey, Maryland, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Delaware, Illinois and Hawaii, have in place policies that limit or permit utilities to limit the amount of total electricity generated through net metering and/or solar energy systems, and some of these states, as well as other states or territories, including Pennsylvania, Nevada, New Mexico and Guam, have policies that limit or place conditions on the size of individual solar energy systems. 
 
 Net metering and other incentive programs are subject to legislative and regulatory review in many states and territories in which we operate, and the availability and value of these programs could be limited, reduced or phased out. Some states such as Arizona, Nevada, California and Kentucky have reduced their net metering credits. Further reviews by these states and others are anticipated and the subsequent amount of net metering credits will continue to be assessed over the next few years in states that have net metering policies. For example, net metering rates in Puerto Rico and South Carolina are up for consideration currently or over the next few years. 
 
 In December 2022, the CPUC approved a successor program to its current net metering program that reduces the value of net metering credits from the retail rate to an avoided cost rate for customers that will have solar energy systems installed on their homes and businesses over the next five years. Customers will also be placed on an electrification rate. Residential customers located in the territories of two of the investor-owned utilities will also receive small adders to the avoided cost rate, while the residential customers in the territory of the third investor-owned utility, as well as new homes and commercial customers in all three of the service territories, do not receive any adders. In addition, it may only be possible for customers to realize savings from installing solar energy systems compared to the utility retail rate by adding storage to their solar energy systems or undersizing them so exports are limited. The decision goes into effect in April 2023. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 New York is working on developing an alternative to net metering through a Value of Distributed Energy Resources credit that would allow certain customers to receive direct monetary compensation as opposed to a net metering credit. This program was expected to be implemented in 2021 but has been delayed due to not enough utilities having deployed smart meters that would enable an accurate valuation of distributed energy production. New York is keeping net metering in place with a nominal customer benefit charge added for solar customers who have solar energy systems installed after January 1, 2022, although that charge is undergoing a legal challenge and legislation has been introduced that would eliminate it entirely. As a result of the Definitive Restructuring Support Agreement ("DRSA") between the PREPA and its creditors submitted in May 2019, which is currently pending before the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico, net metering customers in Puerto Rico may be impacted by transition charges and other requirements. Several legislators publicly oppose the DRSA and negotiations on the DRSA continued throughout 2022. 
 
 In September 2020, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC") issued Order 2222 directing regional transmission operators ("RTO") and independent system operators ("ISO") to remove barriers to the participation of distributed energy resources ("DERs") in wholesale electricity markets on an aggregated basis. While the FERC's order is subject to challenge as well as further proceedings concerning the implementation of the order's directives in each of the RTOs/ISOs, Order 2222 provides a framework that once implemented will allow for aggregated DERs to be compensated through the wholesale market for the capacity, energy and ancillary services they provide. 
 
 In late 2020, we began offering our lease storage customers participation in the ConnectedSolutions demand response program through EverSource and National Grid utilities in Massachusetts. We expanded these offerings for our Connecticut, Rhode Island and New Hampshire customers in early 2021, including loan storage customers. Our storage customers in California have the option to participate in the demand response market to help California manage its electricity demand, where we manage the battery storage system in response to price signals in the energy market for customers served by Pacific Gas and Electric Company and San Diego Gas Electric utilities and work with Clean Power Alliance in Southern California Edison territory to provide demand response and resource adequacy. Additionally, we are leading a voltage support pilot within National Grid s service territory where a portion of its fleet is increasing efficiency of the distribution network through a managed inverter program. Further, we will seek to participate in market specific opportunities and negotiate bilateral agreements, where appropriate, to enroll systems and customers in energy management and demand response programs. 
 
 Many states and territories have adopted renewable portfolio energy production requirements. The majority of states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico have adopted a renewable portfolio standard ("RPS") that requires regulated electric utilities to generate or procure a specified percentage of total electricity delivered to customers in the state or territory from eligible renewable energy sources, such as solar energy systems, by a series of specified dates. In addition, several other states have set voluntary goals for renewable generation. 
 
 Roughly one-third of states with RPS policies require a minimum portion of the RPS be met by electric generation from solar energy systems, with substantial penalties for non-compliance. To demonstrate compliance with such RPS mandates, electric generation providers must submit SRECs to the applicable authority. One SREC is produced by one megawatt-hour of energy generated by an eligible solar energy system. The specified amount of energy is dependent on system size and when the solar energy system receives a "permission to operate" order. Electric generation providers can either generate their own SRECs through solar energy systems they own or they can purchase SRECs owned by other parties. 
 
 SRECs are a distinct product, separate from the electricity generated by solar energy systems. We and our customers apply for and receive SRECs in certain jurisdictions for power generated by the solar energy systems we own. As a distinct product from the electricity generated by solar energy systems, SRECs represent a separate source of cash flow from the sale of electricity. SRECs can be sold with or without the actual electricity associated with the renewable-based generation. Solar energy system owners are typically able to sell SRECs to electric generation providers, such as electric utilities, or in the SREC commodity market. We have hedged a portion of our expected SREC production under fixed price forward contracts. The forward contracts require us to physically deliver the SRECs upon settlement. 
 
 Several states have an energy storage mandate or policies designed to encourage the adoption of storage. For example, California offers a cash rebate for storage installations through the Self Generation Incentive Program and Massachusetts and New York offer performance-based financial incentives for storage. Storage installations also are supported in certain states by state public utility commission policies that require utilities to consider alternatives such as storage before they can build new generation. In February 2018, the FERC issued Order 841 directing RTOs and ISOs to remove barriers to the participation of storage in wholesale electricity markets and to establish rules to help ensure storage resources are compensated for the services they provide. An appeal of Order 841 filed by utility trade associations and other parties challenging the extent of the FERC's jurisdiction over storage resources connected to distribution systems was rejected by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in July 2020. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Some state and territorial governments, centralized electric utilities, municipal utilities and co-operative utilities offer a cash rebate or other payment incentive for the installation and operation of a solar energy system or energy storage system or to customers undertaking other energy efficiency measures. Capital cost or "up-front" rebates provide funds to solar customers or developers or solar energy system owners, such as us, based on the cost, size or expected production of a customer's solar energy system. Performance-based incentives and tariff-based incentives provide payments to solar customers or a solar energy system owner based on the energy generated by the solar energy system during a pre-determined period. These rebates and payment incentives, when available, improve the economics of distributed solar to both us and our customers. 
 
 The economics of purchasing a solar energy system and energy storage system are also improved by eligibility for accelerated depreciation, which allows for the depreciation of equipment according to an accelerated schedule set forth by the IRS. This accelerated schedule allows a taxpayer to recognize the depreciation of tangible solar property on a five-year basis even though the useful life of such property is greater than five years. The acceleration of depreciation creates a valuable tax benefit that increases the return on investment from a solar energy system and energy storage system. We benefit from accelerated depreciation on the solar energy systems and energy storage systems we own. 
 
 The federal government currently provides business investment tax credits under Section 48(a) (the "Section 48(a) ITC") and, for projects that begin construction after December 31, 2024, under Section 48E (the "Section 48E ITC") as well as residential energy credits under Section 25D (the "Section 25D Credit") of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA") was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA expanded and extended the tax credits available to solar energy projects in an effort to achieve President Biden's non-binding target of net-zero emissions by 2050. The IRA extends the investment tax credit for eligible solar energy projects through at least 2033 and, depending on the location of a particular project, its size, its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements and the category of consumers it serves, the investment tax credit percentage can range between 6 and 70 . For projects that begin construction after December 31, 2024, the Section 48(a) ITC will be replaced with the Section 48E ITC, a new clean energy investment tax credit, and the Section 48E ITC percentage will be the same as the percentage for the Section 48(a) ITC and subject to the same requirements to benefit from the full 30 . Following passage of the IRA, retroactive to the beginning of 2022, we are able to claim the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC, as applicable, for energy storage systems whether attached to a solar energy system or stand-alone. 
 
 The IRA also allows qualifying homeowners who purchase a residential solar energy system and/or energy storage system to deduct up to 30 of the cost of installing those systems from their U.S. federal income taxes, thereby returning a material portion of the purchase price of the residential solar energy system and/or energy storage system to homeowners. Under the terms of the current extension, the Section 25D Credit will remain at 30 through the end of 2032, reduce to 26 for 2033, reduce to 22 for 2034 and further reduce to 0 after the end of 2034, unless it is extended before that time. 
 
 Certain states and territories in which we operate offer a personal and/or corporate investment or production tax credit for solar energy. Further, most of the states and local jurisdictions have established sales and/or property tax incentives for renewable energy systems that include exemptions, exclusions, abatements and credits. For a discussion of these and other governmental incentives, see " Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulations ". 
 
 Competition 
 
 We believe our primary competitors are centralized electric utilities that supply electricity to our potential customers. We compete with these centralized electric utilities primarily based on price (cents per kWh), predictability of future prices (by providing pre-determined annual price escalations, where applicable), reliability and the ease by which customers can switch to electricity generated by solar energy systems. We believe we compete favorably with centralized electric utilities based on these factors in the states and territories where our solar service agreements are offered. 
 
 We also compete with retail electric providers and independent power producers that are not regulated like centralized electric utilities but have access to the centralized utilities' electricity transmission and distribution infrastructure pursuant to state, territorial and local pro-competitive and consumer choice policies. Furthermore, we compete with solar companies with vertically integrated business models, such as Sunrun Inc. and SunPower Corporation. In addition, we compete with other solar companies who sell or finance products directly to consumers, inclusive of programs like Property-Assessed Clean Energy, such as Goodleap, LLC and Mosaic, Inc. For example, we face competition from solar installation businesses that seek financing from external parties or utilize competitive loan products or state and local programs. In the future, we may also compete with solar companies that have business models similar to our own, some of which are marketed to potential customers by our dealers. We compete with these companies based on the competitiveness of the products, the overall customer relationship and the commissions we are willing to pay dealers for the origination of new customers. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Suppliers 
 
 The major components of the solar energy systems include (a) solar photovoltaic panels that turn sunlight into direct current ("DC") electricity, (b) inverters that convert solar-generated DC electricity into alternating current ("AC") electricity, the form of energy used by most standard household appliances, (c) racking systems that attach the solar photovoltaic panels to the roof or ground, (d) a remote monitoring system that measures and monitors all energy generated by the solar energy system and provides alerts about system performance and (e) in some cases, an energy storage system that stores excess energy generated by the photovoltaic panels to supplement energy supply during hours when energy consumption exceeds energy produced by the photovoltaic panels. The solar energy system may also be connected to the electrical grid or other supplemental energy sources, such as fuel cells and generators, with additional wiring and electrical hardware. 
 
 We require our dealers to choose all major components of the solar energy system or energy storage system from a pre-approved list of manufacturers and models. By allowing dealers to choose from several manufacturers and models without direct supplier obligations, we have greater flexibility to satisfy customer demand, ensure competitive pricing and adequate supply of components and reduce the concentration of warranty risks. We have entered into master contractual arrangements with each vendor on our pre-approved list of vendors that defines the general terms and conditions of our purchases and those of our dealers, including warranties, product specifications, indemnities, delivery and certain other terms. Our dealers typically purchase solar panels and inverters on an as-needed basis from our pre-approved suppliers at then-prevailing prices pursuant to purchase orders having the benefit of our master contractual arrangements. At times, we will also procure equipment directly and sell it to our dealers. 
 
 For installations of solar energy systems on new homes or businesses, we negotiate pricing directly with the manufacturers for all components used in the solar energy systems. Based upon our production planning model, we position and deliver the material on a just-in-time basis to our dealers to meet the builder requirements. 
 
 We evaluate and qualify our manufacturers and their product offerings based on total cost of ownership, reliability, warranty coverage, credit quality and other factors. All equipment must be listed on the California Energy Commission's SB1 List of Eligible Equipment. All approved solar photovoltaic panels must have a minimum 25-year power warranty and 10-year workmanship warranty. We also require approved solar photovoltaic panels to undergo extended reliability testing as an indication of a 25-year or greater lifetime. Beginning in April 2016, we required all our manufacturers carry a 25-year warranty, or offer a warranty extension to 25 years, on all product offerings to be eligible for inclusion on our approved vendor list. Prior to April 2016, we sourced inverter manufacturers offering a warranty of no less than 10 years. All approved racking systems are required to be solar energy system Fire Class Rated "A" with a Type 1 module per California Fire requirements. Additionally, the racking system must have a Professional Engineers stamp as proof of structural analysis and wind speed certification and the racking system must be certified as conforming to the integrated grounding and bonding requirements of UL Subject 2703. All replacement parts and components must meet or exceed the same standards as those of the original installation. 
 
 In September 2018, the Office of the United States Trade Representative ("USTR") determined to modify its prior actions in its investigation into certain acts, policies and practices of the government of China related to technology transfer, intellectual property and innovation pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 by imposing an additional 10 duty on 200 billion worth of products from China, including inverters. In May 2019, the tariffs were increased from 10 to 25 and may be raised by the USTR in the future. If inverter production is not shifted to other countries before any tariff rate increase on these products, the price of inverters could increase. However, the cost of solar photovoltaic panels and inverters generally do not comprise a meaningful portion of our operating expenses. In addition, many of the solar photovoltaic panel and inverter manufacturers on our approved vendor list are from countries other than China, including Canada, the U.S., Mexico, Vietnam and Malaysia. See " Risk Factors Risks Related to the Solar Industry Increases in the cost or reduction in supply of solar energy system and energy storage system components due to tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations". These tariffs have not had a material impact on our business or our operations. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Our core company values are service, synergy and sustainability. Our core value of service reflects our belief in providing a better energy service to the communities we serve. Our core value of sustainability reflects our belief we do well by doing good. Our core value of synergy reflects our belief we can achieve more by working together. We are focused on collectively advancing Sunnova and the energy industry through collaboration, integrity, respect and long-term trusted relationships, which includes our relationship with our employees. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Oversight and Management 
 
 We recognize the diversity of our customers, employees and communities, and believe in creating an inclusive and equitable environment that represents a broad spectrum of backgrounds and cultures. Working under these principles, our human resources department is tasked with managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, retention, employee relations, compensation and benefits planning, performance management and professional development. Our Board and its committees provide oversight on certain human capital matters, including our inclusion and diversity programs and initiatives. Our management team regularly reports to the Board regarding programs and initiatives, including compensation, healthcare and other benefits, turnover and retention, as well as our management development and succession planning practices and strategies. Our audit committee works closely with our enterprise risk management function to monitor current and emerging labor and human capital management risks and to mitigate exposure to those risks. Our nominating and corporate governance committee has oversight of our environmental, social and corporate governance practices and procedures and regularly evaluates the effectiveness of our social responsibility policies, goals and programs, which also include employee-related issues. Our compensation and human capital committee has oversight of the development, implementation and effectiveness of all pay and benefit programs, as well as succession planning. These reports and recommendations to the Board and its committees and their oversight are part of the broader framework that guides how Sunnova attracts, retains and develops a workforce that aligns with our values and strategies. 
 
 Each employee is required to complete certain compliance training each year that reinforces company policy and culture, including our anti-harassment and anti-discrimination policies. We regularly conduct anonymous surveys to seek feedback from our employees on a variety of topics, including but not limited to, confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities and improvements on how we could make our company an employer of choice. The results are shared with our employees and reviewed by senior leadership, who analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize actions and activities in response to this feedback to drive meaningful improvements in employee engagement. Our management and cross-functional teams also work closely to evaluate human capital management issues, such as retention, harassment and bullying and safety, as well as to implement measures to mitigate these risks. Our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") regularly holds townhalls with employees to discuss operating results, announce important initiatives, recognize employees for years of service milestones and respond to employee questions. Employees are also encouraged to report compliance and ethics issues through our anonymous hotline if they feel uncomfortable speaking directly to their supervisor or management. 
 
 Comprehensive Benefits 
 
 We believe in investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages. We also offer comprehensive and competitive benefits to protect the health, wellbeing and financial security of our employees. To foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of employees with our stockholders, eligible non-executive employees are able to participate in our broad-based stock incentive program and all employees are eligible to participate in our employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 Training and Support 
 
 To help our employees succeed in their roles, we emphasize continuous training and development opportunities. These opportunities are offered through e-learning, online/classroom training, online performance management and goal setting, one-on-one coaching, individual development planning and group training initiatives and cover a variety of topics, such as ethics, code of conduct, insider trading and workplace harassment. 
 
 Safety 
 
 We take our responsibility to ensure the health and safety of our employees very seriously. Our objective is for each of our employees and contractors to go home each day free from work-related accidents and injuries, which are costly and often preventable. To that end, we have developed a detailed safety program that includes, but is not limited to, protocols and procedures governing working at heights, roof safety, motor vehicle safe driving operations, electric shock mitigation and pre-storm weather hazard monitoring in the areas in which we operate. 
 
 Employee Base 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,170 full-time employees and 1,173 total employees. We also engage independent contractors and consultants. We are not party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance 
 
 We maintain the types and amounts of insurance coverage we believe are consistent with customary industry practices. Our insurance policies cover employee and contractor-related accidents and injuries, property damage, business interruption, storm damage, inventory, vehicles, fixed assets, facilities, cyber risk, crime and general liability deriving from our activities. Our insurance policies also cover directors, officers, employment practices and fiduciary liabilities. We may also be covered for certain liabilities by insurance policies owned by third parties, including, but not limited to, our dealers and vendors. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file with the SEC electronically. Copies of our reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Form 8-K and amendments to those reports may also be obtained, free of charge, electronically on the investor relations page on our website located at investors.sunnova.com as soon as reasonably practical after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 
 We also use the investor relations page on our website as a channel of distribution for important company information. Important information, including press releases, analyst presentations and financial information regarding us, as well as corporate governance information, is routinely posted and accessible on the investor relations page on our website. Information on or that can be accessed through our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the inclusion of our website address is an inactive textual reference only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " and our annual audited consolidated financial statements ("consolidated financial statements") and related notes, before deciding to invest in our common stock. We may experience additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us; or, as a result of developments occurring in the future, conditions that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If any of the risks actually occur, they may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In this event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in us. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Historically, we have incurred operating and net losses and we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 
 We incurred operating losses of 81.5 million, 54.9 million and 35.8 million and net losses of 130.3 million, 147.5 million and 307.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These historical operating and net losses were due to a number of factors, including increased expenses to fund our growth and related financing needs. We expect to incur significant expenses as we finance the expansion of our operations and implement additional internal systems and infrastructure to support our growth. We do not know whether our revenue will grow rapidly enough to absorb these costs. Our ability to achieve profitability depends on a number of factors, including: 
 
 growing our customer base and originating new solar service agreements on economic terms; 
 maintaining or lowering our cost of capital; 
 reducing operating costs by optimizing our operations and maintenance processes; 
 maximizing the benefits of our dealer network; 
 finding additional tax equity investors and other sources of institutional capital; and 
 the continued availability of various governmental incentives for the solar industry. 
 
 Even if we do achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase our profitability in the future. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our growth strategy depends on the continued origination of solar service agreements by us and our dealers. 
 
 Our growth strategy depends on the continued origination of solar service agreements by us and our dealers. We may be unable to originate additional solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems in the numbers or at the pace we currently expect for a variety of reasons, including, among other things, the following: 
 
 demand for solar energy systems and energy storage systems failing to develop sufficiently or taking longer than expected to develop; 
 solar energy technology being available at economically attractive prices as a result of factors outside of our control, including utility prices not rising as quickly as anticipated; 
 issues related to identifying, engaging, contracting, compensating and maintaining relationships with dealers and the negotiation of dealer agreements; 
 issues related to financing, construction, permitting, the environment, governmental approvals and the negotiation of solar service agreements; 
 a reduction in government incentives or adverse changes in policy and laws for the development or use of solar energy, including net metering, SRECs and tax credits; 
 other government or regulatory actions that could impact our business model; 
 negative developments in public perception of the solar energy industry; and 
 competition from other solar companies and energy technologies, including the emergence of alternative renewable energy technologies. 
 
 If the challenges of originating solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems increase, our pool of available opportunities may be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to manage our operations and growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of customer service or adequately address competitive challenges. 
 
 We have experienced significant growth in recent periods measured by our number of customers and we intend to continue our efforts to expand our business within existing and new markets. This growth has placed, and any future growth may place, a strain on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. Our growth requires our management to devote a significant amount of time and effort to maintain and expand our relationships with customers, dealers and other third parties, attract new customers and dealers, arrange financing for our growth and manage our expansion into additional markets. 
 
 In addition, our current and planned operations, personnel, information technology and other systems and procedures might be inadequate to support our future growth and may require us to make additional unanticipated investments in our infrastructure. Our success and ability to further scale our business will depend, in part, on our ability to manage these changes in a cost-effective and efficient manner. 
 
 If we cannot manage our operations and growth, we may be unable to meet our expectations regarding growth, opportunity and financial targets, take advantage of market opportunities, execute our business strategies, meet our tax equity financing commitments or respond to competitive pressures. This could also result in declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increased costs, difficulties in introducing new offerings or other operational difficulties. Any failure to effectively manage our operations and growth could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Our growth is dependent on our dealer network and our failure to retain or replace existing dealers or to grow our dealer network could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Our dealer network is an integral component of our business strategy and serves as the means by which we are able to originate solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems in existing and prospective markets. Poor performance by our dealers in originating solar service agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have in the past had disputes and litigation with certain of our dealers over their performance. 
 
 As we grow, particularly in new jurisdictions, we will need to expand our dealer network. We are subject to significant competition for the recruitment and retention of dealers from our competitors and we may not be able to recruit new or replacement dealers in the future. We compete for our dealers with other solar service providers primarily based on the amount and timing of payments for originating solar service agreements, financial ability and our suite of technology tools. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Most of our dealers are not restricted in their ability to work with our competitors and are not obligated to continue working with us. In the past, some of our dealers have chosen to work with competitors of ours or terminated their relationships with us and dealers may reduce or terminate their work with us in the future. The departure of a significant number of our dealers for any reason, or the failure to replace departing dealers in the event of such departures, could reduce our potential origination opportunities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As we develop and expand our Sunnova Protect services, dealers may view us as a competitor and choose to end their relationship with us. 
 
 Additionally, dependence on any one dealer or small group of dealers further concentrates our exposure to risks related to termination of the dealer arrangement, poor service provided by such dealer, the deterioration in financial condition of the dealer and other risks inherent in such a relationship. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Trinity accounted for approximately 19 , 15 and 28 of our net originations, respectively. Although we have entered into a sixty-six month exclusivity agreement with Trinity, pursuant to which Trinity may only originate solar service agreements for us, there are various exceptions to this obligation. For a discussion of exclusivity arrangements with certain of our dealers, see " Business Our Relationships with Our Dealers ". 
 
 If we or our dealers fail to hire and retain a sufficient number of employees and service providers in key functions, our growth and our ability to timely complete customer projects and successfully manage customer accounts would be constrained. 
 
 To support our growth, we and our dealers need to hire, train, deploy, manage and retain a substantial number of skilled employees, engineers, installers, electricians and sales and project finance specialists. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry has increased substantially, particularly for skilled personnel involved in the installation of solar energy systems. We and our dealers also compete with the homebuilding and construction industries for skilled labor. These industries are cyclical and when participants in these industries seek to hire additional workers, it puts upward pressure on our and our dealers' labor costs. Companies with whom our dealers compete to hire installers may offer compensation or incentive plans that certain installers may view as more favorable. As a result, our dealers may be unable to attract or retain qualified and skilled installation personnel. The further unionization of our industry's labor force or the homebuilding and construction industries' labor forces could also increase our dealers' labor costs. Shortages of skilled labor could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase our dealers' costs. Further, we need to continue to increase the training of our customer service team to provide high-end account management and service to home and business owners before, during and following the point of installation of our solar energy systems. Identifying and recruiting qualified personnel and training them requires significant time, expense and attention. It can take several months before a new customer service team member is fully trained and productive at the standards we have established. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented customer service or other personnel, we may not be able to grow our business. 
 
 We do not directly control certain costs related to our business, which could put us at a disadvantage relative to companies who have a vertically integrated business model. 
 
 We do not have direct control over the costs our suppliers charge for the components of our solar energy systems and energy storage systems or the costs to our dealers of installing and marketing such products. This may lead us to charge higher prices for our solar energy systems and energy storage systems than our competitors with a vertically integrated business model, causing us to be unable to maintain or increase market share. 
 
 We may be unsuccessful in introducing new service and product offerings, including our distributed energy storage services and energy storage management systems. 
 
 We intend to introduce new offerings of services and products to both new and existing customers in the future, including home automation products and additional home technology solutions. We may be unsuccessful in significantly broadening our customer base through the addition of these services and products within our current markets or in new markets we may enter. Additionally, we may not be successful in generating substantial revenue from any additional services and products we may introduce in the future and may decline to initiate new product and service offerings. 
 
 Our business is concentrated in certain markets, putting us at risk of region-specific disruptions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 33 , 16 and 12 of our customers were located in California, Puerto Rico and New Jersey, respectively. In addition, we expect much of our near-term future growth to occur in these same markets, further concentrating our customer base and operational infrastructure. Accordingly, our business and results of operations are particularly susceptible to adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions in such markets and in other 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 markets that may become similarly concentrated. See " Certain of our solar energy systems are located in, and we conduct business in, Puerto Rico. Weakness in the fiscal health of the government and PREPA, the damage caused by hurricanes, a series of earthquakes that affected the island in December 2019 and early 2020 and potential tax increases that may increase our cost of conducting business in Puerto Rico, create uncertainty that may adversely impact us. In addition, we are subject to administrative proceedings instituted by the PREB " and " General Risk Factors We are not able to insure against all potential risks and we may become subject to higher insurance premiums ". Any of these conditions, even if only in one such market, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, all of our current solar energy systems are located in the U.S. and its territories, which makes us particularly susceptible to adverse changes in U.S. tax laws. 
 
 Our corporate and operational headquarters is located in Houston, Texas, an area that has a heightened risk of hurricanes and other natural disasters. We may not have adequate insurance, including business interruption insurance, to compensate us for losses that may occur from any such significant events. A significant natural disaster, such as a hurricane, a public health crisis, such as a pandemic, or civil unrest could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, acts of terrorism or malicious computer viruses could cause disruptions in our or our dealers' businesses or the economy as a whole. To the extent these disruptions result in delays or cancellations of installations or the deployment of our solar service offerings, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 
 Certain of our solar energy systems are located in, and we conduct business in, Puerto Rico. Weakness in the fiscal health of the government and PREPA, the damage caused by hurricanes, a series of earthquakes that affected the island in December 2019 and early 2020 and potential tax increases that may increase our cost of conducting business in Puerto Rico, create uncertainty that may adversely impact us. In addition, we are subject to administrative proceedings instituted by the PREB. 
 
 Puerto Rico is a significant market for our business, representing 16 and 13 of our customers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and has suffered from significant economic difficulties in recent years. As a result of the continued weakness of the Puerto Rico economy, liquidity constraints and a lack of market access, the credit ratings of the Puerto Rico government's general obligation bonds and guaranteed bonds, as well as the ratings of most of the Puerto Rico public corporations, including PREPA, are non-investment grade by Moody's, S P and Fitch Ratings. 
 
 Puerto Rico has also enacted certain measures that could increase the cost of solar energy systems. In 2015, the Puerto Rico government increased the sales and use tax from 7 to 11.5 . Although leases are currently exempt from such sales and use tax pursuant to Act No. 83-2010, the increase in sales tax is applicable to repair and maintenance services. Additionally, in October 2015, Puerto Rico enacted a 4 sales tax to previously exempt business-to-business transactions. Should our current exemption expire or additional taxes be imposed, the tax increase may impose greater costs on our future and current customers, which may hinder our future origination efforts and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth. Future changes in Puerto Rico tax law could affect our tax position and adversely impact our business. 
 
 Although Puerto Rico had already suffered from economic difficulties in recent years, Hurricane Fiona in 2022 and Hurricanes Irma and Maria in 2017, catastrophic weather events whose effects have been long enduring, earthquakes in the southwest of the island beginning in 2019 and continuing through 2020 and the COVID-19 pandemic have caused significant additional disruption to the island's electric grid and economic activity. The continued weakness of the Puerto Rico economy has strained the fiscal health of the government, which may create uncertainty that may adversely impact us. Furthermore, the future financial condition and prospects of PREPA are uncertain, which could negatively impact the availability and the reliability of Puerto Rico's electrical grid and adversely impact our operations on the island. 
 
 In 2018, the government of Puerto Rico enacted legislation that set in motion the privatization of PREPA. Said legislation governs the establishment of public-private partnerships ("P3") with respect to the concession for the distribution and transmission assets, services and facilities of PREPA, including its generation assets. In the summer of 2020, the government of Puerto Rico signed a 15-year P3 agreement with LUMA Energy, LLC to operate, maintain and modernize PREPA's electric transmission and distribution system. Moreover, in November 2020, the government announced that several companies had been qualified as part of the procurement process related to the Request for Qualifications for the management and operation of PREPA's legacy generation assets. In January 2023, the management and operation of PREPA's legacy generation assets was awarded to Genera PR, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New Fortress Energy Inc. 
 
 Legislation enacted in April 2019 requires a study of net metering to be completed within five years, which may result in revisions to the existing rules. However, no changes can be made to retail net metering for five years after the date the legislation was enacted. Meanwhile, "true" net metering will continue to apply, meaning the credit for energy exported by net 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 metering clients will equal the value of such energy under the rate applicable to those clients and accordingly, their charges will be based on their net consumption. Customers subject to this regime will continue to be covered by it on a legacy basis for a period of 20 years from the date of their net metering agreements. 
 
 Net metering customers in Puerto Rico may be impacted by transition charges and other requirements contemplated in a restructuring agreement between PREPA and its creditors, currently pending before the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico in bankruptcy-like proceedings under Title III of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act ("PROMESA"). PROMESA provides PREPA with access to a workout process similar to bankruptcy. In response to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, however, the approval of the restructuring agreement has been stayed, and the government announced in December 2020 that it continues to conduct diligence to determine whether, among other things, the terms of the restructuring agreement should be renegotiated and the parameters for doing so. 
 
 While we do not currently contract directly with the Puerto Rico government or PREPA, continued weakness in the Puerto Rico economy or the failure of the Puerto Rico government to manage its fiscal challenges in an orderly manner could result in policy decisions we do not anticipate and may directly or indirectly adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is unclear whether the selection of private concessionaires for PREPA's transmission and distribution system and legacy generation assets may have an impact on our business. 
 
 The PREB has instituted administrative proceedings regarding customer complaints about our Puerto Rican operations, the operations of some of our dealers in Puerto Rico and certain Sunnova policies and procedures related to contract disclosures and invoice disputes in Puerto Rico. At this time, we are unable to determine whether the PREB will seek penalties against us in the future in connection with these proceedings or require a change in our practices and procedures. Based on this matter, the U.S. Better Business Bureau listed Sunnova as not accredited. We have not experienced a material impact as a result of the listing. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and future pandemics could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in and may continue to result in widespread adverse impacts on the global economy. We have experienced some resulting disruptions to our business operations as the COVID-19 virus has continued to evolve and circulate through the states and U.S. territories in which we operate and foreign markets in which we may expand to in the future. We and our dealers modified certain business and workforce practices (including those related to new contract origination, installation and servicing of solar energy systems and employee work locations) to conform to government restrictions and best practices encouraged by governmental and regulatory authorities. Such modifications have allowed our dealers to continue to install and us to continue to service solar energy systems, but may also disrupt our operations, impede productivity or otherwise be ineffective in the future. Additionally, there are new and more frequent attempts by malicious third parties seeking to take advantage of our employees while working remotely to fraudulently gain access to our systems, which could cause us to expend significant resources to remediate and could damage our reputation. The complexity of resuming operations in our offices under a hybrid workplace model may adversely impact the productivity, health and well-being of our workforce and exacerbate security and execution risks that could cause us to lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and harm our revenues and earnings. If there are additional outbreaks of the COVID-19 virus or other viruses or more stringent health and safety guidelines are adopted, our and our dealers' ability to continue performing installations and service calls may be adversely impacted. A significant or extended decline in new contract origination may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 There is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent and duration of governmental and other measures implemented to try to slow the spread of the COVID-19 virus, such as large-scale travel bans and restrictions, border closures, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business and government shutdowns. Restrictions of this nature have caused, and may continue to cause, us and our dealers to experience operational delays and may cause milestones or deadlines related to our exclusivity arrangements to be missed. While many countries have lifted or will soon lift such measures, and the United States has announced it will lift such measures in May 2023, if there are additional outbreaks of the COVID-19 virus or other viruses, such measures may be implemented again. To date, we have not received notices from our dealers regarding performance delays resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; however, we have seen delays in most jurisdictions from whom we must receive permission to operate for our solar energy systems to be placed in service. Worsening economic conditions could result in less favorable outcomes over time, which would impact our future financial performance. Finally, if supply chains become significantly disrupted due to additional outbreaks of the COVID-19 virus or other viruses or more stringent health and safety guidelines are implemented, our ability to install and service solar energy systems could become adversely impacted. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot predict the full impact the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics or the significant disruption and volatility currently being experienced in the capital markets will have on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations at this time due to numerous uncertainties. The ultimate impact will depend on future developments, including, among other things, the ultimate duration of the COVID-19 virus, the distribution, acceptance and efficacy of the vaccine, the depth and duration of the economic downturn and other economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the consequences of governmental and other measures designed to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus, actions taken by governmental authorities, customers, dealers and other third parties, our ability and the ability of our customers, potential customers and dealers to adapt to operating in a changed environment and the timing and extent to which normal economic and operating conditions resume. 
 
 Dealer and marketplace confidence in our liquidity and long-term business prospects is important for building and maintaining our business. 
 
 Our financial condition, operating results and business prospects may suffer materially if we are unable to establish and maintain confidence about our liquidity and business prospects among dealers, consumers and within our industry. Our dealer network is an integral component of our business strategy and serves as the means by which we are able to rapidly and successfully expand within existing and prospective markets. Dealers and other third parties will be less likely to enter into dealer agreements with us or originate new solar service agreements if they are uncertain we will be able to make payments on time, our business will succeed or our operations will continue for many years. 
 
 Our solar energy systems and energy storage systems require ongoing maintenance and support. If we were to reduce operations, even years from now, buyers of our solar energy systems and energy storage systems from years earlier might have difficulty having us provide or arrange repairs or other services to our and their solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which remain our responsibility under the terms of our solar service agreements. As a result, consumers may be less likely to enter into solar service agreements with us if they are uncertain our business will succeed or our operations will continue for many years. 
 
 Accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among dealers, customers and other parties in our liquidity and long-term business prospects. We may not succeed in our efforts to build this confidence. 
 
 Damage to our brand and reputation or change or loss of use of our brand could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 We depend significantly on our reputation for high-quality products, excellent customer service and the brand name "Sunnova" to attract new customers and grow our business. If we fail to continue to deliver our solar energy systems or energy storage systems within the planned timelines, if our offerings do not perform as anticipated or if we damage any of our customers' properties or delay or cancel projects, our brand and reputation could be significantly impaired. Future technological improvements may allow us to offer lower prices or offer new technology to new customers; however, technical limitations in our current solar energy systems and energy storage systems may prevent us from offering such lower prices or new technology to our existing customers. The inability of our current customers to benefit from technological improvements could cause our existing customers to lower the value they perceive our existing products offer and impair our brand and reputation. 
 
 In addition, given the sheer number of interactions our personnel or dealers operating on our behalf have with customers and potential customers, it is inevitable that some customers' and potential customers' interactions with our company or dealers operating on our behalf will be perceived as less than satisfactory. This has led to instances of customer complaints, some of which have affected our digital footprint on rating websites and social media platforms. If we cannot manage our hiring and training processes to avoid or minimize these issues to the extent possible, our reputation may be harmed and our ability to attract new customers would suffer. 
 
 In addition, if we were to no longer use, lose the right to continue to use or if others use the "Sunnova" brand, we could lose recognition in the marketplace among customers, suppliers and dealers, which could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and would require financial and other investment and management attention in new branding, which may not be as successful. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating results and our ability to grow may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year, which could make our future performance difficult to predict and could cause our operating results for a particular period to fall below expectations. 
 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results and our ability to grow are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly in the future. We have experienced seasonal and quarterly fluctuations in the past and expect to experience such fluctuations in the future. In addition to the other risks described in this " Risk Factors " section, the following factors could cause our operating results to fluctuate: 
 
 expiration or initiation of any governmental rebates or incentives; 
 significant fluctuations in customer demand for our solar energy services, solar energy systems and energy storage systems; 
 our dealers' ability to complete installations in a timely manner; 
 our and our dealers' ability to gain interconnection permission for an installed solar energy system from the relevant utility; 
 the availability, terms and costs of suitable financing; 
 the amount, timing of sales and potential decreases in value of SRECs; 
 our ability to continue to expand our operations and the amount and timing of expenditures related to this expansion; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital-raising activities or commitments; 
 changes in our pricing policies or terms or those of our competitors, including centralized electric utilities; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our competitors' businesses, technology or the competitive landscape; and 
 natural disasters or other weather or meteorological conditions. 
 
 For these or other reasons, the results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. 
 
 Inflation could result in decreased value from future contractual payments and higher expenses for labor and equipment, which, in turn, could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Any future increase in inflation may adversely affect our costs, including our dealers' cost of labor and equipment, and may result in a decrease in value in our future contractual payments. Many of our solar service agreements, which generally have a term ranging from 10 to 25 years, do not contain any pricing escalators. The pricing escalators we do have may not keep pace with inflation, which would result in the agreement yielding decreased value over time. These factors could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 An increase in interest rates may result in a decrease in origination for our homebuilder channel and a reduction in principal prepayments by our customers. 
 
 Origination for our homebuilder channel relies on the construction and sale of new homes by our homebuilder partners. Many customers of our homebuilder partners rely on mortgage loans from banks and other lenders to finance a substantial portion of the purchase price for their home. Increased mortgage interest rates may lead to lower demand for new homes and a reduced number of homes available for solar origination through our homebuilder channel. Additionally, increased interest rates may result in fewer secondary home sales, a reduction in the number of customers refinancing their mortgage and uncertainty about the economy. This could result in a material reduction in the amount of our customers making principal prepayments of their loans. 
 
 Future expansions of our operations may subject us to additional risks. 
 
 We may in the future expand into other industry verticals. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop products and services that are valued for these new industries. Our investment of resources to develop products and services for the new industries we enter into may either be insufficient or result in expenses that are excessive as compared to the revenue that we may earn in launching such vertical. 
 
 Additionally, our experience is in the U.S. solar energy system industry and, therefore, we may not be adequately prepared for entry into a new industry vertical, should it occur. As we explore additional opportunities, we can make no assurance that we will be able to accurately forecast demand (or lack thereof) for our products or services or that new industries would be receptive to our products or services. Failure to predict demand or growth accurately in new industries could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Any future international operations may subject us to risks related to currency fluctuations. Foreign currencies periodically experience rapid and/or large fluctuations in value against the U.S. dollar. A weakened U.S. dollar could increase the cost of procurement of raw materials, by our suppliers, from foreign jurisdictions and operating expenses in foreign locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our planned international expansion further subjects us to currency risk. 
 
 Since the price at which we originate solar energy systems from our dealers is generated in U.S. dollars, we are mostly insulated from currency fluctuations. However, since suppliers of our dealers often incur a significant amount of their costs by purchasing raw materials and generating operating expenses in foreign currencies, if the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates significantly or for a prolonged period of time against these other currencies, this may cause those suppliers to raise the prices they charge us and our dealers, which in turn could harm our business and results of operations. Although the value of the U.S. dollar has been high relative to other currencies in recent periods, there is no guarantee this trend will continue. 
 
 If we are unsuccessful in developing and maintaining our proprietary technology, including our Catalyst software, our ability to attract and retain dealers and customers could be impaired, our competitive position and our ability to raise capital could be harmed and our results of operations and financial position could be harmed. 
 
 Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain our proprietary technology that supports our solar service offerings, including our design and proposal software, Catalyst. In addition, we rely, and expect to continue to rely, on licensing agreements with certain third parties for aerial images that allow us to efficiently and effectively analyze a customer's rooftop for solar energy system specifications. In the event our current or future products require features that we have not developed or licensed, or we lose the benefit of an existing license, we will be required to develop or obtain such technology through purchase, license or other arrangements. If the required technology is not available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may incur additional expenses in an effort to internally develop the required technology. 
 
 We intend to expand our operations to include international activities, which will subject us to a number of risks. 
 
 Our long-term strategic plans include international expansion, including expansion into jurisdictions that have characteristics similar to those in which we currently operate. Risks inherent to international operations include the following: 
 
 the inability to work successfully with dealers with local expertise to originate international solar service agreements; 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations, including export and import laws and regulations, privacy and data protection laws, economic sanctions laws and regulations, tax laws and regulations, environmental regulations, labor laws and other government requirements, approvals, permits and licenses; 
 laws and legal systems less developed or less predictable than those in the U.S.; 
 changes in general economic and political conditions in the jurisdictions where we operate, including changes in government incentives related to power generation and solar electricity; 
 political and economic instability, including wars, acts of terrorism, political unrest, boycotts, curtailments of trade and other business restrictions; 
 the negative effects of military conflicts, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, and any escalation or expansion of hostilities; 
 difficulties and costs in recruiting and retaining individuals skilled in international business operations; 
 international business practices may conflict with U.S. customs or legal requirements, including anti bribery and corruption regulations; 
 financial risks, such as longer sales and payment cycles and greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable or executing self-help remedies, if necessary; 
 deficient or unreliable records related to real property ownership; 
 potentially lower margins due to a lower average income level; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar; and 
 the inability to obtain, maintain or enforce intellectual property rights, including inability to apply for or register material trademarks in foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market position. 
 
 Doing business in foreign markets requires us to be able to respond to rapid changes in market, legal, political and conflict conditions in these countries. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political environments. We may not be able to develop and implement policies and strategies that will be effective in each location where we do business. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 If our allowance for credit losses is not enough to cover actual credit losses from our customer notes receivable portfolio, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. 
 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses, which is a reserve that represents our best estimate of actual credit losses we may experience in our existing customer notes receivable portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects our continuing evaluation of factors including the financial asset type, customer credit rating, contractual term, vintage, volume and trends in delinquencies, nonaccruals, write-offs and present economic, political and regulatory conditions. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves subjectivity in our modeling and requires us to make estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes or vary from our historical experience. Deterioration in economic conditions affecting our customers, including the effects of rising inflation in the U.S., new information regarding existing loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for credit losses. Furthermore, if write-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for credit losses we will need to increase the allowance for credit losses in future periods. Any increases in the allowance for credit losses will result in an increase in net loss and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , in January 2020, which requires entities to use a forward-looking expected loss approach, referred to as the current expected credit loss ("CECL") methodology in place of the previously-used incurred loss model. In future periods, CECL may result in increased reserves during or in advance of an economic downturn. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for credit losses for any reason, such increase could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Certain of our key operational metrics, including estimated gross contracted customer value, are based on various assumptions and estimates we make that cover an extended period of time. Actual experience may vary materially from these estimates and assumptions and therefore undue reliance should not be placed on these metrics. 
 
 Our key operational metrics include a number of assumptions and estimates we make that cover an extended period of time (up to 35 years) and may not prove accurate. In calculating estimated gross contracted customer value, we estimate projected monthly customer payments over the remaining life of our solar service agreements, which typically range from 10 to 25 years in length with an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional 10 years, and from the future sale of related SRECs. These estimated future cash flows depend on various factors including but not limited to solar service agreement type, contracted rates, customer loss rates, expected sun hours and the projected production capacity of the solar equipment installed. Additionally, in calculating estimated gross contracted customer value we also estimate cash distributions to tax equity fund investors and operating, maintenance and administrative expenses associated with the solar service agreements, including expenses related to accounting, reporting, audit, insurance, maintenance and repairs over the remaining life of our solar service agreements. 
 
 Furthermore, in calculating estimated gross contracted customer value, we discount our future net cash flows at 6 based in part on industry practice and in part on the interest rate obtained on certain recent securitizations. This discount rate might not be the most appropriate discount rate based on interest rates in effect from time to time and industry or company-specific risks associated with these cash flows and the appropriate discount rate for these estimates may change in the future due to the level of inflation, rising interest rates, our cost of capital, customer default rates and consumer demand for solar energy systems, among other things. We also assume customer losses of 0 in calculating these metrics even though we expect to have some minimal level of customer losses over the life of our contracts. To illustrate the way in which actual results may change, we present sensitivities around the discount rate and the rate of customer losses, although these sensitivities may not capture the most appropriate discount rate or the rate of customer losses we will experience. For a discussion of estimated gross contracted customer value and the related discount rate and such sensitivities, see " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Financial and Operational Metrics Estimated Gross Contracted Customer Value ". 
 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled nor applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to these operational metrics or their components. The estimates discussed above are based on a combination of assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate over time. Such inaccuracies could be material, particularly given the estimates relate to cash flows up to 35 years in the future. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to the Solar Industry 
 
 If sufficient additional demand for solar energy systems does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our origination of solar service agreements may decrease. 
 
 The distributed solar energy market is at a relatively early stage of development in comparison to fossil fuel-based electricity generation. If additional demand for distributed solar energy systems fails to develop sufficiently or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, we may be unable to originate additional solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems to grow our business. In addition, demand for solar energy systems and energy storage systems in our targeted markets may not develop to the extent we anticipate. As a result, we may be unsuccessful in broadening our customer base through origination of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems within our current markets or in new markets we may enter. 
 
 Many factors may affect the demand for solar energy systems, including the following: 
 
 availability, substance and magnitude of solar support programs including government targets, subsidies, incentives, renewable portfolio standards and net metering rules; 
 the relative pricing of other conventional and non-renewable energy sources, such as natural gas, coal, oil and other fossil fuels, wind, utility-scale solar, nuclear, geothermal and biomass; 
 performance, reliability and availability of energy generated by solar energy systems compared to conventional and other non-solar renewable energy sources; 
 availability and performance of energy storage technology, the ability to implement such technology for use in conjunction with solar energy systems and the cost competitiveness such technology provides to customers as compared to costs for those customers reliant on the conventional electrical grid; and 
 general economic conditions and the levels of inflation and interest rates. 
 
 The solar energy industry is constantly evolving, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects. We cannot be certain if historical growth rates reflect future opportunities or whether growth anticipated by us will be realized. The failure of distributed solar energy to achieve, or its being significantly delayed in achieving, widespread adoption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A material reduction in the retail price of electricity charged by electric utilities or other retail electricity providers would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Decreases in the retail price of electricity from electric utilities or from other retail electric providers, including other renewable energy sources such as larger-scale solar energy systems, could make our offerings less economically attractive. The price of electricity from utilities could decrease as a result of: 
 
 the construction of a significant number of new power generation plants, whether generated by natural gas, nuclear power, coal or renewable energy; 
 the construction of additional electric transmission and distribution lines; 
 a reduction in the price of natural gas or other natural resources as a result of increased supply due to new drilling techniques or other technological developments, a relaxation of associated regulatory standards or broader economic or policy developments; 
 less demand for electricity due to energy conservation technologies and public initiatives to reduce electricity consumption or to recessionary economic conditions; and 
 development of competing energy technologies that provide less expensive energy. 
 
 A reduction in electric utilities' rates or changes to peak hour pricing policies or rate design (such as the adoption of a fixed or flat rate) could also make our offerings less competitive with the price of electricity from the electrical grid. If the cost of energy available from electric utilities or other providers were to decrease relative to solar energy generated from solar energy systems or if similar events impacting the economics of our offerings were to occur, we may have difficulty attracting new customers or existing customers may default or seek to terminate, cancel or otherwise avoid the obligations under their solar service agreements. For example, large utilities in California have started transitioning customers to time-of-use rates and also have adopted a shift in the peak period for time-of-use rates to later in the day. Unless grandfathered under a different rate, customers with solar energy systems are required to take service under time-of-use rates with the later peak period. Moving utility customers to time-of-use rates or the shift in the timing of peak rates for utility-generated electricity to include times of day when solar energy generation is less efficient or non-operable could also make our offerings less competitive. Time-of-use 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 rates could also result in higher costs for our customers whose electricity requirements are not fully met by our offerings during peak periods. 
 
 Additionally, the price of electricity from utilities may grow less quickly than the escalator feature in certain of our solar service agreements, which could also make our solar energy systems less competitive with the price of electricity from the electrical grid and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business has benefited from the declining cost of solar energy system and energy storage system components and may be harmed to the extent the cost of such components stabilize or increase in the future. 
 
 Our business has benefited from the declining cost of solar energy system and energy storage system components and to the extent such costs stabilize, decline at a slower rate or increase, our future growth rate may be negatively impacted. The declining cost of solar energy system and energy storage system components and the raw materials necessary to manufacture them has been a key driver in the price of solar energy systems and energy storage systems we own, the prices charged for electricity and customer adoption of solar energy. While historically solar energy system and energy storage system components and raw material prices have declined, the cost of these components and raw materials have recently increased and may continue to increase in the future, and such products' availability could decrease, due to a variety of factors, including growth in the solar energy system and energy storage system industries and the resulting increase in demand for solar energy system and energy storage system components and the raw materials necessary to manufacture them, supply chain disruptions, tariff penalties, duties, and trade barriers, export regulations, regulatory or contractual limitations, industry market requirements and industry standards, changes in technology, the loss of or changes in economic governmental incentives, inflation or other factors. An increase of solar energy system components and raw materials prices could slow our growth and cause our business and results of operations to suffer. See " Increases in the cost or reduction in supply of solar energy system and energy storage system components due to tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations ". 
 
 We and our dealers depend on a limited number of suppliers of solar energy system components and technologies to adequately meet demand for our solar energy systems. Due to the limited number of suppliers in our industry, the acquisition of any of these suppliers by a competitor or any shortage, delay, price change, imposition of tariffs or duties or other limitation in our or our dealers' ability to obtain components or technologies we use could result in sales and installation delays, cancelations and loss of customers. 
 
 We rely on our dealers to install solar energy systems and energy storage systems, each of whom has direct supplier arrangements. Our dealers purchase solar panels, inverters, energy storage systems and other system components and instruments from a limited number of suppliers, approved by us, making us susceptible to quality issues, shortages and price changes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Hanwha Q-Cells supplied approximately 68 of our solar photovoltaic panels installed and no other supplier represented more than 10 of our solar photovoltaic panels installed. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Hanwha Q-Cells, Longi Solar and REC Solar supplied approximately 52 , 16 and 10 , respectively, of our solar photovoltaic panels installed and no other supplier represented more than 10 of our solar photovoltaic panels installed. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Enphase Energy, Inc. and SolarEdge Technologies Inc. accounted for approximately 57 and 42 , respectively, of the inverters used in our solar energy system installations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Enphase Energy, Inc. and SolarEdge Technologies Inc. accounted for approximately 64 and 34 , respectively, of the inverters used in our solar energy system installations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Tesla, Inc. accounted for approximately 94 of our energy storage system purchases. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Tesla, Inc. and Enphase Energy Inc. accounted for approximately 80 and 14 , respectively, of our energy storage system purchases. There are a limited number of suppliers of solar energy system components, instruments and technologies. If one or more of the suppliers we and our dealers rely upon to meet anticipated demand ceases or reduces production due to its financial condition, acquisition by a competitor or otherwise, is unable to increase production as industry demand increases or is otherwise unable to allocate sufficient production to us and our dealers, it may be difficult to quickly identify alternative suppliers or to qualify alternative products on commercially reasonable terms and our ability and the ability of our dealers to satisfy this demand may be adversely affected. While we believe there are other sources of supply for these products available, a dealer's need to transition to a new supplier may result in additional costs and delays in originating solar service agreements and deploying our related solar energy systems or energy storage systems, which in turn may result in additional costs and delays in our acquisition of such solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems. These issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 There have also been periods of industry-wide shortages of key components and instruments, including batteries and inverters, in times of rapid industry growth. The manufacturing infrastructure for some of these components has a long lead-time, requires significant capital investment and relies on the continued availability of key commodity materials, potentially 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 resulting in an inability to meet demand for these components. The solar industry is currently experiencing rapid growth and, as a result, shortages of key components or instruments, including solar panels, may be more likely to occur, which in turn may result in price increases for such components. Even if industry-wide shortages do not occur, suppliers may decide to allocate key components or instruments with high demand or insufficient production capacity to more profitable customers, customers with long-term supply agreements or customers other than us, our dealers or other third parties from whom we may originate solar energy systems and our ability to originate solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems may be reduced as a result. 
 
 Our supply chain and operations (or those of our dealers) could be subject to natural disasters and other events beyond our control, such as earthquakes, wildfires, flooding, hurricanes, freezes, tsunamis, typhoons, volcanic eruptions, droughts, tornadoes, power outages or other natural disasters, the effects of climate change and related extreme weather, public health issues and pandemics, war, terrorism, government restrictions or limitations on trade, impediments to international shipping and geopolitical unrest and uncertainties. Human rights and forced labor issues in foreign countries and the U.S. government's response to them could disrupt our supply chain and our operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Historically, we and our dealers have relied on foreign suppliers for a number of solar energy system components, instruments and technologies that our dealers purchase. Our success in the future may be dependent on our dealers' ability to import or transport such products from overseas vendors in a timely and cost-effective manner. We and our dealers may rely heavily on third parties, including ocean carriers and truckers, both of which are experiencing disruptions, shortages and rate increases, in that process. 
 
 The global shipping industry has experienced and may continue to experience ocean shipping disruptions, trucking shortages, increased ocean shipping rates and increased trucking and fuel costs. There has been and may in the future be a shortage of shipping capacity from China and other parts of Asia, and as a result, our dealers receipt of imported products may be disrupted or delayed. The shipping industry has also experienced issues with port congestion and pandemic-related port closures and ship diversions. Disruptions related to the global COVID-19 pandemic may continue to affect trans-Pacific shipping from China. The global shipping industry also experienced unprecedented increases in shipping rates from the trans-Pacific ocean carriers due to various factors, including limited availability of shipping capacity. Our dealers may find it necessary to rely on an increasingly expensive spot market and other alternative sources to make up any shortfall in shipping needs. 
 
 If our dealers cannot obtain substitute materials or components on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, they could be prevented from installing our solar energy systems within the time frames required in our customer contracts. Any such delays could increase our overall costs, reduce our profit, delay the timing for solar energy systems to be placed in service and ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, if the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic continue for an extended period of time or worsen, the supply and pricing of our inverters and other goods and therefore the ability of our dealers to install new solar energy systems could be adversely affected. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations will depend on, among other factors, the duration and severity of the outbreak, travel restrictions and business closures imposed in China or other countries and their ability to recover from such restrictions when they are lifted, the ability of our suppliers to increase their production of goods in jurisdictions other than China, our ability to contract for supply from other sources on acceptable terms and the willingness of our lenders to permit us to switch suppliers. 
 
 Warranties provided by the manufacturers of equipment for our assets and maintenance obligations of our dealers may be limited by the ability of a supplier and/or dealer to satisfy its warranty or performance obligations or by the expiration of applicable time or liability limits, which could reduce or void the warranty protections or may be limited in scope or magnitude of liabilities and thus, the warranties and maintenance obligations may be inadequate to protect us. 
 
 We agree to maintain the solar energy systems and energy storage systems installed on our customers' homes and businesses during the length of the term of our solar service agreements, which typically range from 10 to 25 years. We are exposed to any liabilities arising from the solar energy systems' failure to operate properly and are generally under an obligation to ensure each solar energy system remains in good condition during the term of the agreement. We are the beneficiary of the panel manufacturers' warranty coverage, typically of 10 years for material and workmanship and 25 years for performance, the inverter manufacturers' warranty coverage, typically from 10 to 25 years and the energy storage manufacturers' warranty coverage, typically of 10 years. Furthermore, our dealers provide warranties as to their workmanship. In the event such warranty providers or dealers file for bankruptcy, cease operations or otherwise become unable or unwilling to fulfill their warranty or maintenance obligations, we may not be adequately protected by such warranties or maintenance obligations. Even if such warranty or maintenance providers or dealers fulfill their obligations, the warranty or maintenance obligations may not 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 be sufficient to protect us against all of our losses. In addition, our warranties are of limited duration, ranging from one year, in the case of certain solar energy system and transformer warranties, to 25 years, in the case of certain panel performance warranties, after the date each equipment item is delivered or commissioned, although the useful life of our solar energy systems is 35 years. These warranties are subject to liability and other limits. If we seek warranty protection and a warranty provider is unable or unwilling to perform its warranty obligations, or if a dealer is unable or unwilling to perform its maintenance obligations, whether as a result of its financial condition or otherwise, or if the term of the warranty or maintenance obligation has expired or a liability limit has been reached, there may be a reduction or loss of protection for the affected assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our failure to accurately predict future liabilities related to material quality or performance expenses could result in unexpected volatility in our financial condition. Because of the long estimated useful life of our solar energy systems, we have been required to make assumptions and apply judgments regarding a number of factors, including our anticipated rate of warranty claims and the durability, performance and reliability of our solar energy systems. We made these assumptions based on the historic performance of similar solar energy systems or on accelerated life cycle testing. Our assumptions could prove to be materially different from the actual performance of our solar energy systems, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective solar energy systems in the future or to compensate customers for solar energy systems that do not meet their performance guarantees. Equipment defects, serial defects or operational deficiencies also would reduce our revenue from solar service agreements because the customer payments under such agreements are dependent on solar energy system production or would require us to make refunds under performance guarantees. Any widespread product failures or operating deficiencies may damage our market reputation and adversely impact our financial results. For further discussion of these potential charges and related proposals, see " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Components of Results of Operations ". 
 
 Increases in the cost or reduction in supply of solar energy system and energy storage system components due to tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 China is a major producer of solar cells and other solar products. Certain solar cells, modules, laminates and panels from China are subject to various U.S. antidumping and countervailing duty rates, depending on the exporter supplying the product, imposed by the U.S. government as a result of determinations that the U.S. was materially injured as a result of such imports being sold at less than fair value and subsidized by the Chinese government. While historically our dealers have endeavored to purchase these products from manufacturers outside of China, some of these products are purchased from manufacturers in China or from manufacturers in other jurisdictions who rely, in part, on products sourced in China. If alternative sources are no longer available on competitive terms in the future, we and our dealers may be required to purchase these products from manufacturers in China. In addition, tariffs on solar cells, modules and inverters in China may put upward pressure on prices of these products in other jurisdictions from which our dealers currently purchase equipment, which could reduce our ability to offer competitive pricing to potential customers. 
 
 The antidumping and countervailing duties discussed above are subject to annual review and may be increased or decreased. Furthermore, under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, the USTR imposed tariffs on 200 billion worth of imports from China, including inverters and certain AC modules and non-lithium-ion batteries, effective September 24, 2018. In May 2019, the tariffs were increased from 10 to 25 and may be raised by the USTR in the future. Since these tariffs impact the purchase price of the solar products, these tariffs raise the cost associated with purchasing these solar products from China and reduce the competitive pressure on providers of solar cells not subject to these tariffs. 
 
 In August 2021, an anonymous trade group filed a petition with the U.S. Department of Commerce requesting an investigation into whether solar panels and cells imported from Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam are circumventing anti-dumping and countervailing duties imposed on solar products manufactured in China. The group also requested the imposition of tariffs on such imports ranging from 50 - 250 . In November 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce rejected the petition, citing the petitioners' ongoing anonymity as one of the reasons for its decision. In March 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced it is initiating country-wide circumvention inquiries to determine whether imports of solar cell and modules produced in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam that use components from China are circumventing anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders on solar cells and modules from China. The Department of Commerce's inquiries were initiated pursuant to a petition filed by Auxin Solar, Inc. on February 8, 2022. 
 
 While the investigation remains ongoing, in December 2022, the Department of Commerce announced its preliminary determination in the investigation. In its determination, the Department of Commerce found that certain Chinese solar manufacturers circumvented U.S. import duties by routing some of their operations through Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. Given the Department of Commerce preliminarily found that circumvention was occurring through each of the four 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Southeast Asian countries, the Department of Commerce made a "country-wide" circumvention finding, which designates each country as one through which solar cells and modules are being circumvented from China. However, companies in these countries will be permitted to certify they are not circumventing the U.S. import duties, in which case the circumvention findings may not apply. The Department of Commerce will take a number of additional steps before issuing a final determination. In particular, the Department of Commerce will conduct in-person audits to verify the information that was the basis of its preliminary determination. Furthermore, the Department of Commerce will gather public comments on the preliminary determination to consider before issuing its final determination, which is currently scheduled for May 1, 2023. 
 
 Notably, however, on June 6, 2022, the President of the United States issued an emergency declaration establishing a tariff exemption of two years for solar panels and cells imported from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam, delaying the possibility of the imposition of dumping duties until the end of such two-year period. In September 2022, the Department of Commerce issued its final rule effectuating the two-year exemption period, and new dumping duties will not be imposed on solar panels and cells imported from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam until the earlier of two years after the date of the emergency declaration or when the emergency is terminated. Tariffs may be reinstated following the exemption period, but imports of solar cells and modules will not be subject to retroactive tariffs during the exemption period. The addition of new dumping duties would significantly disrupt the supply of solar cells and modules to customers in the U.S., as a large percentage of solar cells and modules used in the U.S. are imported from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. If imposed, these or similar tariffs could put upward pressure on prices of these solar products, which could reduce our ability to offer competitive pricing to potential customers. 
 
 In addition, in December 2021, the U.S. International Trade Commission recommended the President extend tariffs initially imposed in 2018 on imported crystalline silicon PV cells and modules for another four years, until 2026. Under Presidential Proclamation 10339, published in February 2022, President Biden extended the tariff beyond the scheduled expiration date of February 6, 2022, with an initial tariff of 14.75 , which will gradually be reduced to 14 by the eighth year of the measure. Since such actions increase the cost of imported solar products, to the extent we or our dealers use imported solar products or domestic producers are able to raise their prices for their solar products, the overall cost of the solar energy systems will increase, which could inhibit our ability to offer competitive pricing in certain markets. 
 
 Additionally, the U.S. government has imposed various trade restrictions on Chinese entities determined to be acting contrary to U.S. foreign policy and national security interests. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security has added a number of Chinese entities to its entity list for enabling human rights abuses in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region ("XUAR") or for procuring U.S. technology to advance China's military modernization efforts, thereby imposing severe trade restrictions against these designated entities. Moreover, in June 2021, U.S. Customs and Border Protection issued a Withhold Release Order pursuant to Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 excluding the entry into U.S. commerce silica-based products (such as polysilicon) manufactured by Hoshine Silicon Industry Co. Ltd. ("Hoshine") and related companies, as well as goods made using those products, based on allegations related to Hoshine labor practices in the XUAR to manufacture such products. Additionally, in December 2021, Congress passed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which, with limited exception, prohibits the importation of all goods or articles mined or produced in whole or in part in the XUAR, or goods or articles mined or produced by entities working with the XUAR government to recruit, transport or receive forced labor from the XUAR. Although we maintain policies and procedures designed to maintain compliance with all governmental laws and regulations, these and other similar trade restrictions that may be imposed against Chinese entities in the future may have the effect of restricting the global supply of, and raising prices for, polysilicon and solar products, which could increase the overall cost of solar energy systems and reduce our ability to offer competitive pricing in certain markets. 
 
 We cannot predict what additional actions the U.S. may adopt with respect to tariffs or other trade regulations or what actions may be taken by other countries in retaliation for such measures. The tariffs described above, the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs, trade agreements or related policies have the potential to adversely impact our supply chain and access to equipment, our costs and ability to economically serve certain markets. If additional measures are imposed or other negotiated outcomes occur, our ability or the ability of our dealers to purchase these products on competitive terms or to access specialized technologies from other countries could be further limited, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The solar energy systems we own or may originate have a limited operating history and may not perform as we expect. 
 
 Many of the solar energy systems we currently own or may originate in the future have not commenced operations, have recently commenced operations or otherwise have a limited operating history. Of the approximately 146,000 solar energy systems we owned as of December 31, 2022, 22 , 18 and 14 were placed into service in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The ability of our solar energy systems to perform as we expect will also be subject to risks inherent in newly constructed renewable energy assets, including breakdowns and outages, latent defects, equipment that performs below our 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 expectations, system failures and outages. As a result, our assumptions and estimates regarding the performance of these solar energy systems are, and will be, made without the benefit of a meaningful operating history, which may impair our ability to accurately assess the potential profitability of the solar energy systems and, in turn, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The cost of maintenance or repair of solar energy systems or energy storage systems throughout the term of the associated solar service agreement or the removal of solar energy systems at the end of the term of the associated solar service agreement may be higher than projected today and adversely affect our financial performance and valuation. 
 
 If we incur repair and maintenance costs on our solar energy systems or energy storage systems after the individual component warranties have expired and if they then fail or malfunction, we will be liable for the expense of repairing these solar energy systems or energy storage systems without a chance of recovery from our suppliers. In addition, we typically bear the cost of removing the solar energy systems at the end of the term of the lease or PPA if the customer does not renew his or her agreement or elect to purchase the solar energy system at the end of its term. Furthermore, it is difficult to predict how future environmental regulations may affect the costs associated with the repair, removal, disposal or recycling of our solar energy systems. This could materially impair our future operating results. 
 
 Problems with performance of our solar energy systems may cause us to incur expenses, may lower the value of our solar energy systems and may damage our market reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 
 In most cases, our long-term leases and loan agreements contain a performance guarantee in favor of the customer. Solar service agreements with performance guarantees require us to provide a bill credit (or in limited cases, refund money) to the customer if the solar energy system fails to generate the minimum amount of electricity, as specified in the solar service agreement, in a given term, beginning as early as the first anniversary of the execution of the solar service agreement and annually thereafter. We may also suffer financial losses associated with such credit and refunds if significant performance guarantee payments are triggered. For a description of our performance guarantee obligations, see " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Components of Results of Operations Revenue ". 
 
 We and our dealers are subject to risks associated with installation and other contingencies. 
 
 Our dealers design and install solar energy systems and energy storage systems on our behalf. Because the solar service agreement is entered into between us and the customer, we may be liable to our customers for any damage our dealers cause to our customers' homes or businesses, belongings or property during the installation of our solar energy systems and energy storage systems or otherwise. 
 
 For example, dealers may penetrate our customers' roofs during the installation process and we may incur liability for the failure to adequately weatherproof such penetrations following the completion of installation of solar energy systems. In addition, because our solar energy systems and energy storage systems are high-voltage energy systems, we may incur liability for a dealer's failure to comply with electrical standards and manufacturer recommendations. Furthermore, prior to obtaining permission to operate our solar energy systems and energy storage systems, the solar energy systems and energy storage systems must pass various inspections. Any delay in passing, or inability to pass, such inspections, would adversely affect our results of operations. Because our profit on a particular solar service agreement and related solar energy system and energy storage system, if applicable, is based in part on assumptions as to the ongoing cost of the related solar energy system and energy storage system, if applicable, cost overruns, delays or other execution issues may cause us to not achieve our expected results or cover our costs for that solar service agreement and related solar energy system and energy storage systems, if applicable. 
 
 Product liability claims against us or accidents could result in adverse publicity and potentially significant monetary damages. 
 
 It is possible our solar energy systems, energy storage systems or our other current or anticipated products could injure our customers or other third parties or those systems or products could cause property damage as a result of product malfunctions, defects, improper installation, fire or other causes. We rely on third-party manufacturing warranties, warranties provided by our dealers and our general liability insurance to cover product liability claims and have not obtained separate product liability insurance. Our solar energy systems, energy storage systems and other products or their components could be subject to recalls either to production defects or malfunctions. Any product liability claim we face could be expensive to defend and may divert management's attention. The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages, potential increases in insurance expenses, penalties or fines, subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect sales of solar energy systems or energy storage systems. In addition, 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 product liability claims, injuries, defects or other problems experienced by other companies in the solar industry could lead to unfavorable market conditions to the industry as a whole and may have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems, thus affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We typically bear the risk of loss and the cost of maintenance, repair and removal on solar energy systems that are owned by our subsidiaries and included in securitization and tax equity vehicles. 
 
 We typically bear the risk of loss and are generally obligated to cover the cost of maintenance, repair and removal for any solar energy system we sell to subsidiaries and include in securitization and tax equity vehicles. At the time we enter into a tax equity or securitization transaction, we enter into a maintenance services agreement where we agree to operate and maintain the solar energy system for a fixed fee calculated to cover our future expected maintenance costs. If our solar energy systems require an above-average amount of repairs or if the cost of repairing the solar energy systems were higher than our estimate, we would need to perform such repairs without additional compensation. If our solar energy systems, approximately 48 of which were located in California and Puerto Rico as of December 31, 2022, are damaged as the result of a natural disaster beyond our control, losses could exceed or be excluded from our insurance policy limits and we could incur unforeseen costs that could harm our business and financial condition. We may also incur significant costs for taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, such events. We purchase property insurance with industry standard coverage and limits approved by an investor's third-party insurance advisors to hedge against such risk, but such coverage may not cover our losses. 
 
 The installation and operation of solar energy systems and energy storage systems depends heavily on suitable solar and meteorological conditions, which may be impacted by the effects of climate change. If meteorological conditions are unexpectedly unfavorable, the electricity production from our solar energy systems may be substantially below our expectations and our ability to timely deploy new solar energy systems and energy storage systems may be adversely impacted. 
 
 The energy produced and the revenue and cash receipts generated by a solar energy system depend on suitable solar, atmospheric and weather conditions, all of which are beyond our control. Furthermore, components of our systems, such as panels and inverters, could be damaged by severe weather or natural catastrophes, such as hurricanes, freezes, hailstorms, tornadoes, fires or earthquakes. Our economic model and projected returns on our solar energy systems require achievement of certain production results from our systems and, in some cases, we guarantee these results to our consumers. If the solar energy systems underperform for any reason, our business could suffer. For example, the amount of revenue we recognize in a given period from our PPAs and the amount of our obligations under the performance guarantees of our solar service agreements are dependent in part on the amount of energy generated by solar energy systems under such solar service agreements. As a result, revenue derived from our standard PPAs is impacted by seasonally shorter daylight hours in winter months. In addition, the ability of our dealers to install solar energy systems and energy storage systems is impacted by weather. For example, the ability to install solar energy systems and energy storage systems during the winter months in the Northeastern U.S. is limited. Such solar, atmospheric and weather conditions can delay the timing of when solar energy systems and energy storage systems can be installed and when we can originate and begin to generate revenue from solar energy systems. This may increase our expenses and decrease revenue and cash receipts in the relevant periods. These or other effects could make our solar energy systems less economical overall or make individual solar energy systems less economical. Any of these effects on meteorological conditions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change may have long-term impacts on our business, our industry and the global economy. 
 
 Climate change poses a systemic threat to the global economy and is inextricably linked with our business. While our core business model seeks to mitigate climate change and accelerate energy independence, there are inherent climate-related risks to our business operations. Climate change could exacerbate the frequency and severity of weather events in all areas where we operate. Climate change or other factors could also cause prevailing weather patterns to materially change in the future, making it harder to predict the average annual amount of sunlight striking each location where we install a solar energy system and energy storage system. Potential negative effects of climate change include, among others, a temporary decrease in solar availability in certain locations, disruptions in transmission grids and delays or reductions in new installations. These or other effects could make our solar energy systems less economical overall or make individual solar energy systems less economical. Any of these effects on meteorological conditions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to interruptions or failures in our information technology systems. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems and infrastructure to support our business. Any of these systems may be susceptible to damage or interruption due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunication failures, usage errors by employees, 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 computer viruses, cyberattacks or other security breaches or similar events. For example, we have in the past experienced cybersecurity attacks on our information technology systems or related to software we utilize, and, while none to date have been material, we expect further attacks may occur in the future, some of which may be material. A compromise of our information technology systems or those with which we interact could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and we may experience a loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions. 
 
 Disruptions to our solar monitoring systems could negatively impact our revenues and increase our expenses. 
 
 Our ability to accurately charge our customers for the energy produced by our solar energy systems primarily depends on the cellular connection for the related monitoring system, which we are responsible for maintaining in a functional state so we may receive data regarding the solar energy systems' production from their residences and businesses. We could incur significant expenses or disruptions of our operations in connection with failures of our solar monitoring systems, including failures of such connections, that would prevent us from accurately monitoring solar energy production. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of our solar energy systems or energy storage systems. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate viruses and bugs, or any problems associated with failures of our cellular connections could be significant. We have in the past experienced periods where some of our cellular connections have been unavailable and, as a result, we have been forced to estimate the production of their solar energy systems. Such estimates may prove inaccurate and could cause us to underestimate the power being generated by our solar energy systems and undercharge our customers, thereby harming our results of operations. 
 
 Any unauthorized access to or disclosure or theft of personal information we gather, store or use could harm our reputation and subject us to claims or litigation. 
 
 We receive, store and use personal information of our customers, including names, addresses, e-mail addresses, credit information, credit card and financial account information and other housing or building and energy use information. We also store information of our dealers, including employee, financial and operational information. We rely on the availability of data collected from our customers and our dealers in order to manage our business and market our offerings. We take certain steps in an effort to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the personal information we collect, store or transmit, but there is no guarantee inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur or third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information despite our efforts. We also rely on third-party suppliers or vendors to host certain of the systems we use. Although we take precautions to provide for disaster recovery, our ability to recover systems or data may be expensive and may interfere with our normal operations. Also, although we obtain assurances from such third parties they will use reasonable safeguards to secure their systems, we may be adversely affected by unavailability of their systems or unauthorized use or disclosure or our data maintained in such systems. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we, our suppliers or vendors and our dealers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative or mitigation measures. 
 
 Cyberattacks in particular are becoming more sophisticated and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, disruption of our customers' operations, loss or damage to our data delivery systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data and increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as advanced persistent threats, may remain undetected for an extended period. 
 
 Unauthorized use, disclosure of or access to any personal information maintained by us or on our behalf, whether through breach of our systems, breach of the systems of our suppliers, vendors or dealers by an unauthorized party or through employee or contractor error, theft or misuse or otherwise, could harm our business. If any such unauthorized use, disclosure of or access to such personal information were to occur, our operations could be seriously disrupted and we could be subject to demands, claims and litigation by private parties and investigations, related actions and penalties by regulatory authorities. 
 
 In addition, we could incur significant costs in notifying affected persons and entities and otherwise complying with the multitude of federal, state and local laws and regulations related to the unauthorized access to, use of or disclosure of personal information. Finally, any perceived or actual unauthorized access to, use of or disclosure of such information could harm our reputation, substantially impair our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic generally is increasing the attack surface available to criminals, as more companies and individuals work 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 remotely and otherwise work online. Consequently, the risk of a cybersecurity incident suffered by us or our vendors or service providers is increased, and our investment in risk mitigations against cybersecurity incidents is evolving as the threat landscape changes. While we currently maintain cybersecurity insurance, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover us against claims, and we cannot be certain that cyber insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 
 Terrorist or cyberattacks against centralized utilities could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Assets owned by utilities such as substations and related infrastructure have been physically attacked in the past and will likely be attacked in the future. These facilities are often protected by limited security measures, such as perimeter fencing. Any such attacks may result in interruption to electricity flowing on the grid and consequently interrupt service to our solar energy systems not combined with an energy storage system, which could adversely affect our operations. Furthermore, cyberattacks, whether by individuals or nation states, against utility companies could severely disrupt their business operations and result in loss of service to customers, which would adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Disruptions to our solar production metering and energy storage control solution could negatively impact our revenue and increase our expenses. 
 
 Our ability to monitor solar energy production, energy storage and battery discharge for various purposes depends on the operation of our metering solution and energy storage control. We could incur significant expense and disruption to our operations in connection with failures of our metering solution and energy storage control, including meter hardware failures, energy storage monitoring and control hardware failures and failure or obsolescence of the cellular and other technology that we use to communicate with those meters and controls. For example, many of our meters operate on either the 3G or 4G cellular data networks, which are expected to sunset before the term of our customer agreements, and newer technologies we use today may become obsolete before the end of the term of customer agreements entered into now. Upgrading our metering solution may cause us to incur significant expense. Hardware may also be damaged or these systems may fail to communicate due to equipment failure, manufacturing defects, natural disasters such as hurricanes, freezes, fires and earthquakes, terrorist attacks, sabotage, vandalism and environmental risks. Additionally, our meters communicate data through proprietary software, which we license from our metering partners. Should we be unable to continue to license, on agreeable terms, the software necessary to communicate with our meters, it could cause a significant disruption in our business and operations. 
 
 We face competition from centralized electric utilities, retail electric providers, independent power producers and renewable energy companies. 
 
 The solar energy and renewable energy industries are both highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets and compete with large centralized electric utilities. We believe our primary competitors are the centralized electric utilities that supply electricity to our potential customers. We compete with these centralized electric utilities primarily based on price (cents per kWh), predictability of future prices (by providing pre-determined annual price escalations) and the ease by which customers can switch to electricity generated by our solar energy systems. We may also compete based on other value-added benefits, such as reliability and carbon-friendly power. If we cannot offer compelling value to our customers based on these factors, our business may not grow. 
 
 Centralized electric utilities generally have substantially greater financial, technical, operational and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to devote more resources to the research, development, promotion and sale of their products or services or respond more quickly to evolving industry standards and changes in market conditions than we can. Centralized electric utilities could also offer other value-added products or services that could help them to compete with us even if the cost of electricity they offer is higher than ours. In addition, a majority of utilities' sources of electricity is non-solar, which may allow utilities to sell electricity more cheaply than electricity generated by our solar energy systems. Centralized electric utilities could also offer customers the option of purchasing electricity obtained from renewable energy resources, including solar, which would compete with our offerings. Moreover, regulated utilities are increasingly seeking approval to "rate-base" their own solar energy system and energy storage system businesses. Rate-basing means that utilities would receive guaranteed rates of return for their solar energy system and energy storage system businesses. This is already commonplace for utility-scale solar projects and commercial solar projects. While few utilities to date have received regulatory permission to rate-base residential solar energy systems or energy storage systems, our competitiveness would be significantly harmed should more utilities receive such permission because we do not receive guaranteed profits for our solar service offerings. 
 
 We also compete with retail electric providers and independent power producers not regulated like centralized electric utilities but which have access to the centralized utilities' electricity transmission and distribution infrastructure pursuant to 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 state, territorial and local pro-competition and consumer choice policies. These retail electric providers and independent power producers are able to offer customers electricity supply-only solutions that are competitive with our solar energy system options on both price and usage of renewable energy technology while avoiding the long-term agreements and physical installations our current business model requires. This may limit our ability to acquire new customers, particularly those who wish to avoid long-term agreements or have an aesthetic or other objection to putting solar panels on their roofs. 
 
 We also compete with solar companies with vertically integrated business models, including sales, financing, engineering, manufacturing, installation, maintenance and monitoring services. If the integrated approach of our competitors is successful, it may limit our ability to originate solar energy systems. Many of our vertically integrated competitors are larger than we are. As a result, these competitors may be able to devote more resources to the research, development, promotion and sale of their products or services or respond more quickly to evolving industry standards and changes in market conditions than we can. Solar companies with vertically integrated business models could also offer other value-added products or services that could help them to compete with us. Larger competitors may also be able to access financing at a lower cost of capital than we are able to obtain. 
 
 In addition, we compete with other solar companies who sell or finance products directly to consumers, inclusive of programs like Property-Assessed Clean Energy financing programs established by local governments. For example, we face competition from solar installation businesses that seek financing from external parties or utilize competitive loan products or state and local programs. 
 
 We also compete with solar companies with business models similar to our own, some of which are marketed to potential customers by our dealers, and we may also face competition from new entrants into the market as a result of the passage of the IRA and its anticipated impacts and benefits to the solar industry. Some of these competitors specialize in the distributed solar energy market and some may provide energy at lower costs than we do. Some of our competitors offer or may offer similar services and products as we do, such as leases, PPAs and direct outright sales of and consumer loan products for solar energy systems. Many of our competitors also have significant brand name recognition, lower barriers to entry into the solar market, greater capital resources than we have and extensive knowledge of our target markets. 
 
 We also compete with solar companies that offer community solar products and utility companies that provide renewable power purchase programs. Some customers might choose to subscribe to a community solar project or renewable subscriber programs instead of having a solar energy system installed on their home or business, which could affect our sales. Additionally, some utility companies (and some utility-like entities, such as community choice aggregators in California) have generation portfolios that are increasingly renewable in nature. In California, for example, utility companies and community choice aggregators in that state are required to have generation portfolios comprised of 60 renewable energy by 2030 and state regulators are planning for utility companies and community choice aggregators to sell 100 greenhouse gas free electricity to retail customers by 2045. As utility companies offer increasingly renewable portfolios to retail customers, those customers might be less inclined to have a solar energy system installed on their home or business, which could adversely affect our growth. 
 
 We have historically provided our services only to residential customers, but we have expanded to other markets, including commercial and industrial customers. There is intense competition in the solar energy sector in the markets in which we operate and the markets in which we intend to operate. As new entrants continue to enter into these markets, and as we enter into new markets, we may be unable to grow or maintain our operations and we may be unable to compete with companies that have already established themselves in both the residential market and non-residential markets. 
 
 As the solar industry grows and evolves, we will also face new competitors and technologies who are not currently in the market (including those resulting from the consolidation of existing competitors). Our industry is characterized by low technological barriers to entry and well-capitalized companies, including utilities and integrated energy companies, could choose to enter the market and compete with us. Our failure to adapt to changing market conditions and to compete successfully with existing or new competitors will limit our growth and will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Developments in technology or improvements in distributed solar energy generation and related technologies or components may materially adversely affect demand for our offerings. 
 
 Significant developments in technology, such as advances in distributed solar power generation, energy storage solutions such as batteries, energy storage management systems, the widespread use or adoption of fuel cells for residential or commercial properties or improvements in other forms of distributed or centralized power production may materially and adversely affect demand for our offerings and otherwise affect our business. Future technological advancements may result in 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 reduced prices to consumers or more efficient solar energy systems than those available today, either of which may result in current customer dissatisfaction. We may not be able to adopt these new technologies as quickly as our competitors or on a cost-effective basis. 
 
 Due to the length of our solar service agreements, the solar energy system deployed on a customer's property may be outdated prior to the expiration of the term of the related solar service agreement, reducing the likelihood of renewal of our solar service agreement at the end of the applicable term and possibly increasing the occurrence of customers seeking to terminate or cancel their solar service agreements or defaults. If current customers become dissatisfied with the price they pay for their solar energy system under our solar service agreements relative to prices that may be available in the future or if customers become dissatisfied by the output generated by their solar energy systems relative to future solar energy system production capabilities, or both, this may lead to customers seeking to terminate or cancel their solar service agreements or higher rates of customer default and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, recent technological advancements may impact our business in ways we do not currently anticipate. Any failure by us to adopt or have access to new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could result in product obsolescence or the loss of competitiveness of and decreased consumer interest in our solar energy services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Obtaining a customer contract with a potential customer does not guarantee the potential customer will not decide to cancel or that we will not need to cancel due to a failed inspection, which could cause us to generate no revenue despite incurring costs and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Even after we secure a customer contract with a potential customer, we (either through our dealers or directly) must perform an inspection to ensure the home, including the rooftop, meets our standards and specifications. If the inspection finds repairs to the rooftop are required in order to satisfy our standards and specifications to install the solar energy system, and a potential customer does not want to make such required repairs, we would lose that anticipated sale. In addition, per the terms of our customer contracts, a customer maintains the ability to cancel before commencement of installation, subject to certain conditions. Any delay or cancellation of an anticipated sale could materially and adversely affect our financial results, as we may have incurred sales-related, design-related and other expenses and generated no revenue. 
 
 The value of our solar energy systems at the end of the associated term of the lease or PPA may be lower than projected, which may adversely affect our financial performance, results of operations and valuation. 
 
 We depreciate the costs of our solar energy systems over their estimated useful life of 35 years. At the end of the initial term (typically 20 or 25 years) of the lease or PPA, customers may choose to purchase their solar energy systems, ask us to remove the solar energy system at our cost or renew their lease or PPA. Home and business owners may choose to not renew or purchase for any reason, such as pricing, decreased energy consumption, relocation, switching to a competitor product or technological obsolescence of the solar energy system. We are also contractually obligated to remove, store and reinstall the solar energy systems, typically for a nominal fee, if customers need to replace or repair their roofs. Furthermore, it is difficult to predict how future environmental regulations may affect the costs associated with the removal, disposal or recycling of our solar energy systems. If the residual value of the solar energy systems is less than we expect at the end of the customer contract, after giving effect to any associated removal and redeployment costs, we may be required to accelerate the recognition of all or some of the remaining unamortized costs. This could materially impair our future results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to our Financing Activities 
 
 We need to obtain substantial additional financing arrangements to provide working capital and growth capital. If financing is not available to us on acceptable terms when needed, our ability to continue to grow our business would be materially adversely impacted. 
 
 Distributed solar power is a capital-intensive business that relies heavily on the availability of debt and equity financing sources to fund solar energy system purchase, design, engineering and other capital expenditures. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have raised more than 11.8 billion in total capital commitments from equity, debt and tax equity investors. 
 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors and commercial sources, such as banks and other lenders, on competitive terms to help finance the deployment of our solar energy systems. We seek to minimize our cost of capital in order to improve profitability and maintain the price competitiveness of the electricity produced by, the payments for and the cost of our solar energy systems. We rely on access to capital, including through tax equity financing and indebtedness in the form of debt facilities and asset-backed securities, to cover the costs related to bringing our solar energy 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 systems and energy storage systems in service, although our customers ultimately bear responsibility for those costs pursuant to our solar service agreements. 
 
 To meet the capital needs of our growing business, we will need to obtain additional debt or equity financing from current and new investors. If any of our current debt or equity investors decide not to invest in us in the future for any reason, or decide to invest at levels inadequate to support our anticipated needs or materially change the terms under which they are willing to provide future financing, we will need to identify new investors and financial institutions to provide financing and negotiate new financing terms. In addition, our ability to obtain additional financing through the asset-backed securities market or other secured debt markets is subject to our having sufficient assets eligible for securitization as well as our ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings. If we are unable to raise additional capital in a timely manner, our ability to meet our capital needs and fund future growth may be limited. 
 
 Delays in obtaining financing could cause delays in expansion in existing markets or entering into new markets and hiring additional personnel. Any future delays in capital raising could similarly cause us to delay deployment of a substantial number of solar energy systems for which we have signed solar service agreements with customers. Our future ability to obtain additional financing depends on banks' and other financing sources' continued confidence in our business model and the renewable energy industry as a whole. It could also be impacted by the liquidity needs of such financing sources themselves. We face intense competition from a variety of other companies, technologies and financing structures for such limited investment capital. If we are unable to continue to offer a competitive investment profile, we may lose access to these funds or they may only be available to us on terms less favorable than those received by our competitors. For example, if we experience higher customer default rates than we currently experience, it could be more difficult or costly to attract future financing. Any inability to secure financing could lead us to cancel planned installations, impair our ability to accept new customers or increase our borrowing costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We enter into securitization structures, warehouse financings and other debt financings that may limit our ability to access the cash of our subsidiaries and include acceleration events that, if triggered, could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 Since April 2017, we have pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into 15 special purpose entities, which sold solar asset-backed notes and solar loan-backed notes to institutional investors, the net proceeds of which were distributed to us. We intend to monetize additional solar energy systems in the future through contributions to new special purposes entities for cash. There is a risk the institutional investors that have purchased the notes issued by these special purpose entities will be unwilling to make further investments in our solar energy systems at attractive prices. Although the creditors of these special purpose entities have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the terms of the notes, the special purpose entities are typically required to maintain a liquidity reserve account, a reserve account for equipment replacements, as well as, in certain cases, reserve accounts to finance purchase option/withdrawal right exercises, storage system replacement or payment of liquidated damages for the benefit of the lenders under the applicable series of notes, each of which are funded from initial deposits or cash flows to the levels specified therein. 
 
 The securitization structures, warehouse financings and other debt financings often include certain other features designed to protect investors. The primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the pool of assets to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers an early repayment of the indebtedness. We refer to this as "early amortization", which may be based on, among other things, a debt service coverage ratio falling or remaining below certain levels. In the event of an early amortization, the notes issuer would be required to repay the affected indebtedness using available collections received from the asset pool. However, the period of ultimate payment would be determined based on the amount and timing of collections received and, in limited circumstances, early amortization may be cured prior to full repayment. An early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize other available contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may not be available at the time. Certain of the securitizations, warehouse financings and other debt financings also contain a "cash trap" feature, which requires excess cash flow to be held in an account based on, among other things, a debt service coverage ratio falling or remaining below certain levels. If the cash trap conditions are not cured within a specified period, then the cash in the cash trap account must be applied to repay the indebtedness. If the cash trap conditions are timely cured, the cash is either released back to the borrower or used to repay the indebtedness at the borrower's option. The indentures of our securitizations also typically contain customary events of default for solar securitizations that may entitle the noteholders to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due and foreclosure on the issuer's assets. Any significant payments we may be required to make as a result of these arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition. See " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements ". 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Servicing our existing debt requires a significant amount of cash. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to timely pay our interest and principal obligations and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our payment obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was approximately 5.4 billion and the available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities was 174.3 million. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures to operate our business. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as slowing or ceasing the origination of new solar service agreements, selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional debt and equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our securitizations are structured in that cash flows generated by the pool of solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related solar service agreements are initially used to repay outstanding principal amounts based on the priority of payments in the agreement. However, should these cash flows decrease below applicable thresholds, all excess cash flows from such asset pool must be applied to pay down the related indebtedness, which would reduce the cash available to otherwise fund our business. Our ability to timely repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. 
 
 Furthermore, we and our subsidiaries expect to incur additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments. Increases in our existing debt obligations would further heighten the debt related risk discussed above. In addition, we may not be able to enter into new debt instruments on acceptable terms or at all. If we were unable to satisfy financial covenants and other terms under existing or new instruments, or obtain waivers or forbearance from our lenders, or if we were unable to obtain refinancing or new financings for our working capital, equipment and other needs on acceptable terms if and when needed, our business would be adversely affected. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in certain of our debt agreements could limit our growth and our ability to finance our operations, fund our capital needs, respond to changing conditions and engage in other business activities that may be in our best interests. 
 
 Our debt agreements impose operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions limit our ability and that of our subsidiaries to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 make investments or loans; 
 create liens; 
 consummate mergers and similar fundamental changes; 
 make restricted payments; 
 make investments in unrestricted subsidiaries; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 use the proceeds of asset sales. 
 
 We may be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations imposed on us by the restrictive covenants under certain of our debt agreements. The restrictions contained in the covenants could: 
 
 limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, to meet capital needs or otherwise to restrict our activities or business plan; and 
 adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, enter into acquisitions or divestitures to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest. 
 
 A breach of any of these covenants or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios or financial condition tests could result in a default under our debt agreements that, if not cured or waived, could result in acceleration of all indebtedness outstanding thereunder and cross-default rights under our other debt. In addition, in the event of an event of default under one of the credit facilities, the affected lenders could foreclose on the collateral securing such credit facility and require repayment of all borrowings outstanding thereunder. If the amounts outstanding under the credit facilities or any of our other indebtedness were to be accelerated, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full the amounts owed to the lenders or to our other debt holders. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Volatility and continued increases in interest rates would raise our cost of capital and may adversely impact our business. 
 
 Due to recent increases in inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rates. Further increases in the federal benchmark rate could result in an increase in market interest rates, which may increase our interest expense under our variable-rate borrowings and the costs of refinancing existing indebtedness or obtaining new debt. For example, borrowings under our existing warehouse credit facilities accrue interest based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest. Consequently, rising interest rates or continued higher interest rates will increase our cost of capital and may decrease the amount of capital available to us to finance deployment of new solar energy systems and energy storage systems. Our future success depends in part on our ability to raise capital from investors and obtain secured lending to help finance the deployment of our solar service agreements. As a result, rising interest rates may have an adverse impact on our ability to offer attractive pricing on our solar service agreements to our customers. If in the future we have a need for significant borrowings and interest rates increase or continue at high interest rates, that may increase the cost of the solar energy systems we purchase, which either would make those systems more expensive for customers, which is likely to reduce demand, or would lower our operating margins, or both. 
 
 The majority of our cash flows to date have been from solar service agreements monetized under various tax equity fund structures and secured lending arrangements. One of the components of this monetization is the present value of the payment streams from customers who enter into these long-term solar service agreements. If the rate of return required by capital providers, including debt providers, rises as a result of a rise in interest rates, it will reduce the present value of the customer payment stream and consequently reduce the total value derived from this type of monetization. Any measures we could take to mitigate the impact of rising interest rates on our ability to secure third-party financing could ultimately have an adverse impact on the value proposition we offer our customers or our profitability. 
 
 We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes in cash or to repurchase the Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Convertible Notes. 
 
 Holders of the 0.25 convertible senior notes and 2.625 convertible senior notes (the "Convertible Notes") will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Convertible Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change under the indenture, which includes certain events such as a change of control, before the maturity date at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Convertible Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Convertible Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash for Convertible Notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the Convertible Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our indebtedness at the time. 
 
 Our failure to repurchase Convertible Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture governing such Convertible Notes or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the Convertible Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Convertible Notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty credit risk with respect to the capped call transactions. 
 
 In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions (the "option counterparties"). The option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of such option counterparties may default or otherwise fail to perform their obligations under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. 
 
 If any option counterparty becomes subject to bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings, with respect to such option counterparty's obligations under the relevant capped call transaction, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with that counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, our exposure will increase if the market price or the volatility of our common stock increases. In addition, upon a default or other failure to perform by an option counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of any of the option counterparties. 
 
 We may be required to make payments or contribute assets to our investors upon the occurrence of certain events, including one-time reset or true-up payments or upon the exercise of a redemption option by one of our tax equity investors. 
 
 Our investors in our tax equity investment funds typically advance capital to us based on, among other things, production capacity estimates. The models we use to calculate prepayments in connection with certain of our tax equity investment funds are updated at a fixed date occurring after placement in service of all applicable solar energy systems or an agreed upon date (typically within the first year of the applicable term) to reflect certain specified conditions, as they exist at such date including the ultimate system size of the equipment that was sold or leased to the tax equity investment fund, the cost thereof, and the date the equipment went into service. In some cases, these true-up models also incorporate any changes in law, which would include any reduction in rates (and thus any reduction in the benefits of depreciation). As a result of this true-up, applicable payments are resized, and we may be obligated to refund a portion of the tax equity investor's prepayments or to contribute additional assets to the tax equity investment fund. In addition, certain of our tax equity fund investors have the right to require us to purchase their interests in the tax equity investment funds after a set period of time, generally at a price equal to the greater of a set purchase price or fair market value of the interests at the time of the repurchase. Any significant refunds, capital contributions or purchases we may be required to make could adversely affect our liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulations 
 
 We are not currently regulated as an electric public utility under applicable law but may be subject to regulation as an electric utility in the future. 
 
 We are not currently regulated as an electric public utility in the U.S. under applicable national, state or other local regulatory regimes where we conduct business. As a result, we are not currently subject to the various federal, state and local standards, restrictions and regulatory requirements applicable to centralized public utilities. Any federal, state or local regulations that cause us to be treated as an electric utility or to otherwise be subject to a similar regulatory regime of commission-approved operating tariffs, rate limitations and related mandatory provisions, could place significant restrictions on our ability to operate our business and execute our business plan by prohibiting, restricting or otherwise regulating our sale of electricity. If we were subject to the same state or federal regulatory authorities as centralized electric utilities in the U.S. and its territories or if new regulatory bodies were established to oversee our business in the U.S. and its territories or in foreign markets we enter, our operating costs would materially increase or we might have to change our business in ways that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 While we are not regulated as extensively as an electric public utility, we are subject to certain utility-like regulations in jurisdictions such as California, New York, Arizona, Nevada, Florida and Puerto Rico. In New York, distributed energy providers are subject to regulation by the New York Public Service Commission (the "NYPSC") with respect to customer interactions (including contracting and marketing) and are required to comply with the NYPSC's Uniform Business Practices. In connection with approving the Uniform Business Practices, the NYPSC also established an oversight framework under which it could impose other regulatory requirements on distributed energy providers. In Puerto Rico, we are regulated as an electric power company under applicable PREB regulations in connection with the sale and invoicing of energy generated by distributed generation systems having an aggregate capacity of more than 1 megawatt. Among other requirements, these regulations impose certain filing, certification, reporting and annual fee requirements upon us but do not currently subject the companies to centralized utility-like regulation or require the PREB's approval of their charges. In California, the CPUC issued an order approving several consumer protection measures for solar customers, including a requirement for solar providers to provide customers with the California Solar Consumer Protection Guide, which provides customers with information regarding the selection of a contractor, solar financing, bill savings estimates, net energy metering and electric rates, low-income options and related matters. The CPUC order also requires the investor-owned utilities in California to adopt procedures to verify during the interconnection process that the customer received the California Solar Consumer Protection Guide and that the solar provider is licensed, and to collect and report on complaints regarding solar providers. If we become subject to new, additional regulatory requirements in these jurisdictions or other jurisdictions adopt similar regulatory requirements, our operating costs would materially increase or we might have to change our business in ways that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Electric utility policies and regulations, including those affecting electric rates, may present regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar energy systems that may significantly reduce demand for electricity from our solar energy systems and adversely impact our ability to originate new solar service agreements. 
 
 Federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, utility rates and rate structures and internal policies and regulations promulgated by electric utilities, heavily influence the market for electricity generation products and services. These regulations and policies often relate to electricity pricing. Policies and regulations that promote renewable energy and distributed energy generation have been challenged by centralized electric utilities and questioned by those in government and others arguing for less governmental spending and involvement in the energy market. To the extent such views are reflected in government policies and regulations, the changes in such policies and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, any effort to overturn federal and state laws, regulations or policies that are supportive of solar energy generation or that remove costs or other limitations on other types of energy generation that compete with solar energy projects could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 In the U.S., governmental authorities and state public service commissions that determine utility rates, rate structures and the terms and conditions of electric service continuously modify these regulations and policies. These regulations and policies could result in a significant reduction in the potential demand for electricity from our solar energy systems and could deter customers from entering into solar service agreements with us. 
 
 With regard to rates, customers with solar energy systems may currently pay or be subject in the future to increased charges due to increased rates or changes in rate design and structures. Utilities in certain jurisdictions may assess fees that apply only to customers with distributed generation systems, including residential or non-residential solar energy systems or impose charges on solar customers that are significantly higher than comparable charges billed to non-solar customers. 
 
 These fees may include demand, stand-by or departing load charges or monthly minimum charges. Certain jurisdictions may permit utilities to change their rate design and structures which could result in charges that would disproportionately impact customers with solar energy systems. For example, a reduction in the number of tiers of rates could result in increased charges for lower-demand customers, including many solar customers, by moving them to a new rate tier with higher rates. It could also result in lower charges for higher-demand customers, who may then become less incentivized to consider solar energy to meet their electricity needs. Similarly, a change in rate design to recover more costs from fixed charges as opposed to variable charges (i.e. "decoupled" rates, by which the utility's revenue requirement is "decoupled" from its level of electricity sales in designing rates) may have the same effect. Additionally, depending on the region, electricity generated by solar energy systems competes most effectively with the most expensive retail rates for electricity from the electrical grid, rather than the less expensive average price of electricity. Modifications to the centralized electric utilities' peak hour pricing policies or rate design could make our current product offerings less competitive with the price of electricity from the electrical grid. A shift in the timing of peak rates for utility-generated electricity to include times of day when solar energy generation is less efficient or non-operable could make our solar energy systems less competitive and reduce demand for our product offerings. Time-of-use rates could also result in higher costs for solar customers whose electricity requirements are not fully met by the solar energy system during peak periods. 
 
 Utilities in California, New Jersey and Puerto Rico, among other states and jurisdictions, have proposed or received approval by state regulators for such rate measures as described in this risk factor. Any such changes affecting rates could increase our customers' cost to use our solar energy systems and make our service and product offerings less desirable, thereby harming our business, financial condition and results of operations. The imposition of any such rate measures could limit the ability of distributed solar power companies to compete with the price of electricity generated by centralized electric utilities, which may reduce the number of solar energy systems installed in those jurisdictions. Additionally, any such unaccounted for increases in the fees or charges applicable to existing customer agreements may increase the cost of energy to those customers and result in an increased rate of defaults, terminations or cancelations under our solar service agreements. In addition, changes to government or internal utility regulations and policies that favor centralized electric utilities could reduce our competitiveness and cause a significant reduction in demand for our product offerings. 
 
 Any of the foregoing results could limit our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems or harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on net metering and related policies to offer competitive pricing to our customers in most of our current markets and changes to net metering policies may significantly reduce demand for electricity from solar energy systems. 
 
 Net metering is one of several key policies that have enabled the growth of distributed generation solar energy systems in the U.S., providing significant value to certain qualifying residential and commercial customers for electricity generated by 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 their solar energy systems but not directly consumed on-site. Net metering allows a homeowner or a business to pay the local electric utility for power usage net of production from the solar energy system or other distributed generation source. Homeowners or businesses receive a credit for the energy an interconnected solar energy system generates in excess of that needed by the home to offset energy purchases from the centralized utility made at times when the solar energy system is not generating sufficient energy to meet the customer's demand. In many markets, this credit is equal to the retail rate for electricity and in other markets, such as Hawaii and Nevada, the rate is less than the retail rate and may be set, for example, as a percentage of the retail rate or based upon a valuation of the excess electricity. In some states and utility territories, customers are also reimbursed by the centralized electric utility for net excess generation on a periodic basis. 
 
 Net metering programs have been subject to legislative and regulatory scrutiny in some states and territories including, but not limited to, California, New Jersey, Arizona, Nevada, Connecticut, Florida, Maine, Kentucky, Puerto Rico and Guam. These jurisdictions, by statute, regulation, administrative order or a combination thereof, have recently adopted or are considering new restrictions and additional changes to net metering programs either on a state-wide basis or within specific utility territories. Many of these measures were introduced and supported by centralized electric utilities. These measures vary by jurisdiction and may include a reduction in the rates or value of the credits customers are paid or receive for the power they deliver back to the electrical grid, caps or limits on the aggregate installed capacity of generation in a state or utility territory eligible for net metering, expiration dates for and phasing out of net metering programs, replacement of net metering programs with alternative programs that may provide less compensation and limits on the capacity size of individual distributed generation systems that can qualify for net metering. Net metering and related policies concerning distributed generation also received attention from federal legislators and regulators. 
 
 In California, the CPUC issued an order in 2016 retaining retail-based net metering credits for residential customers of California's major utilities as part of Net Energy Metering 2.0 ("NEM 2.0"). Under NEM 2.0, new distributed generation customers receive the retail rate for electricity exported to the grid, less certain non-bypassable fees. Customers under NEM 2.0 also are subject to interconnection charges and time of-use rates. Existing customers who receive service under the prior net metering program, as well as new customers under the NEM 2.0 program, currently are permitted to remain covered by them on a legacy basis for a period of 20 years. On September 3, 2020, the CPUC opened a new proceeding to review its current net metering policies and to develop Net Energy Metering 3.0 ("NEM 3.0"), also referred to by the CPUC as the NEM 2.0 successor tariff. On December 15, 2022, the CPUC approved NEM 3.0 as successor program to its current net metering program that reduces the value of net metering credits from the retail rate to an avoided cost rate for customers that will have solar energy systems installed on their homes and businesses over the next five years. Customers will also be placed on an electrification rate. Residential customers located in the territories of two of the investor-owned utilities will also receive small adders to the avoided cost rate, while the residential customers in the territory of the third investor-owned utility, as well as new homes and commercial customers in all three of the service territories do not receive any adders. In addition, it may only be possible for customers to realize savings from installing solar energy systems compared to the utility retail rate by adding storage to their solar energy systems or undersizing them so exports are limited. The decision goes into effect in April 2023. Proceedings on distributed energy policy and utility rates before the CPUC or legislation concerning these matters could also result in changes that affect customers with distributed generation systems. 
 
 In New Jersey, the Board of Public Utilities has the option under state law of limiting participation in the retail rate net metering program if the aggregate capacity of owned and operating systems reaches 5.8 of total annual kWh sold in the state. As of December 31, 2022, that threshold had not yet been reached. 
 
 In Puerto Rico, legislation enacted in April 2019 requires a study of net metering to be completed within five years, which may result in revisions to the existing rules. However, no changes can be made to retail net metering for five years after the date the legislation was enacted. Meanwhile, "true" net metering will continue to apply, meaning the credit for energy exported by net metering clients will equal the value of such energy under the rate applicable to those clients and accordingly, their charges will be based on their net consumption. Customers subject to this regime will remain covered by it on a legacy basis for a period of 20 years from the date of their net metering agreements. 
 
 Net metering customers in Puerto Rico may be impacted by transition charges and other requirements contemplated in a restructuring agreement between PREPA and its creditors, currently pending before the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico in bankruptcy-like proceedings under Title III of the PROMESA. PROMESA provides PREPA with access to a workout process similar to bankruptcy. In response to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, however, the approval of the restructuring agreement has been stayed, and the government announced in December 2020 that it continues to conduct diligence to determine whether, among other things, the terms of the restructuring agreement should be renegotiated and the parameters for doing so. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 In Guam, the Consolidated Commission on Utilities ("CCU") adopted a resolution in 2018 recommending retail rate net metering for customers of the Guam Power Authority ("GPA") be replaced with a "buy all/sell all" or similar program that provides for compensation to homeowners at a lower, avoided cost rate. The GPA is a public corporation that provides electricity in Guam and is overseen by the CCU and regulated by the Guam Public Utilities Commission ("GPUC"). In 2019, the GPUC, who has the authority to approve or reject the CCU's recommendations, rejected the resolution and instead voted to cap participation in the net metering program from 1,000 customers to 261 megawatts, which represents 10 of the GPA system's peak power demand. The GPA has also proposed to eliminate the option for customers to roll over any excess net metering credits to the next year or receive a payment for excess credits remaining at the end of the year. In May 2020, the GPUC approved the GPA's proposal to eliminate the option for customers to roll over any excess net metering credits or receive a payment for excess credits remaining at the end of the year. This change went into effect on January 1, 2021. Customers will be able to receive a payment for excess credits at the end of 2020, but any excess credits remaining at the end of a year in the future will be surrendered to the utility without compensation. In February 2020, the CCU adopted a resolution requiring all new distributed generation that participates in net metering and is tied to the GPA power grid to have an energy storage system such as a battery. The GPUC approved a February 2020 resolution by the CCU adopting additional requirements for new distributed generation that participates in net metering. Starting on June 1, 2021, new systems were required to have frequency control capability or energy storage, such as a battery, or else are required to pay an additional monthly charge to the GPA. 
 
 In other jurisdictions, including Austin, Texas, Minnesota and Connecticut, replacing net metering with a "value of distributed energy", "feed-in", or "sell-all/ buy-all" tariff is also being considered or has been adopted. Under a "value of distributed energy" tariff, the customer would be compensated at a rate that accounts for the electricity, capacity, environmental and other attributes provided by distributed generation to the grid and the electricity market. Under a "feed-in" or "sell-all/ buy-all" tariff, all the solar energy system's generation is exported to the grid and purchased by the utility at an established rate and the customer is required to purchase all of its electricity requirements from the utility at the retail rate. In New York, the NYPSC adopted a "value of distributed energy" policy but permitted existing net metering customers to remain on their current program and extended eligibility for net metering for new residential customers interconnected before January 1, 2022 for a period of 20 years. Residential customers otherwise still eligible for net metering may also elect to be compensated under a "value of distributed energy" tariff. New solar customers interconnecting after January 1, 2022 continue to be eligible for net metering, but will be subject to a monthly fixed fee. Compensation for those customers covered by a "value of solar" tariff varies and may not favorably compare to that provided by net metering. 
 
 Net metering and related policies concerning distributed generation have received attention from federal legislators and regulators and challenge by various stakeholders. For example, in April 2020, the New England Ratepayers Association petitioned the FERC to declare its exclusive federal jurisdiction over distributed generation, including residential solar, and to establish new federal customer compensation rates for excess energy in lieu of state net metering programs. While the FERC rejected the petition on procedural grounds, further challenges to net metering based on federal law may occur. Changes in federal law, including those made by statute, regulation, rule or order, could negatively affect net metering or other related policies that otherwise promote and support solar energy and enhance the economic viability of distributed solar. 
 
 If net metering caps in certain jurisdictions are reached while they are still in effect, if the value of the credit that customers receive for net metering is significantly reduced, if customers are required to pay monthly charges in order to participate in a net metering program, if net metering is discontinued or replaced by a different regime that values solar energy at a lower rate, if the period that net metering customers remain eligible for their current net metering program is reduced or if other limits or restrictions on net metering are imposed, current and future customers may be unable to recognize the same level of cost savings associated with net metering. The absence of favorable net metering policies or of net metering entirely, or the imposition of new charges that only or disproportionately impact customers that use net metering would likely significantly limit customer demand for distributed solar energy systems and the electricity they generate and result in an increased rate of defaults, terminations or cancelations under customer agreements. Our ability to lease, finance and sell our solar energy systems and services or sell the electricity generated from our solar energy systems may be adversely impacted by the failure to expand existing limits on the amount of net metering in states that have implemented it, the failure to adopt a net metering policy where it currently is not in place or reductions in the amount or value of credit customers receive through net metering. This could adversely impact our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, distributed solar customers in certain jurisdictions may be subject to higher charges from centralized electric utilities than non-solar customers and such charges should be evaluated together with the net metering policies in place. If such charges are imposed, the cost savings associated with switching to solar energy may be significantly reduced and our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems and compete with centralized electric utilities could be impacted. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 For further discussion of these potential charges and related proposals, see " Electric utility policies and regulations, including those affecting electric rates, may present regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar energy systems that may significantly reduce demand for electricity from our solar energy systems and adversely impact our ability to originate new solar service agreements ". 
 
 Our business currently depends in part on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. The expiration, elimination or reduction of these rebates, credits or incentives or our ability to monetize them could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Our business depends in part on current government policies that promote and support solar energy and enhance the economic viability of distributed solar. Revenues from SRECs constituted approximately 9 , 17 and 22 of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. U.S. federal, state and local governments established various incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives come in various forms, including rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives such as payments for renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation, exclusion of solar energy systems from property tax assessments or other taxes and system performance payments. However, these programs may expire on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is exhausted or be reduced or terminated as solar energy adoption rates increase. For example, New Jersey's SREC program closed in 2020 due to legislation requiring that it be closed by the earlier of the share of electricity sold by the state's utilities supplied by solar reaching 5.1 or June 2021. Following the close of the program in June 2020, customers became eligible for Transitional Renewable Energy Credits ("TRECs") under an interim transitional program replacing SRECs that provides for a lower level of revenue than the SREC program. On July 28, 2021, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities closed the TREC program effective August 27, 2021 and approved the long-term successor program to the TREC program, which is referred to as the Successor Solar Incentive Program ("SuSI"). Under the SuSI program, which became effective on August 28, 2021, residential facilities are eligible for the Solar Renewable Energy Certificate-II ("SREC-II") incentive. For net metered residential facilities, the SREC-II provides an administratively-determined fixed payment per megawatt hour that is guaranteed for 15 years, but is lower than the level revenue provided by the TREC program. The financial value of certain incentives decreases over time. The value of SRECs in a market tends to decrease over time as the supply of SREC producing solar energy systems installed in that market increases. If we overestimate the future value of these incentives, it could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial results. See " Business Government Incentives ". 
 
 A loss or reduction in such incentives could decrease the attractiveness of new solar energy systems to customers, which could adversely impact our business and our access to capital. We also enter into economic hedges related to expected production of SRECs through forward contracts that require us to physically deliver the SRECs upon settlement. These arrangements may, depending on the instruments used and the level of additional hedges involved, limit any potential upside from SREC production increases. We may be exposed to potential economic loss should a counterparty be unable or unwilling to perform their obligations under the terms of a hedging agreement. In addition, we are exposed to risks related to changes in interest rates and may engage in hedging activities to mitigate related volatility. We may fail to properly hedge these SRECs or may fail to do so economically, which may also adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The economics of purchasing a solar energy system and energy storage system are also improved by eligibility for accelerated depreciation, also known as the modified accelerated cost recovery system ("MACRS"), which allows for the depreciation of equipment according to an accelerated schedule set forth by the IRS. This accelerated schedule allows a taxpayer, such as us and investors in tax equity financing arrangements, to recognize the depreciation of tangible solar property on a five-year basis even though the useful life of such property is generally greater than five years. We benefit from accelerated depreciation on the solar energy systems and energy storage systems we own. To the extent these policies are changed in a manner that reduces the incentives that benefit our business, we may experience reduced revenues and reduced economic returns, experience increased financing costs and encounter difficulty obtaining financing. 
 
 The federal government currently provides for the Section 48(a) ITC, the Section 48E ITC for eligible property that begins construction after 2024 and the Section 25D Credit. Under current law, the Section 48(a) ITC of the Code allows taxpayers to claim an investment tax credit which, depending on the location of a particular project, its size, its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements and the category of consumers it serves, can range between 6 and 70 of the basis of certain commercially owned energy property, in each case construction of which begins before 2025. The Section 48E ITC percentage generally will be the same as the percentage for the Section 48(a) ITC. The Section 48E ITC percentage will begin to phase down for projects that began construction after (a) 2033 or (b) if later, the first year after the year in which the U.S. Treasury Department determines greenhouse gas emissions from the production of electricity in the U.S. are no more than 25 of 2022 levels. To be eligible for the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC at no lower than the 30 level, the eligible energy property must either (a) meet certain labor and apprenticeship requirements, (b) have a maximum net output of less than one megawatt (as measured in alternating current) or (c) begin construction prior to January 29, 2023. Beginning in 2023, we 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 are able to claim the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC, as applicable, for energy storage systems regardless of whether such systems are installed in conjunction with solar energy systems. We would be able to claim the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC, as applicable, when available for solar energy systems or energy storage systems we originate under lease agreements or PPAs based on our ownership of the solar energy system at the time it is placed in service. 
 
 Section 25D of the Code allows an individual to claim a 30 federal tax credit with respect to a residential solar energy system and/or energy storage system that is owned by the homeowner. As a result, the Section 25D Credit is claimed by customers who purchase solar energy systems and/or energy storage systems. This Section 25D Credit will remain at 30 through the end of 2032, reduce to 26 for 2033, reduce to 22 for 2034 and further reduce to 0 after 2034, unless it is extended before that time. The Section 25D Credit reduces the cost of consumer ownership of solar energy systems and/or energy storage systems, such as under the loan program. 
 
 The Section 48(a) ITC has been a significant driver of the financing supporting the adoption of residential solar energy systems in the U.S. and the Section 25D Credit has been a significant driver of consumer demand for ownership of solar energy systems. Any reduction in, or expiration of, these tax credits will likely impact the attractiveness of residential solar and could harm our business. For example, we expect the expiration of the Section 25D Credit will increase the cost of consumer ownership of solar energy systems, such as under the loan program. 
 
 Applicable authorities may adjust or decrease incentives from time to time or include provisions for minimum domestic content requirements or other requirements to qualify for these incentives. Reductions in, eliminations or expirations of or additional application requirements for governmental incentives could adversely impact our results of operations and ability to compete in our industry by increasing our cost of capital, causing distributed solar power companies to increase the prices of their energy and solar energy systems and reducing the size of our addressable market. In addition, this would adversely impact our ability to attract investment partners and lenders and our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems. See " Business Government Incentives ". 
 
 Our business depends in part on the regulatory treatment of third-party owned solar energy systems. 
 
 Our lease and PPA agreements are third-party ownership arrangements. Retail sales of electricity by third parties such as us face regulatory challenges in some states and jurisdictions, including states and jurisdictions we intend to enter where the laws and regulatory policies have not historically embraced competition to the service provided by the vertically integrated centralized electric utility. Some of the principal challenges pertain to whether third-party owned solar energy systems qualify for the same levels of rebates or other non-tax incentives available for customer owned solar energy systems, whether third-party owned solar energy systems are eligible at all for these incentives and whether third-party owned solar energy systems are eligible for net metering and the associated significant cost savings. Furthermore, in some states and utility territories, third parties are limited in the way they may deliver solar to their customers. In certain jurisdictions, laws have been interpreted to prohibit the sale of electricity pursuant to PPAs, leading distributed solar energy system providers to use leases in lieu of PPAs, in addition to customer ownership. These regulatory constraints may, for example, give rise to various property tax issues. See " Risks Related to Taxation ". Changes in law and reductions in, eliminations of or additional requirements for, benefits such as rebates, tax incentives and favorable net metering policies decrease the attractiveness of new solar energy systems to distributed solar power companies and the attractiveness of solar energy systems to customers, which could reduce our acquisition opportunities. Such a loss or reduction could also adversely impact our access to capital and reduce our willingness to pursue solar energy systems due to higher operating costs or lower revenues from leases and PPAs. 
 
 Technical and regulatory limitations regarding the interconnection of solar energy systems to the electrical grid may significantly reduce our ability to sell electricity from our solar energy systems in certain markets or delay interconnections and customer in-service dates, harming our growth rate and customer satisfaction. 
 
 Technical and regulatory limitations regarding the interconnection of solar energy systems to the electrical grid may curb or slow our growth in key markets. Utilitie s throughout the country follow different rules and regulations regarding interconnection and regulators or utilities have or could cap or limit the amount of solar energy that can be interconnected to the grid. Our solar energy systems generally do not provide power to home and business owners until they are interconnected to the grid. 
 
 With regard to interconnection limits, the FERC, in promulgating the first form of small generator interconnection procedures, recommended limiting customer-sited intermittent generation resources, such as our solar energy systems, to a certain percentage of peak load on a given electrical feeder circuit. Similar limits have been adopted by many states as a de facto standard and could constrain our ability to market to customers in certain geographic areas where the concentration of solar installations exceeds this limit. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, in certain areas, we benefit from policies that allow for expedited or simplified procedures related to connecting solar energy systems and energy storage systems to the electrical grid. We also are required to obtain interconnection permission for each solar energy system from the local utility. In many states and territories, by statute, regulations or administrative order, there are standardized procedures for interconnecting distributed solar energy systems and related energy storage systems to the electric utility's local distribution system. However, approval from the local utility could be delayed as a result of a backlog of requests for interconnection or the local utility could seek to limit the number of customer interconnections or the amount of solar energy on the grid. In some states, such as New Jersey and Massachusetts, certain utilities such as municipal utilities or electric cooperatives are exempt from certain interconnection requirements. If expedited or simplified interconnection procedures are changed or cease to be available, if interconnection approvals from the local utility are delayed or if the local utility seeks to limit interconnections, this could decrease the attractiveness of new solar energy systems and energy storage systems to distributed solar power companies, including us, and the attractiveness of solar energy systems and energy storage systems to customers. Delays in interconnections could also harm our growth rate and customer satisfaction scores. Such limitations or delays could also adversely impact our access to capital and reduce our willingness to pursue solar energy systems and energy storage systems due to higher operating costs or lower revenues from solar service agreements. Such limitations would negatively impact our business, results of operations, future growth and cash flows. 
 
 As adoption of solar distributed generation rises, along with the increased operation of utility-scale solar generation (such as in key markets including California), the amount of solar energy being contributed to the electrical grid may surpass the capacity anticipated to be needed to meet aggregate demand. If solar generation resources reach a level capable of producing an over-generation situation, some existing solar generation resources may have to be curtailed to maintain operation of the electrical grid. In the event such an over-generation situation were to occur, this could also result in a prohibition on the addition of new solar generation resources. The adverse effects of such a curtailment or prohibition without compensation could adversely impact our business, results of operations, future growth and cash flows. 
 
 We and our dealers are subject to risks associated with construction, regulatory compliance and other contingencies. 
 
 We utilize our growing dealer network to market, design, construct and install solar energy systems and energy storage systems in each of the markets in which we operate. The marketing and installation of solar energy systems and energy storage systems is subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national, state and local laws and ordinances related to consumer protection, building, fire and electrical codes, professional codes, safety, environmental protection, utility interconnection, metering and related matters. We also rely on certain of our dealers and third-party contractors to obtain and maintain permits and professional licenses, including as contractors, and other authorizations from various regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions and requirements in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as perform permitting and installation of solar energy systems and energy storage systems using or complying with government sponsored platforms such as SolarAPP+. A failure by us to obtain necessary permits or encounter delays in obtaining or renewing such permits or to use properly licensed dealers and third-party contractors or to use government-sponsored or government-mandated platforms could adversely affect our operations in those jurisdictions. Furthermore, we may become subject to similar regulatory requirements in some jurisdictions in which we operate. It is difficult and costly to track the requirements of every authority with jurisdiction over our operations and our solar energy systems. Separately, we are subject to regulations and potential liability under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act related to the disposal of wastes generated in connection with our operations. Regulatory authorities may impose new government regulations or utility policies, change existing government regulations or utility policies, may seek expansive interpretations of existing regulations or policies pertaining to our services or solar energy systems and energy storage systems or may initiate associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose penalties or reject solar energy systems and energy storage systems. Any of these factors may result in regulatory and/or civil litigation, significant additional expenses to us or our customers, cause delays in our or our dealers' ability to originate solar service agreements or install or interconnect solar energy systems and energy storage systems or cause other harm to our business. As a result, this could cause a significant reduction in demand for our services and solar energy systems and energy storage systems or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Compliance with occupational safety and health requirements and best practices can be costly and noncompliance with such requirements may result in potentially significant monetary penalties, operational delays and adverse publicity. 
 
 The installation and ongoing operations and maintenance of solar energy systems and energy storage systems requires individuals hired by us, our dealers or third-party contractors, potentially including our employees, to work at heights with complicated and potentially dangerous electrical systems. The evaluation and modification of buildings as part of the installation process requires these individuals to work in locations that may contain potentially dangerous levels of asbestos, lead, mold or other materials known or believed to be hazardous to human health. There is substantial risk of serious injury or 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 death if proper safety procedures are not followed. Our operations are subject to regulation under OSHA, DOT regulations and equivalent state and local laws. Changes to OSHA or DOT requirements, or stricter interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could result in increased costs. If we fail to comply with applicable OSHA or DOT regulations, even if no work-related serious injury or death occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement and be required to pay substantial penalties, incur significant capital expenditures or suspend or limit operations. Because individuals hired by us or on our behalf to perform installation and ongoing operations and maintenance of our solar energy systems and energy storage systems, including our dealers and third-party contractors, are compensated on a per project basis, they are incentivized to work more quickly than installers compensated on an hourly basis. While we have not experienced a high level of injuries to date, this incentive structure may result in higher injury rates than others in the industry and could accordingly expose us to increased liability. Individuals hired by or on behalf of us may have workplace accidents and receive citations from OSHA regulators for alleged safety violations, resulting in fines. Any such accidents, citations, violations, injuries or failure to comply with industry best practices may subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect our business. 
 
 A failure to comply with laws and regulations related to interactions by us or our dealers with current or prospective customers could result in negative publicity, claims, investigations and litigation and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Our business substantially focuses on solar service agreements and transactions with customers. We offer leases, loans and other products and services to consumers by contractors in our dealer networks, who utilize sales people employed by or engaged as third-party service providers of such contractors. We and our dealers must comply with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern matters related to interactions with consumers, including those pertaining to consumer protection, marketing and sales, privacy and data security, consumer financial and credit transactions, mortgages and refinancings, home improvement contracts, warranties and various means of customer solicitation, including under the laws identified in " Our business is subject to consumer protection laws. Such laws and regulatory enforcement policies and priorities are subject to change that may negatively impact our business" . These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations and various federal, state and local legislative and regulatory bodies may initiate investigations, expand current laws or regulations, or enact new laws and regulations regarding these matters. Changes in these laws or regulations or their interpretation could dramatically affect how we and our dealers do business, acquire customers and manage and use information collected from and about current and prospective customers and the costs associated therewith. We and our dealers strive to comply with all applicable laws and regulations related to interactions with residential and non-residential customers. It is possible, however, these requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or the practices of us or our dealers. 
 
 Although we require our dealers to meet our consumer compliance requirements and provide regular training to help them do so, we do not control our dealers and their suppliers or their business practices. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee they follow ethical business practices such as fair wage practices and compliance with environmental, safety and other local laws. A lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative dealers or suppliers, which could increase our costs and have a negative effect on our business and prospects for growth. Violation of labor or other laws by our dealers or suppliers or the divergence of a dealer or supplier's labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the U.S. or other markets in which we do or intend to do business could also attract negative publicity for us and harm our business. 
 
 From time to time, we have been included in lawsuits brought by the customers of certain contractors in our networks, citing claims based on the sales practices of these contractors. While we have paid only minimal damages to date, we cannot be sure that a court of law would not determine that we are liable for the actions of the contractors in our networks or that a regulator or state attorney general's office may hold us accountable for violations of consumer protection or other applicable laws by the contractors in selling our loans, leases, and other products and services. Our risk mitigation processes may not be sufficient to mitigate financial harm to us associated with violations of applicable law by our contractors or ensure that any such contractor is able to satisfy its indemnification obligations to us. Any significant judgment against us could expose us to broader liabilities, a need to adjust our distribution channels for our products and services or otherwise change our business model, and could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Violations of anti-bribery, anti-corruption and/or international trade laws to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to laws concerning our business operations and marketing activities in the U.S. and its territories where we conduct business. Further, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We currently only operate in the U.S. and its territories. However, in the future we may conduct business outside of 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 the U.S. and operate in parts of the world that experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. In addition, due to the level of regulation in our industry, our entry into new jurisdictions through internal growth or acquisitions requires substantial government contact where norms can differ from U.S. standards. Additionally, we regularly interact with domestic municipalities and municipal-owned centralized electric utilities. We will consider our interactions with these domestic governmental bodies when designing our policies and procedures and conducting training designed to facilitate compliance with domestic and international anti-bribery laws. Although we believe these policies and procedures will mitigate the risk of violations of such laws, our employees, dealers and agents may take actions in violation of our policies and anti-bribery laws. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could subject us to criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 
 
 Violations of export control and/or economic sanctions laws and regulations to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Our products may be subject to export control regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security. We are also subject to foreign assets control and economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, which restrict or prohibit our ability to transact with certain foreign countries, individuals and entities. We currently only operate in the U.S. and its territories. However, export control regulations may restrict our ability to exchange technical information with foreign manufacturers and suppliers and economic sanctions regulations may restrict our ability to source from certain suppliers. In addition, in the future we may conduct business outside of the U.S. We will consider these scenarios when designing our policies and procedures and conducting training designed to facilitate compliance with U.S. export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations. Although we believe these policies and procedures will mitigate the risk of violations of such laws, our employees, dealers and agents may take actions in violation of our policies or these laws. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could subject us to criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving privacy and data protection laws. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 Consumer personal privacy and data security have become significant issues and the subject of rapidly evolving regulation. Furthermore, federal, state and local government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, more laws and regulations affecting data privacy. For example, the state of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and California voters recently approved the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). The CCPA creates individual privacy rights for consumers and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling the personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA went into effect in January 2020 and it requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, provides such consumers, business-to-business contacts and employees new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, and allows for a new private right of action for data breaches. The CPRA modifies the CCPA and imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. The CPRA went into effect in January 2023 and it established a new California privacy regulator. The CCPA and the CPRA may significantly impact our business activities and require substantial compliance costs that adversely affect our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition. To date, we have not experienced substantial compliance costs in connection with fulfilling the requirements under the CCPA or CPRA. However, we cannot be certain that compliance costs will not increase in the future with respect to the CCPA and CPRA or any other recently passed consumer privacy regulation. Furthermore, if we expand to foreign markets we will be subject to additional privacy and data protection laws, such as the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union. 
 
 Any inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws, regulations and policies, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations and policies that are applicable to our business may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our solutions. If we are not able to adjust to changing laws, regulations and standards related to privacy or security, our business may be harmed. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is subject to consumer protection laws. Such laws and regulatory enforcement policies and priorities are subject to change that may negatively impact our business. 
 
 We must comply with various international, federal, state, and local regulatory regimes, including those applicable to consumer credit transactions, leases, and marketing activities. These laws and regulations, including those applicable to consumer loans and their origination, are subject to change and modification by statute, administrative rules and orders, and judicial interpretation. As a result of infrequent or sparse interpretations, ambiguities in these laws and regulations may create uncertainty with respect to what type of conduct is permitted or restricted under such laws and regulations. Regulators, such as the Federal Trade Commission and the Consumer Financial Protection Board, as well as state attorney generals and agencies, also can initiate inquiries into market participants, which can lead to investigations and, ultimately, enforcement actions. As a result, we are subject to a constantly evolving consumer protection and consumer finance regulatory environment that is difficult to predict and which may affect our business. 
 
 The laws to which we may be subject to include federal and state laws that prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive business acts or practices (such as the Federal Trade Commission Act and the Dodd-Frank Act), regulate lease and loan disclosures and terms and conditions (such as the Truth-in-Lending Act and the Consumer Leasing Act), prohibit discrimination (such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act), and provide additional protections for certain customers in the military (such as Servicemembers Civil Relief Act that provides additional protections for certain customers in the military. Our business is or may also be subject to federal and state laws that regulate consumer credit report information, data privacy, debt collection, electronic fund transfers, home improvement contracting and marketing activities (such as telemarketing, door-to-door sales, and e-mails). 
 
 While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, no assurance is given that our compliance policies and procedures will be effective. Failure to comply with these laws and with regulatory requirements applicable to our business could subject us to damages, revocation of licenses, class action lawsuits, administrative enforcement actions, civil and criminal liability, settlements, limits on offering certain products and services, changes in business practices, increased compliance costs, indemnification obligations to our capital providers, loan repurchase obligations and reputational damage which may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The highly regulated environment in which our capital providers operate could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We and our capital providers are subject to federal and state supervision and regulation. Federal and state regulation of the banking industry, credit unions and other types of capital providers, along with tax and accounting laws, regulations, rules and standards, may limit their operations significantly and control the methods by which they conduct business and when and how they are able to deploy their capital. These requirements may constrain our ability to enter funding program agreements with new capital providers or the ability of our existing capital providers to continue originating loans through our platform. In choosing whether and how to conduct business with us, current and prospective capital providers can be expected to take into account the legal, regulatory and supervisory regimes that apply to them, including potential changes in the application or interpretation of regulatory standards, licensing requirements or supervisory expectations. Regulators may elect to alter standards or the interpretation of the standards used to measure regulatory compliance or to determine the adequacy of liquidity, certain risk management or other operational practices for financial services companies in a manner that impacts capital providers' ability to originate loans through our platform. An inability for an individual or type of capital provider to originate loans through our platform could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 
 Our ability to use NOLs and tax credit carryforwards to offset future income taxes is subject to limitation and the amount of such carryforwards may be subject to challenge or reduction. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.2 billion of U.S. federal NOLs, a portion of which will begin to expire in 2032, and approximately 285.6 million of U.S. federal tax credit carryforwards, which will begin to expire in 2033. Utilization of our NOLs and tax credit carryforwards depends on many factors, including having current or future taxable income, which cannot be assured. In addition, Section 382 of the Code generally imposes an annual limitation on the amount of NOLs that may be used to offset taxable income by a corporation that has undergone an "ownership change" (as determined under Section 382). An ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders (or groups of stockholders, including one or more groups of public stockholders) that are each deemed to own at least 5 of our stock increase their ownership percentage by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage during a rolling three-year period. Similar rules under Section 383 of the Code impose an annual limitation on the amount of tax credit carryforwards, including carryforwards of Section 48(a) ITCs, that may be used to offset U.S. federal income taxes. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

We experienced an "ownership change" in August 2020 as defined by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, which limits our future ability to utilize NOLs and tax credits generated before the "ownership change". However, these limitations do not prevent the use of our NOLs to offset certain built-in gains, including deemed gains with respect to our cost recovery deductions, recognized by us within five years after the ownership change with respect to assets held by us at the time of the ownership change, or the use of our tax credits to offset related tax liabilities, to the extent of our "net unrealized built-in gain" at the time of the ownership change. We have determined that, based upon the size of our net unrealized built-in gain at the time of our 2020 ownership change and our projected recognition of deemed built-in gains in the five years following the ownership change, there is no impact on the balances for deferred taxes or valuation allowance. Another "ownership change" could occur as a result of transactions that increase the ownership percentage of any of our 5 stockholders during a rolling three-year period, including redemptions of our stock, sales of our stock by other deemed 5 stockholders or issuances of stock by us, whether in additional public offerings or otherwise. If such another ownership change occurs, our ability to utilize NOLs and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to further limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. The application of the aforementioned limitations may cause U.S. federal income taxes to be paid by us earlier than they otherwise would be paid if such limitations were not in effect and could cause such NOLs and tax credit carryforwards to expire unused, in each case reducing or eliminating the benefit of such NOLs and tax credit carryforwards. To the extent we are not able to offset our future taxable income with our NOLs or offset future taxes with our tax credit carryforwards, this would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows if we have taxable income in the future. These same risks can arise in the context of state income and franchise tax given many states conform to federal law and rely on federal authority for determining state NOLs. 
 
 Furthermore, the IRS or other tax authorities could successfully challenge one or more tax positions we take, such as the classification of assets under the income tax depreciation rules or the characterization of expenses for income tax purposes, which could reduce the NOLs we generate and/or are able to use. 
 
 Our tax positions are subject to challenge by the relevant tax authority. 
 
 Our federal and state tax positions may be challenged by the relevant tax authority. The process and costs, including potential penalties for nonpayment of disputed amounts, of contesting such challenges, administratively or judicially, regardless of the merits, could be material. Future tax audits or challenges by tax authorities to our tax positions may result in a material increase in our estimated future income tax or other tax liabilities, which would negatively impact our financial condition. 
 
 For example, many of our solar energy systems are located in states or territories that exempt such assets from state, territorial and local sales and property taxes. We believe these solar energy systems are and should continue to be exempt from certain state, territorial and local sales and property taxes; however, some of our solar energy systems are located in certain jurisdictions where the applicability of these exemptions to solar energy systems is the subject of ongoing litigation and possible legislative change or else the jurisdiction's law is uncertain regarding the effect on property and sales tax exemptions of certain complex business reorganizations undergone by us and our subsidiaries. As such, some tax authorities could challenge the availability of these exemptions. If our solar energy systems are determined to be subject to state, territorial or local sales or property taxes, it could negatively impact our financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to provide our solar service offerings to home and business owners on an economically viable basis depends in part on our ability to finance these solar energy systems with tax equity investors that depend on particular tax and other benefits. 
 
 Historically, there have been a limited number of investors that generate sufficient profits and possess the requisite financial sophistication to benefit from the tax benefits our tax equity vehicles provide, and a lack of depth in this market may limit our ability to complete such tax equity financing. Potential investors seeking tax-advantaged financing must remain satisfied the structures we offer qualify for the tax benefits associated with solar energy systems available to these investors, which depends both on the investors' assessment of tax law and the absence of any unfavorable interpretations of that law. Changes in existing law and interpretations by the IRS and the courts could reduce the willingness of tax equity investors to invest in tax equity vehicles associated with these solar energy system investments or cause these investors to require a larger allocation of customer payments. We are not certain this type of financing will continue to be available to us as the legal and regulatory landscape may shift in a manner that reduces or eliminates the attractiveness of such financing opportunities. For example, the Section 48E ITC percentage will begin to phase down for projects that begin construction after (a) 2033 or (b) if later, the first year after the year in which the U.S. Treasury Department determines greenhouse gas emissions from the production of electricity in the U.S. are no more than 25 of 2022 levels. The IRA also added a new provision that allows taxpayers to transfer certain federal income tax credits that arise after 2022, such as the Section 48(a) ITC, to third parties for cash. It is unclear what effect the ability to transfer these tax credits will have on tax equity structures, although we expect the market for tax equity structures to continue for investors who will continue to value benefits that are not transferable, such as 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 accelerated depreciation. Additionally, we may be unable to identify investors interested in engaging in this type of financing with us. As of December 31, 2022, we have formed 25 tax equity vehicles to which investors such as banks and other large financial investors have committed to invest approximately 1.8 billion. The undrawn committed capital for these tax equity vehicles as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 210.5 million. We plan to continue to form new tax equity vehicles as long as existing tax law and regulations make such financing attractive. See " Risks Related to Regulations Our business currently depends in part on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. The expiration, elimination or reduction of these rebates, credits or incentives or our ability to monetize them could adversely impact our business ". 
 
 The contractual terms in certain of our tax equity vehicle documents impose conditions on our ability to draw on financing commitments from the tax equity investors, including if an event occurs that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the tax equity vehicle or on us. The terms and conditions of our tax equity vehicles can vary and may require us to alter our products, services or product mix. If we do not satisfy such conditions due to events related to our business or a specific tax equity vehicle or developments in our industry or otherwise, and as a result we are unable to draw on existing commitments, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition to our inability to draw on the investors' commitments, we may incur financial penalties for non-performance (including delays in the installation process and interconnection to the power grid of solar energy systems and other factors). Based on the terms of the tax equity vehicle agreements, we will either reimburse a portion of the tax equity investor's capital or pay the tax equity investor a non-performance fee. 
 
 Under the terms of certain of our tax equity vehicles, we may be required to make payments to the tax equity investors if certain tax benefits allocated to such tax equity investors are not realized as expected. Our financial condition may be adversely impacted if a tax equity vehicle is required to make any tax-related payments. 
 
 Our tax equity vehicles require that, prior to a date that is at least five years after the last project was placed in service, the tax equity investor receives substantially all the non-cash value attributable to the solar energy systems; however, we typically receive a majority of the cash distributions. In the event the tax equity investor has tax liability as a result of its investment and the cash distributions payable to the tax equity investor are not sufficient to pay such tax liability, the amount of distributions payable to us may be reduced. The amounts of potential tax liability (and the potential for a reduced distribution to us) depend on the tax benefits that accrue to such investors from the tax equity vehicles' activities and may be impacted by changes in tax law. 
 
 Additionally, we may have payment obligations to our tax equity investors under indemnity obligations contained in those financings. See " If the IRS or the U.S. Treasury Department makes a determination that the fair market value of our solar energy systems is materially lower than what we have reported in our tax equity vehicles' tax returns, we may have to pay significant amounts to our tax equity vehicles, our tax equity investors and/or the U.S. government. Such determinations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition " and " If our solar energy systems either cease to be qualifying property or undergo certain changes in ownership within five years of the applicable placed in service date, we may have to pay significant amounts to our tax equity vehicles, our tax equity investors and/or the U.S. government. Such recapture could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition ". 
 
 Due to uncertainties associated with estimating the timing and amounts of cash distributions and allocations of tax benefits to such investors, we cannot determine the potential impact on our cash flows under current or future arrangements. Any significant reductions in the cash we expect to receive from these structures could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 Changes in tax law could adversely affect our business. 
 
 U.S. tax law is always subject to change. For example, in August 2022, the U.S. enacted the IRA, which contains significant changes to U.S. tax law including, but not limited to, a corporate minimum tax and 1 excise tax on stock repurchases. Other potential changes to the Code include changes to the U.S. corporate income tax rate and provisions limiting or eliminating various deductions, credits or tax preferences. Interpretations of the Code and regulations promulgated by the IRS are likewise subject to change. As states elect to conform (or else have rolling conformity) to the Code, such interpretations and regulations (including those promulgated by state authorities) could likewise affect our state income and franchise tax obligations. Any future changes in tax law, including changes to U.S. federal, state, territorial or local tax law, could affect our tax position and adversely impact our business. 
 
 If the IRS or the U.S. Treasury Department makes a determination that the fair market value of our solar energy systems is materially lower than what we have reported in our tax equity vehicles' tax returns, we may have to pay significant amounts 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 to our tax equity vehicles, our tax equity investors and/or the U.S. government. Such determinations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 The basis of our solar energy systems we report in our tax equity vehicles' tax returns to claim the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC is based on the appraised fair market value of our solar energy systems. The IRS continues to scrutinize fair market value determinations industry-wide. We are not aware of any IRS audits or results of audits related to our appraisals or fair market value determinations of any of our tax equity vehicles. If, as part of an examination, the IRS were to review the fair market value we used to establish our basis for claiming Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs and successfully assert the Section 48(a) ITCs or the Section 48E ITCs previously claimed should be reduced, we would owe certain of our tax equity vehicles or our tax equity investors an amount equal to the disallowed Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs attributable to each investor's share of the difference between the fair market value used to establish our basis for claiming Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs and the adjusted fair market value determined by the IRS, plus any costs and expenses associated with a challenge to that fair market value, plus a gross up to pay for additional taxes. We could also be subject to tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, based on our share of claimed Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs. To date, we have not been required to make such payments under any of our tax equity vehicles. We have obtained insurance coverage with respect to certain losses that may be incurred should the Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs previously claimed with respect to our tax equity vehicles be reduced. Any such losses could be outside the scope of these insurance policies or exceed insurance policy limits and we could incur unforeseen costs that could harm our business and financial condition. 
 
 If our solar energy systems either cease to be qualifying property or undergo certain changes in ownership within five years of the applicable placed in service date, we may have to pay significant amounts to our tax equity vehicles, our tax equity investors and/or the U.S. government. Such recapture could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 The Section 48(a) ITCs and the Section 48E ITCs are subject to recapture under the Code if a solar energy system either ceases to be qualifying property or undergoes certain changes in ownership within five years of its placed in service date. The amount of Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs subject to recapture decreases by 20 of the claimed amount on each anniversary of a solar energy system's placed in service date. If such a recapture event were to occur, we could owe certain of our tax equity vehicles or our tax equity investors an amount equal to such vehicles' or investors' share of the Section 48(a) ITCs or the Section 48E ITCs that were recaptured. We could also be subject to tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, based on our share of recaptured Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs. Any such recapture could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 We do not intend to pay, and our credit facilities currently prohibit us from paying, cash dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates. 
 
 We do not plan to declare dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Additionally, we are currently prohibited from making any cash dividends pursuant to the terms of certain of our credit facilities. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment in us will be if you sell your common stock at a price greater than you paid for it. There is no guarantee the price of our common stock that will prevail in the market will ever exceed the price you paid for it. 
 
 Ownership of our common stock by current stockholders is expected to remain significant. 
 
 Due to their ownership percentages, certain key stockholders may have the ability to exercise significant influence over matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares, which could prevent our stockholders from receiving an offer premium for their shares. So long as the key stockholders continue to own a significant amount of our common stock, they will continue to be able to strongly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, regardless of whether or not other stockholders believe a potential transaction is in their own best interests. In any of these matters, the interests of the key stockholders may differ or conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. In addition, certain of the key stockholders may, from time to time, acquire interests in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with our business, as well as businesses that are significant existing or potential customers. Certain of the key stockholders may acquire or seek to acquire assets we seek to acquire and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us or may be more expensive for us to pursue. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The price of our common stock is volatile and may decline in value. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
 public reaction to our press releases, announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 our operating and financial performance; 
 fluctuations in broader securities market prices and volumes, particularly among securities of technology and solar companies; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 departures of key personnel; 
 commencement of or involvement in litigation; 
 variations in our quarterly results of operations or those of other technology and solar companies; 
 changes in general economic conditions, financial markets or the technology and solar industries; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or other transactions; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 actions by our stockholders; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock or changes in their recommendations and estimates of our financial performance; 
 future sales of our common stock, including by large stockholders, or perceptions that such sales might occur; and 
 the other factors described in these " Risk Factors ". 
 
 If we fail to comply with the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act or maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, it could result in late or non-compliant filings or inaccurate financial reporting and have a negative impact on the price of our common stock or our business. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide timely, reliable financial reporting and prevent fraud. Our accounting predecessor was not a public company and was not required to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, or with the standards adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding internal controls over financial reporting. As a public company, we are required to report our financial results on the timeline and in the form prescribed by the Exchange Act and to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. This requires management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 We are required to disclose material changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and annually review and report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm must attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Material weaknesses and significant deficiencies may exist when we report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as required by reporting requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 The process of documenting and further developing our internal controls to become compliant with Section 404 has taken a significant amount of time and effort to complete and required significant attention of management. We are continuing to improve our internal controls over financial reporting. We have expended, and anticipate we will continue to expend, significant resources in order to maintain and enhance existing effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. Our current controls and any new controls we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. We may experience higher than anticipated operating expenses, as well as increased independent auditor and other fees and expenses during the implementation of these changes and thereafter. 
 
 Certain of our directors have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, entities that may compete with us in seeking business opportunities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating time or pursuing business opportunities. 
 
 Certain of our directors, who are responsible for managing the direction of our operations and acquisition activities, hold positions of responsibility with other entities whose businesses are similar to our business. The existing positions held by these directors may give rise to fiduciary or other duties in conflict with the duties they owe to us. These directors may become aware of business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as to the other entities with which they are or may become affiliated. Due to these existing and potential future affiliations, they may present potential business opportunities 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 to other entities prior to presenting them to us, which could cause additional conflicts of interest. They may also decide certain opportunities are more appropriate for other entities with which they are affiliated and as a result, they may elect not to present those opportunities to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor. 
 
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future between us, on the one hand, and any of our stockholders and its affiliates and affiliated funds and its and their current and future portfolio companies on the other hand, concerning, among other things, potential competitive business activities or business opportunities. 
 
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future between us, on the one hand, and any of our stockholders and its affiliates and affiliated funds and its and their current and future portfolio companies, on the other hand, concerning, among other things, potential competitive business activities or business opportunities. For example, certain of our existing investors and their affiliated funds may invest in companies that operate in the traditional energy industry and solar and other renewable industries. As a result, our existing investors and their affiliates' and affiliated funds' current and future portfolio companies they control may now, or in the future, directly or indirectly, compete with us for investment or business opportunities. 
 
 Our governing documents provide that our stockholders and their affiliates and affiliated funds are not restricted from owning assets or engaging in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us and will not have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us, including those business activities or lines of business deemed to be competing with us, or doing business with any of our clients, customers or vendors. In particular, subject to the limitations of applicable law, our certificate of incorporation, among other things: 
 
 permits stockholders or their affiliates and affiliated funds and our non-employee directors to conduct business that competes with us and to make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments; and 
 provides that if any of our stockholders or any of its affiliates who is also one of our non-employee directors becomes aware of a potential business opportunity, transaction or other matter, they will have no duty to communicate or offer that opportunity to us. 
 
 Our stockholders or their affiliates or affiliated funds may become aware, from time to time, of certain business opportunities (such as acquisition opportunities) and may direct such opportunities to other businesses in which they have invested, in which case we may not become aware of or otherwise have the ability to pursue such opportunity. Further, such businesses may choose to compete with us for these opportunities, possibly causing these opportunities to not be available to us or causing them to be more expensive for us to pursue. In addition, our stockholders or their affiliates and affiliated funds may dispose of their interests in energy infrastructure or other renewable companies or other assets in the future, without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase any of those assets. As a result, our renouncing our interest and expectancy in any business opportunity that may be from time to time presented to any of our stockholders or their affiliates and affiliated funds could adversely impact our business or prospects if attractive business opportunities are procured by such parties for their own benefit rather than for ours. 
 
 In any of these matters, the interests of our existing stockholders and their affiliates and affiliated funds may differ or conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. Any actual or perceived conflicts of interest with respect to the foregoing could have an adverse impact on the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 
 
 Our charter documents authorize our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and, relatedly, may have the effect of delaying or preventing an acquisition of us or a merger in which we are not the surviving company and may otherwise prevent or slow changes in our Board and management. In addition, some provisions of our certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and stockholders' agreement could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders, including: 
 
 limitations on changes of control and business combinations; 
 limitations on the removal of directors; 
 limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; 
 establishing advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the Board to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; 
 providing that the Board is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal our bylaws; and 
 establishing advance notice and certain information requirements for nominations for election to our Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

These provisions could discourage an acquisition of us or other change in control transactions and thereby negatively affect the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of organization provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our or our stockholders' behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, employees, agents and stockholders to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, (d) any action as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (e) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, subject to and contingent upon a final adjudication in the State of Delaware of the enforceability of such exclusive forum provision. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring an interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. These choice-of-forum provisions may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that he, she or it believes to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and our Board. For example, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware recently determined a provision stating that U.S. federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act is not enforceable. 
 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could reduce our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may dilute your ownership in us. 
 
 We may raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt in the future. In that event, the ownership of our existing stockholders would be diluted and the value of the stockholders' equity in common stock could be reduced. If we raise more equity capital from the sale of common stock, institutional or other investors may negotiate terms more favorable than the current prices of our common stock. If we issue debt securities, the holders of the debt would have a claim to our assets that would be prior to the rights of stockholders until the debt is paid. Interest on these debt securities would increase costs and could negatively impact operating results. 
 
 In accordance with Delaware law and the provisions of our charter documents, we may issue preferred stock that ranks senior in right of dividends, liquidation or voting to our common stock. The issuance by us of such preferred stock may (a) reduce or eliminate the amount of cash available for payment of dividends to our holders of common stock, (b) diminish the relative voting strength of the total shares of common stock outstanding as a class, or (c) subordinate the claims of our holders of common stock to our assets in the event of our liquidation. Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation does not provide stockholders the pre-emptive right to buy shares from us. As a result, stockholders will not have the automatic ability to avoid dilution in their percentage ownership of us. 
 
 We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The capped call transactions may affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, we expect the option counterparties or their respective affiliates to purchase shares of our common stock and/or enter into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the Convertible Notes. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of our common stock at that time. 
 
 In addition, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 0.25 convertible senior notes (and are likely to do so during the observation period for conversions of the 0.25 convertible senior notes following September 1, 2026 or following any repurchase of the 0.25 convertible senior notes by us and during the observation period for conversions of the 2.625 convertible senior notes following November 15, 2027 or following any repurchase of the 2.625 convertible senior notes by us). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and payment delinquencies on our accounts receivable. 
 
 Our customers purchase solar energy or lease solar energy systems from us pursuant to one of two types of long-term contracts: a PPA or a lease. The PPA and lease terms are typically for 20 or 25 years. In addition, under our loan agreements the customer finances the purchase of a solar energy system and we agree to operate and maintain the solar energy system throughout the term of the agreement. Our solar service agreements require the customer to make monthly payments to us throughout the term of the contract, unless prepaid. Because we have long-term, contractual relationships with our customers, we are subject to the credit risk of our customers and screen our customers based upon their credit rating in an attempt to mitigate the risk of customer default. As of December 31, 2022, the average FICO score of our customers for whom we have a FICO score was 739 at the time of signing the solar service agreement. The accuracy of independent third-party information provided to the credit reporting agency cannot be verified. A FICO score purports only to be a measurement of the relative degree of risk a borrower represents to a lender, i.e., a borrower with a higher score may be less likely to default in payment than a borrower with a lower score. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 0.9 of our customers were in default under their solar service agreements. However, as we grow our business, the risk of customer defaults may increase as credit scores are dynamic and may deteriorate over a 25-year period. During an economic downturn or during periods of rising inflation and interest rates, the risk of customer defaults may increase. In addition, our customers may assign their solar service agreements to other customers who have lower credit scores or we may enter into new solar service agreements in the future with customers who have lower credit scores than our current customers. In addition, future developments, including competition from other renewables, could decrease the attractiveness of our current contracts. Although our solar service agreements grant us the ability to terminate the agreement with the customer and repossess the defaulting customers' solar energy system in certain circumstances, enforcement of these rights under the solar service agreement may be difficult, expensive and time-consuming. If we experience increased customer defaults, our revenue and our ability to raise new investment funds could be adversely affected. If economic conditions worsen, certain of our customers may face liquidity concerns and may be unable to satisfy their payment obligations to us on a timely basis or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are not able to insure against all potential risks and we may become subject to higher insurance premiums. 
 
 We are exposed to numerous risks inherent in the operation of solar energy systems and energy storage systems, including equipment failure, manufacturing defects, natural disasters such as hurricanes, freezes, fires and earthquakes, terrorist attacks, sabotage, vandalism and environmental risks. Furthermore, components of our solar energy systems and energy storage systems, such as panels, inverters and batteries, could be damaged by severe weather, such as tsunamis, hurricanes, tornadoes, hailstorms or lightning. If our solar energy systems or energy storage systems are damaged in the event of a natural disaster beyond our control, losses could be outside the scope of insurance policies or exceed insurance policy limits and we could incur 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 unforeseen costs that could harm our business and financial condition. We may also incur significant additional costs in taking actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, such events. 
 
 Our insurance policies also cover legal and contractual liabilities arising out of bodily injury, personal injury or property damage to third parties and are subject to policy limits. We also maintain coverage for physical damage to our solar energy assets. 
 
 However, such policies do not cover all potential losses and coverage is not always available in the insurance market on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, we may have disagreements with our insurers on the amount of our recoverable damages and the insurance proceeds received for any loss of, or any damage to, any of our assets may be claimed by lenders under our financing arrangements or otherwise may not be sufficient to restore the loss or damage without a negative impact on our results of operations. Furthermore, the receipt of insurance proceeds may be delayed, requiring us to use cash or incur financing costs in the interim. To the extent we experience covered losses under our insurance policies, the limit of our coverage for potential losses may be decreased or the insurance rates we have to pay increased. Furthermore, the losses insured through commercial insurance are subject to the credit risk of those insurance companies. While we believe our commercial insurance providers are currently creditworthy, we cannot assure you such insurance companies will remain so in the future. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. The insurance coverage we do obtain may contain large deductibles or fail to cover certain risks or all potential losses. In addition, our insurance policies are subject to annual review by our insurers and may not be renewed on similar or favorable terms, including coverage, deductibles or premiums, or at all. If a significant accident or event occurs for which we are not fully insured or we suffer losses due to one or more of our insurance carriers defaulting on their obligations or contesting their coverage obligations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The loss of one or more members of our senior management or key employees may adversely affect our ability to implement our strategy. 
 
 We depend on our experienced management team and the loss of one or more key executives could have a negative impact on our business. In particular, we are dependent on the services of our founder and CEO, William J. Berger. We also depend on our ability to retain and motivate key employees and attract qualified new employees. None of our key executives are bound by employment agreements for any specific term. We may be unable to replace key members of our management team and key employees if we lose their services. Integrating new employees into our team could prove disruptive to our operations, require substantial resources and management attention and ultimately prove unsuccessful. An inability to attract and retain sufficient managerial personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships could limit or delay our strategic efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our inability to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business. We may also be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies. 
 
 Any failure to protect our proprietary rights adequately could result in our competitors offering similar solar technology or energy storage services more quickly than anticipated, potentially resulting in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue that would adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on intellectual property laws, primarily a combination of copyright and trade secret laws in the U.S., as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and brand. We cannot be certain our agreements and other contractual provisions will not be breached, including a breach involving the use or disclosure of our trade secrets or know-how, or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or lose trade secret protection. 
 
 We cannot be certain our products and our business do not or will not violate the intellectual property rights of a third party. Third parties, including our competitors, may own patents or other intellectual property rights that cover aspects of our technology or business methods. Such parties may claim we have misappropriated, misused, violated or infringed third-party intellectual property rights and if we gain greater recognition in the market, we face a higher risk of being the subject of claims we have violated others' intellectual property rights. Any claim we violated a third party's intellectual property rights, whether with or without merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management's attention and other resources, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we do not successfully settle or defend an intellectual property claim, we could be liable for significant monetary damages and could be prohibited from continuing to use certain technology, business methods, content or brands. To avoid a prohibition, we 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 could seek a license from third parties, which could require us to pay significant royalties, increasing our operating expenses. If a license is not available at all or not available on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to develop or license a non-violating alternative, either of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We currently use or plan to use software that is licensed under "open source", "free" or other similar licenses that may subject us to liability or require us to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. 
 
 We currently use open source software that is licensed under "open source", "free" or other similar licenses. Open source software is made available to the general public on an "as-is" basis under the terms of a non-negotiable license. If we fail to comply with these licenses, we may be subject to certain conditions, including requirements that we offer our services that incorporate the open source software for no cost, we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon incorporating or using the open source software and we license such modifications or alterations under the terms of the particular open source license. We do not plan to integrate our proprietary software with this open source software in ways that would require the release of the source code of our proprietary software to the public. However, our use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software. Our authorized developers may contribute to this open source software community but they will be prohibited from providing any proprietary process or proprietarily developed source code of ours. Open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time. We may also face claims alleging noncompliance with open source license terms or infringement or misappropriation of proprietary software. 
 
 These claims could result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our software, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. In addition, if the license terms for open source software that we use change, we may be forced to re-engineer our technology platform or incur additional costs. 
 
 Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our technology platform to unintended conditions, few courts have interpreted open source licenses and there is a risk these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our business. We cannot guarantee we have incorporated open source software in our software in a manner that will not subject us to liability or in a manner consistent with our current policies and procedures. 
 
 We may become involved in the future in legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims, such as those related to employees, customers, our dealers or other third parties with whom we contract, including consumer claims and class action lawsuits. In the ordinary course of business, we have disputes with dealers and customers. In general, litigation claims or regulatory proceedings can be expensive and time consuming to bring or defend against, may result in the diversion of management attention and resources from our business and business goals and could result in injunctions or other equitable relief, settlements, penalties, fines or damages that could significantly affect our results of operations and the conduct of our business. It is impossible to predict with certainty whether any resulting liability would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our actual financial results may differ materially from any guidance we may publish from time to time. 
 
 We may, from time to time, provide guidance regarding our future performance that represents our management's estimates as of the date such guidance is provided. Any such guidance would be based upon a number of assumptions with respect to future business decisions (some of which may change) and estimates, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies (many of which are beyond our control). Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature and it can be expected some or all the assumptions that inform such guidance will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Our ability to meet any forward-looking guidance is impacted by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the number of our solar energy systems sold versus leased, changes in installation costs, the availability of additional financing on acceptable terms, changes in the retail prices of traditional utility-generated electricity, the availability of rebates, tax credits and other incentives, changes in policies and regulations including net metering and interconnection limits or caps, the availability of solar panels, inverters, batteries and other raw materials, as well as the other risks to our business described in this "Risk Factors" section. Accordingly, our 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date such guidance is provided. Actual results may vary from such guidance and the variations may be material. Investors should also recognize the reliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the farther into the future the data is forecast. In light of the foregoing, investors should not place undue reliance on our financial guidance and should carefully consider any guidance we may publish in context. 
 
 If we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth could be limited, and any acquisitions we may make may reduce, rather than increase, our cash flows. 
 
 We may make acquisitions of solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related businesses and joint ventures. The consummation and timing of any future acquisitions will depend upon, among other things, whether we are able to: 
 
 identify attractive acquisition candidates; 
 negotiate acceptable purchase agreements; 
 obtain any required governmental or third party consents; 
 obtain financing for these acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, which may be more difficult at times when the capital markets are less accessible; and 
 outbid any competing bidders. 
 
 Additionally, any acquisition involves potential risks, including, among other things: 
 
 mistaken assumptions about assets, revenues and costs of the acquired company, including synergies and potential growth; 
 an inability to secure adequate customer commitments to use the acquired systems or facilities; 
 an inability to successfully integrate the assets or businesses we acquire; 
 coordinating geographically disparate organizations, systems and facilities; 
 the assumption of unknown liabilities for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is inadequate; 
 mistaken assumptions about the acquired company's suppliers or dealers or other vendors; 
 the diversion of management's and employees' attention from other business concerns; 
 unforeseen difficulties operating in new geographic areas and business lines; 
 customer or key employee losses at the acquired business; and 
 poor quality assets or installation. 
 
 If we consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization, results of operations and future growth may change significantly and our stockholders will not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information we will consider in deciding to engage in these future acquisitions, which may not improve our results of operations or cash flow to the extent we projected. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is in Houston, Texas, where we occupy approximately 73,800 square feet of office space pursuant to an operating lease that expires in July 2029. We lease additional offices in Houston, Guam, California, Florida, Nevada, Mississippi, New York and Puerto Rico, but do not own any real property. We intend to procure additional space in the future as we continue to add employees and expand geographically. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation, claims and government proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, we are not a party to any litigation or governmental or other proceeding we believe will have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. In the ordinary course of business, we have disputes with dealers and customers. In general, litigation claims or regulatory proceedings can be expensive and time consuming to bring or defend against, may result in the diversion of management attention and resources from our business and business goals and could result in settlement or damages that could significantly affect financial results and the conduct of our business. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock began trading on the NYSE under the symbol "NOVA" on July 25, 2019. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of February 20, 2023, there were approximately 32 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in "street" name and, accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not expect to pay any dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions and other factors our Board may deem relevant. In addition, the terms of our credit agreements and indentures contain restrictions on the payment of dividends and we may also enter into other credit agreements, indentures or other borrowing arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends on our capital stock. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following stock performance graph compares our total stock return with the total return for (a) the NYSE Composite Index and the (b) the Invesco Solar ETF, which represents a peer group of solar companies, for the period from July 25, 2019 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the NYSE) through December 31, 2022. The figures represented below assume an investment of 100 in our common stock at the closing price of 11.25 on July 25, 2019 and in the NYSE Composite Index and the Invesco Solar ETF on July 25, 2019, including the reinvestment of dividends into shares of common stock. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. This graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 We did not have any sales of unregistered equity securities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 that we have not previously reported on an Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those discussed under "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements", "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

Company Overview 
 
 We are a leading EaaS provider, serving over 279,000 customers in more than 45 U.S. states and territories. Our goal is to be the source of clean, affordable and reliable energy with a simple mission: to power energy independence so home and business owners have the freedom to live life uninterrupted. We were founded to deliver customers a better energy service at a better price; and, through our energy service offerings, we are disrupting the traditional energy landscape and the way the 21st century customer generates and consumes electricity. 
 
 We have a differentiated dealer model in which we partner with local dealers who originate, design and install our customers' solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related products and services on our behalf. Our focus on our dealer model enables us to leverage our dealers' specialized knowledge, connections and experience in local markets to drive customer origination while providing our dealers with access to high quality products at competitive prices, as well as technical oversight and expertise. We believe this structure provides operational flexibility, reduces exposure to labor shortages and lowers fixed costs relative to our peers, furthering our competitive advantage. 
 
 We offer customers products to power their homes and businesses with affordable solar energy and related products and services. We are able to offer savings compared to utility-based retail rates with little to no up-front expense to the customer in conjunction with solar and solar plus energy storage, and, in the case of the latter, are able to also provide energy resiliency. Our solar service agreements typically take the form of a lease, PPA, loan or cash purchase; however, we also offer service plans for systems we did not originate. We make it possible in some states for a customer to obtain a new roof and other ancillary products as part of their solar loan. We also allow customers originated through our homebuilder channel the option of purchasing the system when the customer closes on the purchase of a new home. The initial term of our solar service agreements is typically between 10 and 25 years. Service is an integral part of our agreements and includes operations and maintenance, monitoring, repairs and replacements, equipment upgrades, on-site power optimization for the customer (for both supply and demand), the ability to efficiently switch power sources among the solar panel, grid and energy storage system, as appropriate, and diagnostics. During the life of the contract, we have the opportunity to integrate related and evolving servicing and monitoring technologies to upgrade the flexibility and reduce the cost of our customers' energy supply. 
 
 In the case of leases and PPAs, we also currently receive tax benefits and other incentives from federal, state and local governments, a portion of which we finance through tax equity, non-recourse debt structures and hedging arrangements in order to fund our upfront costs, overhead and growth investments. We have an established track record of attracting capital from diverse sources. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have raised more than 11.8 billion in total capital commitments from equity, debt and tax equity investors. 
 
 In addition to providing ongoing service as a standard component of our solar service agreements, we also offer ongoing energy services to customers who purchased their solar energy system through third parties. Under these arrangements, we agree to provide monitoring, maintenance and repair services to these customers for the life of the service contract they sign with us. In addition, we offer one-time repair services to customers who purchased their solar energy systems through third parties. We also offer complimentary products to our agreements as well as non-solar financing. Specifically, our offerings include a non-solar loan program enabling customers to finance the purchase of products independent of a solar energy system or energy storage system. We believe the quality and scope of our comprehensive energy service offerings, whether to customers that obtained their solar energy system through us or through another party, is a key differentiator between us and our competitors. 
 
 In April 2021, we acquired SunStreet, Lennar's residential solar platform that focuses primarily on solar energy systems and energy storage systems for homebuilders. In connection with that acquisition, we entered into an agreement pursuant to 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 which we would be the exclusive solar and storage provider for Lennar's new home communities with solar across the U.S. for a period of four years. We believe the acquisition provides a new strategic path to further scale our solar business, reduces customer acquisition costs, provides a multi-year supply of sites through the development of new solar communities and allows us to pursue the development of clean and resilient microgrids across the U.S. 
 
 We also enter into leases with third-party owners of pools of solar energy systems to receive such third party's interest in those systems. In connection therewith, we assume the related customer PPA and lease obligations, entitling us to future customer cash flows as well as certain credits, rebates and incentives (including SRECs) under those agreements, in exchange for a lease payment, whether upfront or over time, to the third-party owner, which may be made in the form of cash or shares of our common stock. We believe such arrangements enhance our long-term contracted cash flows and are complementary to our overall business model. 
 
 We commenced operations in January 2013 and began providing solar energy services under our first solar energy system in April 2013. Since then, our brand, innovation and focused execution have driven significant, rapid growth in our market share and in the number of customers on our platform. We operate one of the largest residential fleets of solar energy systems in the U.S., comprising more than 1,627 megawatts of generation capacity and serving over 279,000 customers. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Financing Transactions 
 
 In October 2022, a tax equity investor increased its capital commitment from approximately 25.0 million to approximately 75.0 million. In October 2022, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of approximately 30.0 million. In November 2022, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of approximately 41.0 million. In December 2022, we admitted three tax equity investors with a total capital commitment of approximately 239.0 million. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements Tax Equity Fund Commitments " below. 
 
 In October 2022, the revolving credit facility by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC ("TEPH"), Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, was amended to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 564.7 million to 600.0 million and (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from 639.7 million to 689.7 million. In November 2022, the revolving credit facility by and among Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC ("AP8"), Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, as agent, and the lenders party thereto, was amended to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 60.0 million to 75.0 million, (b) extend the facility maturity date from September 2023 to September 2024, (c) add provisions to permit AP8 to acquire and own managing members of financing funds and related covenants regarding the ownership of such managing members of financing funds, (d) add the ability to borrow against solar assets, including amending the definition of "Borrowing Base" and related provisions and covenants to account for solar assets, (e) amend the eligibility criteria, concentration limits and amortization events for solar loans and the addition of solar assets, (f) replace the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") with Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility), (g) amend the interest rate on borrowings to an annual rate of Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) plus 0.03, with interest payments being due quarterly and (h) include certain provisions addressing grid services revenue, service incentives, service incentives rebates and related matters. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements Warehouse and Other Debt Financings " below. 
 
 In November 2022, one of our subsidiaries issued 103.4 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class A solar loan-backed notes, 80.6 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class B solar loan-backed notes and 51.7 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELX Notes") with a maturity date of November 2049. The HELX Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.30 , 5.60 and 6.00 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements Securitizations " below. 

Securitizations 
 
 As a source of long-term financing, we securitize qualifying solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related solar service agreements into special purpose entities who issue solar asset-backed and solar loan-backed notes to institutional investors. We also securitize the cash flows generated by the membership interests in certain of our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries that are the managing member of a tax equity fund that owns a pool of solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related solar service agreements that were originated by one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. For projects that begin construction after December 31, 2024, the Section 48(a) ITC will be replaced with the Section 48E ITC. We do not 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 securitize the Section 48(a) ITC incentives, and currently do not plan to securitize any Section 48E ITC incentives, associated with the solar energy systems and energy storage systems as part of these arrangements. We use the cash flows these solar energy systems and energy storage systems generate to service the monthly, quarterly or semi-annual principal and interest payments on the notes and satisfy the expenses and reserve requirements of the special purpose entities, with any remaining cash distributed to their sole members, who are typically our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. In connection with these securitizations, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems and energy storage systems pursuant to management, servicing, facility administration and asset management agreements. The special purpose entities are also typically required to maintain a liquidity reserve account and a reserve account for equipment replacements and, in certain cases, reserve accounts for financing fund purchase option/withdrawal right exercises or storage system replacement for the benefit of the holders under the applicable series of notes, each of which are funded from initial deposits or cash flows to the levels specified therein. The creditors of these special purpose entities have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the terms of the notes. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have issued 3.6 billion in solar asset-backed and solar loan-backed notes. 

Tax Equity Funds 
 
 Our ability to offer long-term solar service agreements depends in part on our ability to finance the installation of the solar energy systems and energy storage systems by co-investing with tax equity investors, such as large banks who value the resulting customer receivables and Section 48(a) ITCs or, in the future, Section 48E ITCs, accelerated tax depreciation and other incentives related to the solar energy systems and energy storage systems, primarily through structured investments known as "tax equity". Tax equity investments are generally structured as non-recourse project financings known as "tax equity funds". In the context of distributed generation solar energy, tax equity investors make contributions upfront or in stages based on milestones in exchange for a share of the tax attributes and cash flows emanating from an underlying portfolio of solar energy systems and energy storage systems. In these tax equity funds, the U.S. federal tax attributes offset taxes that otherwise would have been payable on the investors' other operations. The terms and conditions of each tax equity fund vary significantly by investor and by fund. We continue to negotiate with potential investors to create additional tax equity funds. 
 
 In general, our tax equity funds are structured using the "partnership flip" structure. Under partnership flip structures, we and our tax equity investors contribute cash into a partnership. The partnership uses this cash to acquire long-term solar service agreements, solar energy systems and energy storage systems developed by us and sells energy from such solar energy systems and energy storage systems, as applicable, to customers or directly leases the solar energy systems and energy storage systems, as applicable, to customers. We assign these solar service agreements, solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related incentives to our tax equity funds in accordance with the criteria of the specific funds. Upon such assignment and the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, we are able to draw down on the tax equity fund commitments. The conditions precedent to funding vary across our tax equity funds but generally require that we have entered into a solar service agreement with the customer, the customer meets certain credit criteria, the solar energy system is expected to be eligible for the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC, as applicable, we have a recent appraisal from an independent appraiser establishing the fair market value of the solar energy system and the property is in an approved state or territory. Certain tax equity investors agree to receive a minimum target rate of return, typically on an after-tax basis, which varies by tax equity fund. Prior to receiving a contractual rate of return or a date specified in the contractual arrangements, the tax equity investor receives substantially all of the non-cash value attributable to the solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which includes accelerated depreciation and Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs, as applicable; however, we typically receive a majority of the cash distributions, which are typically paid quarterly. After the tax equity investor receives its contractual rate of return or after a specified date, we receive substantially all of the cash and tax allocations. 
 
 We have determined we are the primary beneficiary in these tax equity funds for accounting purposes. Accordingly, we consolidate the assets and liabilities and operating results of these partnerships in our consolidated financial statements. We recognize the tax equity investors' share of the net assets of the tax equity funds as redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets. The income or loss allocations reflected in our consolidated statements of operations may create significant volatility in our reported results of operations, including potentially changing net loss attributable to stockholders to net income attributable to stockholders, or vice versa, from quarter to quarter. 
 
 We typically have an option to acquire, and our tax equity investors may have an option to withdraw and require us to purchase, all the equity interests our tax equity investor holds in the tax equity funds starting approximately five years after the last solar energy system in the applicable tax equity fund is operational. If we or our tax equity investors exercise this option, we are typically required to pay at least the fair market value of the tax equity investor's equity interest and, in certain cases, a contractual minimum amount. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have received commitments of approximately 1.8 billion through the use of tax equity funds, of which an aggregate of 1.5 billion has been funded and 210.5 million remains available for use. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Key Financial and Operational Metrics 
 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key operational and financial metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate our financial projections and make strategic decisions. 
 
 Number of Customers . We define number of customers to include every unique premises on which a Sunnova product is installed or on which Sunnova is obligated to perform services for a counterparty. We track the total number of customers as an indicator of our historical growth and our rate of growth from period to period. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Change Number of customers 279,400 192,600 86,800 
 
 Weighted Average Number of Systems. We calculate the weighted average number of systems based on the number of months a customer and any additional service obligation related to a solar energy system is in-service during a given measurement period. The weighted average number of systems reflects the number of systems at the beginning of a period, plus the total number of new systems added in the period adjusted by a factor that accounts for the partial period nature of those new systems. For purposes of this calculation, we assume all new systems added during a month were added in the middle of that month. The number of systems for any end of period will exceed the number of customers, as defined above, for that same end of period as we are also including any additional services and/or contracts a customer or third party executed for the additional work for the same residence or business. We track the weighted average system count in order to accurately reflect the contribution of the appropriate number of systems to key financial metrics over the measurement period. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted average number of systems (excluding loan agreements and cash sales) 168,400 125,100 76,100 Weighted average number of systems with loan agreements 56,500 27,200 14,700 Weighted average number of systems with cash sales 4,000 600 Weighted average number of systems 228,900 152,900 90,800 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus net interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, income tax expense, financing deal costs, natural disaster losses and related charges, net, losses on extinguishment of long-term debt, realized and unrealized gains and losses on fair value instruments and equity securities, amortization of payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements, legal settlements and excluding the effect of certain non-recurring items we do not consider to be indicative of our ongoing operating performance such as, but not limited to, costs of our initial public offering ("IPO"), acquisition costs, losses on unenforceable contracts, indemnification payments to tax equity investors and other non-cash items such as non-cash compensation expense, asset retirement obligation ("ARO") accretion expense, provision for current expected credit losses and non-cash inventory impairments. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure we use as a performance measure. We believe investors and securities analysts also use Adjusted EBITDA in evaluating our operating performance. This measurement is not recognized in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and should not be viewed as an alternative to GAAP measures of performance. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA is net income (loss). The presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed to suggest our future results will be unaffected by non-cash or non-recurring items. In addition, our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to Adjusted EBITDA as calculated by other companies. 
 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to management, investors and analysts in providing a measure of core financial performance adjusted to allow for comparisons of results of operations across reporting periods on a consistent basis. These adjustments are intended to exclude items that are not indicative of the ongoing operating performance of the business. Adjusted EBITDA is also used by our management for internal planning purposes, including our consolidated operating budget, and by our board of directors in setting performance-based compensation targets. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to but viewed in conjunction with GAAP results, as we believe it provides a more complete understanding of ongoing business performance and trends than GAAP measures alone. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Reconciliation of Net Loss to Adjusted EBITDA: Net loss (130,276) (147,510) (307,818) Interest expense, net 107,775 116,248 154,580 Interest income (59,799) (34,228) (23,741) Income tax expense 3,886 260 181 Depreciation expense 108,167 85,600 66,066 Amortization expense 29,224 21,771 32 EBITDA 58,977 42,141 (110,700) Non-cash compensation expense 24,218 17,236 10,873 ARO accretion expense 3,701 2,897 2,186 Financing deal costs 930 1,411 4,454 Natural disaster losses and related charges, net 1,164 31 Acquisition costs 7,801 6,709 Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net 9,824 142,772 Unrealized gain on fair value instruments and equity securities (29,279) (21,988) (907) Realized gain on fair value instruments (835) Amortization of payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements 4,327 2,968 1,820 Legal settlements (1,001) Provision for current expected credit losses 40,160 23,679 7,969 Non-cash inventory impairments 5,375 982 1,934 Indemnification payments to tax equity investors 2,737 Adjusted EBITDA 119,110 85,859 59,597 
 
 Interest Income and Principal Payments from Customer Notes Receivable. Under our loan agreements, the customer obtains financing for the purchase of a solar energy system from us and we agree to operate and maintain the solar energy system throughout the duration of the agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the loan agreement, the customer makes scheduled principal and interest payments to us and has the option to prepay principal at any time in part or in full. Whereas we typically recognize payments from customers under our leases and PPAs as revenue, we recognize payments received from customers under our loan agreements (a) as interest income, to the extent attributable to earned interest on the contract that financed the customer's purchase of the solar energy system; (b) as a reduction of a note receivable on the balance sheet, to the extent attributable to a return of principal (whether scheduled or prepaid) on the contract that financed the customer's purchase of the solar energy system; and (c) as revenue, to the extent attributable to payments for operations and maintenance services provided by us. 
 
 While Adjusted EBITDA effectively captures the operating performance of our leases and PPAs, it only reflects the service portion of the operating performance under our loan agreements. We do not consider our types of solar service agreements differently when evaluating our operating performance. In order to present a measure of operating performance that provides comparability without regard to the different accounting treatment among our three types of solar service agreements, we consider interest income from customer notes receivable and principal proceeds from customer notes receivable, net of related revenue, as key performance metrics. We believe these two metrics provide a more meaningful and uniform method of analyzing our operating performance when viewed in light of our other key performance metrics across the three primary types of solar service agreements. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Interest income from customer notes receivable 56,431 33,696 23,239 Principal proceeds from customer notes receivable, net of related revenue 91,455 59,274 32,580 
 
 Adjusted Operating Expense. We define Adjusted Operating Expense as total operating expense less depreciation and amortization expense, financing deal costs, natural disaster losses and related charges, net, amortization of payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements, legal settlements, direct sales costs, cost of revenue related to cash sales, cost of revenue related to inventory sales, unrealized gains and losses on fair value instruments and excluding the effect of certain non-recurring items we do not consider to be indicative of our ongoing operating performance such as, but not limited to, costs of our IPO, acquisition costs, losses on unenforceable contracts, indemnification payments to tax equity investors and other non-cash items such as non-cash compensation expense, ARO accretion expense, provision for current expected credit losses and non-cash inventory impairments. Adjusted Operating Expense is a non-GAAP financial measure we use as a performance measure. We believe investors and securities analysts will also use Adjusted Operating Expense in evaluating our performance. This measurement is not recognized in accordance with GAAP and should not be viewed as an alternative to GAAP measures of performance. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to Adjusted Operating Expense is total operating expense. We believe Adjusted Operating Expense is a supplemental financial measure useful to management, analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies as an indicator of the efficiency of our operations between reporting periods. Adjusted Operating Expense should not be considered an alternative to but viewed in conjunction with GAAP total operating expense, as we believe it provides a more complete understanding of our performance than GAAP measures alone. Adjusted Operating Expense has limitations as an analytical tool and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP, including total operating expense. 
 
 We use per system metrics, including Adjusted Operating Expense per weighted average system, as an additional way to evaluate our performance. Specifically, we consider the change in this metric from period to period as a way to evaluate our performance in the context of changes we experience in the overall customer base. While the Adjusted Operating Expense figure provides a valuable indicator of our overall performance, evaluating this metric on a per system basis allows for further nuanced understanding by management, investors and analysts of the financial impact of each additional system. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per system data) Reconciliation of Total Operating Expense, Net to Adjusted Operating Expense: Total operating expense, net 639,194 296,642 196,598 Depreciation expense (108,167) (85,600) (66,066) Amortization expense (29,224) (21,771) (32) Non-cash compensation expense (24,218) (17,236) (10,873) ARO accretion expense (3,701) (2,897) (2,186) Financing deal costs (930) (1,411) (4,454) Natural disaster losses and related charges, net (1,164) (31) Acquisition costs (7,801) (6,709) Amortization of payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements (4,327) (2,968) (1,820) Legal settlements 1,001 Provision for current expected credit losses (40,160) (23,679) (7,969) Non-cash inventory impairments (5,375) (982) (1,934) Direct sales costs (6,262) (733) Cost of revenue related to cash sales (38,766) (14,525) Cost of revenue related to inventory sales (178,310) Unrealized gain on fair value instruments 26,189 22,504 Indemnification payments to tax equity investors (2,737) Adjusted Operating Expense 215,242 140,635 101,233 Adjusted Operating Expense per weighted average system 940 920 1,115 
 
 Estimated Gross Contracted Customer Value . We calculate estimated gross contracted customer value as defined below. We believe estimated gross contracted customer value can serve as a useful tool for investors and analysts in comparing the remaining value of our customer contracts to that of our peers. 
 
 Estimated gross contracted customer value as of a specific measurement date represents the sum of the present value of the remaining estimated future net cash flows we expect to receive from existing customers during the initial contract term of our leases and PPAs, which are typically 25 years in length, plus the present value of future net cash flows we expect to receive from the sale of related SRECs, either under existing contracts or in future sales, plus the cash flows we expect to receive from energy services programs such as grid services, plus the carrying value of outstanding customer loans on our balance sheet. From these aggregate estimated initial cash flows, we subtract the present value of estimated net cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests and estimated operating, maintenance and administrative expenses associated with the solar service agreements. These estimated future cash flows reflect the projected monthly customer payments over the life of our solar service agreements and depend on various factors including but not limited to solar service agreement type, contracted rates, expected sun hours and the projected production capacity of the solar equipment installed. For the purpose of calculating this metric, we discount all future cash flows at 6 . 
 
 The anticipated operating, maintenance and administrative expenses included in the calculation of estimated gross contracted customer value include, among other things, expenses related to accounting, reporting, audit, insurance, maintenance and repairs. In the aggregate, we estimate these expenses are 20 per kilowatt per year initially, with 2 annual increases for inflation, and an additional 81 per year non-escalating expense included for energy storage systems. We do not include maintenance and repair costs for inverters and similar equipment as those are largely covered by the applicable product and dealer warranties for the life of the product, but we do include additional cost for energy storage systems, which are only covered by a 10-year warranty. Expected distributions to tax equity investors vary among the different tax equity funds and are based on individual tax equity fund contract provisions. 
 
 Estimated gross contracted customer value is forecasted as of a specific date. It is forward-looking and we use judgment in developing the assumptions used to calculate it. Factors that could impact estimated gross contracted customer value include, but are not limited to, customer payment defaults, or declines in utility rates or early termination of a contract in certain 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 circumstances, including prior to installation. The following table presents the calculation of estimated gross contracted customer value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, calculated using a 6 discount rate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Estimated gross contracted customer value 5,875 3,853 
 
 Sensitivity Analysis . The calculation of estimated gross contracted customer value and associated operational metrics requires us to make a number of assumptions regarding future revenues and costs which may not prove accurate. Accordingly, we present below a sensitivity analysis with a range of assumptions. We consider a discount rate of 6 to be appropriate based on recent transactions that demonstrate a portfolio of solar service agreements is an asset class that can be securitized successfully on a long-term basis with a weighted-average coupon of less than 6 . We also present these metrics with a discount rate of 6 based on industry practice. The appropriate discount rate for these estimates may change in the future due to the level of inflation, rising interest rates, our cost of capital and consumer demand for solar energy systems. In addition, the table below provides a range of estimated gross contracted customer value amounts if different cumulative customer loss rate assumptions were used. We are presenting this information for illustrative purposes only and as a comparison to information published by our peers. 
 
 Estimated Gross Contracted Customer Value As of December 31, 2022 Discount rate Cumulative customer loss rate 4 5 6 7 8 (in millions) 5 6,200 5,925 5,685 5,473 5,286 0 6,451 6,144 5,875 5,639 5,432 

Significant Factors and Trends Affecting Our Business 
 
 Our results of operations and our ability to grow our business over time could be impacted by a number of factors and trends that affect our industry generally, as well as new offerings of services and products we may acquire or seek to acquire in the future. Additionally, our business is concentrated in certain markets, putting us at risk of region-specific disruptions such as adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions. See " Item 1A. Risk Factors " for further discussion of risks affecting our business. 
 
 Financing Availability. Our future growth depends, in significant part, on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors on competitive terms to help finance the origination of our solar energy systems under our solar service agreements. We have historically used debt, such as convertible senior notes, asset-backed and loan-backed securitizations and warehouse facilities, tax equity, preferred equity and other financing strategies to help fund our operations. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have raised more than 11.8 billion in total capital commitments from equity, debt and tax equity investors. With respect to tax equity, there are a limited number of potential tax equity investors, and the competition for this investment capital is intense. The principal tax credit on which tax equity investors in our industry rely is the Section 48(a) ITC. The amount for the Section 48(a) ITC was equal to 30 of the basis of eligible solar property that began construction before 2020 if placed in service before 2022. The Section 48(a) ITC percentage decreased to 26 for eligible solar property that began construction during 2020 or 2021 if the property is placed into service before 2022. Under the IRA, which was enacted in August 2022, for eligible solar property that begins construction before 2025, the Section 48(a) ITC percentage will be no less than 30 provided (a) the project satisfies certain labor and apprenticeship requirements, (b) the project has a maximum net output of less than one megawatt (as measured in alternating current) or (c) the project begins construction prior to January 29, 2023. If no criterion is satisfied, the base amount of the Section 48(a) ITC will be equal to 6 . In addition, the Section 48(a) ITC will be replaced by the Section 48E ITC for eligible solar property that begins construction after 2024, and the Section 48E ITC percentage will be the same as the percentage for the Section 48(a) ITC and subject to the same requirements in order to receive the full benefit. The Section 48E ITC percentage will begin to phase down for projects that begin construction after (a) 2033 or (b) if later, the first year after the year in which the U.S. Department of Treasury determines greenhouse gas emissions from the production of electricity in the United States are no more than 25 of 2022 levels. We believe our solar energy systems generally will not be subject to the labor and apprenticeship requirements due to the maximum net output of most of our solar energy systems. In addition, the IRA added a new provision that allows taxpayers to transfer certain federal income tax credits that arise after 2022, such as the Section 48(a) ITC, to third parties for cash. It is unclear what effect the ability to 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 transfer Section 48(a) ITCs will have on tax equity structures, although we expect the market for tax equity structures to continue for investors who will continue to value benefits that are not transferable, such as accelerated depreciation. We are continuing to evaluate the overall impact and applicability of the IRA to our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. 
 
 Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors is also affected by general economic conditions, the state of the capital markets, inflation levels and concerns about our industry or business. Specifically, interest rates remain subject to volatility that may result from action taken by the Federal Reserve. Recent data have suggested inflationary pressures may be more durable than anticipated, which could result in interest rate increases and/or further tapering of quantitative easing policies enacted towards the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic sooner than previously expected. 
 
 Cost of Solar Energy Systems and Energy Storage Systems. Upward pressure on prices of solar energy systems and energy storage systems may occur due to growth in the solar industry, regulatory policy changes, tariffs and duties, inflationary cost pressures and an increase in demand. As a result of these developments, we may pay higher prices on solar modules, which may make it less economical for us to serve certain markets. For much of 2022, attachment rates for energy storage systems have trended higher while the price to acquire has remained steady and increased slightly for some suppliers due to several market variables, including COVID-19, raw material shortages and freight prices, but this still remains a potential area of growth for us. 
 
 Energy Storage Systems. Our energy storage systems increase our customers' independence from the centralized utility and provide on-site backup power when there is a grid outage due to storms, wildfires, other natural disasters and general power failures caused by supply or transmission issues. In addition, at times it can be more economic to consume less energy from the grid or, alternatively, to export solar energy back to the grid. Recent technological advancements for energy storage systems allow the energy storage system to adapt to pricing and utility rate shifts by controlling the inflows and outflows of power, allowing customers to increase the value of their solar energy system plus energy storage system. The energy storage system charges during the day, making the energy it stores available to the home or business when needed. It also features software that can customize power usage for the individual customer, providing backup power, optimizing solar energy consumption versus grid consumption or preventing export to the grid as appropriate. The software is tailored based on utility regulation, economic indicators and grid conditions. The combination of energy control, increased energy resilience and independence from the grid is strong incentive for customers to adopt solar and energy storage. As energy storage systems and their related software features become more advanced, we expect to see increased adoption of energy storage systems. 
 
 Climate Change Action. As a result of increasing global awareness of and aversion to climate change impacts, we believe the renewable energy market in which we operate, and investment in climate solutions more broadly, will continue to grow as the impact of climate change increases. This trend, along with increasing commitments to reduce carbon emissions, is expected to result in increased demand for our products and services. Under the current presidential administration, the focus on cleaner energy sources and technology to decarbonize the U.S. economy continues to accelerate. The federal government's administration under President Joe Biden ("Biden administration") has taken immediate steps that we believe signify support for cleaner energy sources, including, but not limited to, rejoining the Paris Climate Accord, re-establishing a social price on carbon used in cost/benefit analysis for policy making and announcing a commitment to transition the U.S. economy to a net-zero carbon economy by 2050. We expect the Biden administration, combined with a closely divided Congress, to continue to take actions that are supportive of the renewable energy industry, such as incentivizing clean energy sources and supporting new investment in areas like renewables. 
 
 Government Regulations, Policies and Incentives. Our growth strategy depends in significant part on government policies and incentives that promote and support solar energy and enhance the economic viability of distributed solar. These policies and incentives come in various forms, including net metering, eligibility for accelerated depreciation such as the modified accelerated cost recovery system, SRECs, tax abatements, rebates, renewable targets, incentive programs and tax credits, particularly the Section 48(a) ITC and the Section 25D Credit. The recently enacted IRA expanded and extended the tax credits available to solar energy projects in an effort to achieve the Biden administration's non-binding target of net-zero emissions by 2050, which we expect will increase demand for our services. The IRA allows qualifying homeowners to deduct up to 30 of the cost of installing residential solar energy systems from their U.S. federal income taxes, thereby returning a significant portion of the purchase price of the residential solar energy system to homeowners that may participate in our solar loan programs. Under the terms of the current extension, the residential tax credit will remain at 30 through the end of 2032, reduce to 26 for 2033, reduce to 22 for 2034, and further reduce to 0 after the end of 2034 for residential solar energy systems, unless it is extended before that time. The IRA also extended the investment tax credit for solar energy projects through at least 2033 and, depending on the location of a particular project, its size, its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements and the category of consumers it serves, the investment tax credit percentage can range between 6 and 70 . Policies requiring solar on new roofs, such as those enacted in California and New York City, also support the growth of distributed solar. The sale of SRECs has constituted a significant portion of our revenue historically. A change in the 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 value of net metering credits or SRECs or changes in other policies or a loss or reduction in such incentives could decrease the attractiveness of distributed solar to us, our dealers and our customers in applicable markets, which could reduce our customer acquisition opportunities. Such a loss or reduction could also reduce our willingness to pursue certain customer acquisitions due to decreased revenue or income under our solar service agreements. Additionally, such a loss or reduction may also impact the terms of and availability of third-party financing. If any of these government regulations, policies or incentives are adversely amended, delayed, eliminated, reduced, retroactively changed or not extended beyond their current expiration dates or there is a negative impact from the recent federal law changes or proposals, our operating results and the demand for, and the economics of, distributed solar energy may decline, which could harm our business. 

Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue. We recognize revenue from contracts with customers as we satisfy our performance obligations at a transaction price reflecting an amount of consideration based upon an estimated rate of return, net of cash incentives. We express this rate of return as the solar rate per kWh in the customer contract. The amount of revenue we recognize does not equal customer cash payments because we satisfy performance obligations ahead of cash receipt or evenly as we provide continuous access on a stand-ready basis to the solar energy system. We reflect the differences between revenue recognition and cash payments received in accounts receivable, other assets or deferred revenue, as appropriate. 
 
 PPAs . We have determined solar service agreements under which customers purchase electricity from us should be accounted for as revenue from contracts with customers. We recognize revenue based upon the amount of electricity delivered as determined by remote monitoring equipment at solar rates specified under the contracts. The PPAs generally have a term of 20 or 25 years with an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional 10 years, via two five-year or one 10-year renewal options. 
 
 Lease Agreements . We are the lessor under lease agreements for solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which we account for as revenue from contracts with customers. We recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the contract term as we satisfy our obligation to provide continuous access to the solar energy system. The lease agreements generally have a term of 20 or 25 years with an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional 10 years, via two five-year or one 10-year renewal options. 
 
 We provide customers under our lease agreements a performance guarantee that each solar energy system will achieve a certain specified minimum solar energy production output. The specified minimum solar energy production output may not be achieved due to natural fluctuations in the weather or equipment failures from exposure and wear and tear outside of our control, among other factors. We determine the amount of guaranteed output based on a number of different factors, including (a) the specific site information related to the tilt of the panels, azimuth (a horizontal angle measured clockwise in degrees from a reference direction) of the panels, size of the solar energy system and shading on site; (b) the calculated amount of available irradiance (amount of energy for a given flat surface facing a specific direction) based on historical average weather data and (c) the calculated amount of energy output of the solar energy system. 
 
 If the solar energy system does not produce the guaranteed production amount, we are required to provide a bill credit or refund a portion of the previously remitted customer payments, where the bill credit or repayment is calculated as the product of (a) the shortfall production amount and (b) the dollar amount (guaranteed rate) per kWh that is fixed throughout the term of the contract. These bill credits or remittances of a customer's payments, if needed, are payable in January following the end of the first three years of the solar energy system's placed in service date and then every annual period thereafter. See Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Inventory Sales . Inventory sales revenue represents revenue from the direct sale of inventory to our dealers or other parties. We recognize the related revenue under ASC 606 upon shipment. 
 
 SRECs . Each SREC represents the environmental benefit of one megawatt hour (1,000 kWh) generated by a solar energy system. We sell SRECs to utilities and other third parties who use the SRECs to meet renewable portfolio standards and can do so separate from the actual electricity generated by the renewable-based generation source. We account for SRECs generated from solar energy systems owned by us, as opposed to those owned by our customers, as governmental incentives with no costs incurred to obtain them and do not consider those SRECs output of the underlying solar energy systems. We classify SRECs as inventory held until sold and delivered to third parties. We enter into economic hedges with major financial institutions related to expected production of SRECs through forward contracts to partially mitigate the risk of decreases in SREC market rates. While these fixed price forward contracts serve as an economic hedge against spot price fluctuations for the SRECs, the contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and are not designated as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges. The contracts 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 require us to physically deliver the SRECs upon settlement. We recognize the related revenue upon the transfer of the SRECs to the counterparty. The costs related to the sales of SRECs are generally limited to fees for brokered transactions. Accordingly, the sale of SRECs in a period generally has a favorable impact on our operating results for that period. In certain circumstances we are required to purchase SRECs on the open market to fulfill minimum delivery requirements under our forward contracts. 
 
 Cash Sales. Cash sales revenue represents revenue from a customer's purchase of a solar energy system from us typically when purchasing a new home. We recognize the related revenue upon verification of the home closing. 
 
 Loan Agreements . We recognize payments received from customers under loan agreements (a) as interest income, to the extent attributable to earned interest on the contract that financed the customer's purchase of the solar energy system; (b) as a reduction of a note receivable on the balance sheet, to the extent attributable to a return of principal (whether scheduled or prepaid) on the contract that financed the customer's purchase of the solar energy system; and (c) as revenue, to the extent attributable to payments for operations and maintenance services provided by us. Similar to our lease agreements, we provide customers under our loan agreements a performance guarantee that each solar energy system will achieve a certain specified minimum solar energy production output, which is a significant proportion of its expected output. 
 
 Other Revenue. Other revenue includes certain state and utility incentives, revenue from the direct sale of solar energy systems and energy storage systems to customers with financing provided by us and sales of service plans and repair services. We recognize revenue from state and utility incentives in the periods in which they are earned. We recognize revenue from the direct sale of energy storage systems in the period in which the storage components are placed in service. Service plans are available to customers whose solar energy system was not originally sold by Sunnova. We recognize revenue from service plan contracts on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract, which is typically 10 years. We recognize revenue from repair services in the period in which the service was performed. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Depreciation. Cost of revenue depreciation represents depreciation on solar energy systems under lease agreements and PPAs that have been placed in service. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Inventory Sales. Cost of revenue inventory sales represents costs related to the procurement and direct sale of inventory to our dealers or other parties, including shipping and handling costs. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Other. Cost of revenue other represents costs related to cash sales, costs to purchase SRECs on the open market, SREC broker fees and other items deemed to be a cost of providing the service of selling power to customers or potential customers, such as certain costs to service loan agreements, costs for filing under the Uniform Commercial Code to maintain title, title searches, credit checks on potential customers at the time of initial contract and other similar costs, typically directly related to the volume of customers and potential customers. 
 
 Operations and Maintenance Expense. Operations and maintenance expense represents costs from third parties for maintaining and servicing the solar energy systems, property insurance, property taxes and warranties. When services for maintaining and servicing solar energy systems are provided by Sunnova personnel rather than third parties, those amounts are included in payroll costs classified within general and administrative expense. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred 21.2 million, 14.3 million and 7.4 million, respectively, of Sunnova personnel costs related to maintaining and servicing solar energy systems, which are classified in general and administrative expense. In addition, operations and maintenance expense includes write downs and write-offs related to inventory adjustments, gains and losses on disposals and other impairments and impairments and costs due to natural disaster losses net of insurance proceeds recovered under our business interruption and property damage insurance coverage for natural disasters. 
 
 General and Administrative Expense. General and administrative expense represents costs for our employees, such as salaries, bonuses, benefits and all other employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation, professional fees related to legal, accounting, human resources, finance and training, information technology and software services, marketing and communications, IPO costs, acquisition costs, travel and rent and other office-related expenses. General and administrative expense also includes depreciation on assets not classified as solar energy systems, including information technology software and development projects, vehicles, furniture, fixtures, computer equipment and leasehold improvements and accretion expense on AROs. We capitalize a portion of general and administrative costs, such as payroll-related costs, that is related to employees who are directly involved in the design, construction, installation and testing of the solar energy systems but not directly associated with a particular asset. We also capitalize a portion of general and administrative costs, such as payroll-related costs, that is related to employees who are directly associated with and devote time to internal information technology software and development projects, to the extent of the time spent directly on the application and development stage of such software project. 
 
 Other Operating Income. Other operating income primarily represents changes in the fair values of certain financial 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 instruments related to our investments in solar receivables and contingent consideration related to the installation and microgrid earnouts. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net represents interest on our borrowings under our various debt facilities, amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs and realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments. 
 
 Interest Income. Interest income represents interest income from the notes receivable under our loan program and income on short term investments with financial institutions. 
 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Long-Term Debt, Net. Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net resulted from a make-whole payment related to the early repayment of one of our solar asset-backed notes. 
 
 Other (Income) Expense. Other (income) expense primarily represents changes in the fair value of certain financial instruments related to non-operating assets. 
 
 Income Tax Expense. We account for income taxes under Accounting Standards Codification 740, Income Taxes . As such, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences resulting from the different treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. Additionally, we must assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered as deductions from future taxable income. We have a full valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets because we believe it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will not be realized. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. The income tax expense includes the effects of taxes incurred in U.S. territories where the tax code for the respective territory may have separate tax reporting requirements, as applicable. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests. Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests represents tax equity interests in the net income or loss of certain consolidated subsidiaries based on hypothetical liquidation at book value. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Revenue 557,690 241,752 315,938 Operating expense: Cost of revenue depreciation 96,280 76,474 19,806 Cost of revenue inventory sales 178,310 178,310 Cost of revenue other 52,487 21,834 30,653 Operations and maintenance 36,679 19,583 17,096 General and administrative 302,004 204,236 97,768 Other operating income (26,566) (25,485) (1,081) Total operating expense, net 639,194 296,642 342,552 Operating loss (81,504) (54,890) (26,614) Interest expense, net 107,775 116,248 (8,473) Interest income (59,799) (34,228) (25,571) Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net 9,824 (9,824) Other (income) expense (3,090) 516 (3,606) Loss before income tax (126,390) (147,250) 20,860 Income tax expense 3,886 260 3,626 Net loss (130,276) (147,510) 17,234 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 31,366 (9,382) 40,748 Net loss attributable to stockholders (161,642) (138,128) (23,514) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) PPA revenue 104,563 86,087 18,476 Lease revenue 100,070 71,784 28,286 Inventory sales revenue 195,979 195,979 SREC revenue 48,698 41,537 7,161 Cash sales revenue 72,425 27,176 45,249 Loan revenue 18,601 7,768 10,833 Other revenue 17,354 7,400 9,954 Total 557,690 241,752 315,938 
 
 Revenue increased by 315.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of inventory sales, an increased number of solar energy systems in service and the April 2021 acquisition of SunStreet. The weighted average number of systems (excluding systems with loan agreements, service-only 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 agreements and cash sales) increased from approximately 99,100 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately 128,300 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Excluding SREC revenue, revenue under our loan agreements, inventory sales revenue, cash sales revenue and service revenue, on a weighted average number of systems basis, revenue remained relatively flat at 1,635 per system for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1,632 per system for the same period in 2022. Inventory sales revenue increased by 196.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the sale of inventory to our dealers or other parties, which began in April 2022. SREC revenue increased by 7.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of an increase in SREC prices in New Jersey. The amount of SREC revenue recognized in each period is also affected by the total number of solar energy systems, weather seasonality and hedge and spot prices associated with the timing of the sale of SRECs. On a weighted average number of systems basis, revenues under our loan agreements increased from 286 per system for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 329 per system for the same period in 2022 (15 increase) primarily due to higher average system cost in 2022 than in 2021. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Depreciation 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Cost of revenue depreciation 96,280 76,474 19,806 
 
 Cost of revenue depreciation increased by 19.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the weighted average number of systems (excluding systems with loan agreements, service-only agreements and cash sales) from approximately 99,100 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately 128,300 for the year ended December 31, 2022. On a weighted average number of systems basis, cost of revenue depreciation remained relatively flat at 772 per system for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 750 per system for the same period in 2022 (3 decrease). 
 
 Cost of Revenue Inventory Sales 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Cost of revenue inventory sales 178,310 178,310 
 
 Cost of revenue inventory sales increased by 178.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was due to costs from the sale of inventory to our dealers or other parties, which began in April 2022. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Other 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Cost of revenue other 52,487 21,834 30,653 
 
 Cost of revenue other increased by 30.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to costs related to cash sales revenue of 24.2 million, which began with the April 2021 acquisition of SunStreet and has steadily increased due to higher activity. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Operations and Maintenance Expense 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Operations and maintenance 36,679 19,583 17,096 
 
 Operations and maintenance expense increased by 17.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher truck roll costs, impairments and losses on disposals, warranty expense, property tax and property insurance costs. Operations and maintenance expense per weighted average system, excluding net natural disaster losses and non-cash inventory impairments, increased from 148 per system for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 178 per system for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to higher truck roll costs, property tax and warranty expense, partially offset by lower property insurance costs and net losses on disposals. 
 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) General and administrative 302,004 204,236 97,768 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 97.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases of (a) 37.8 million of payroll and employee related expenses primarily due to the hiring of personnel to support growth, equity-based compensation expense and the additional personnel from SunStreet, (b) 16.5 million of provision for current expected credit losses primarily due to the growth in loan customers, (c) 8.8 million of consultants, contractors and professional fees, (d) 7.5 million of amortization expense primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets acquired in the SunStreet acquisition, (e) 5.1 million of information technology expense and (f) 4.7 million of fees. 
 
 Other Operating Income 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Other operating income (26,566) (25,485) (1,081) 
 
 Other operating income increased by 1.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to changes in the fair value of certain financial instruments and contingent consideration. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Interest expense, net 107,775 116,248 (8,473) 
 
 Interest expense, net decreased by 8.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to increases in realized gains on derivatives of 53.5 million and unrealized gains on derivatives of 14.6 million. This was partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 61.4 million primarily due to the issuance of additional debt in 2022. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Interest income 59,799 34,228 25,571 
 
 Interest income increased by 25.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the weighted average number of systems with loan agreements from approximately 27,200 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately 56,500 for the year ended December 31, 2022. On a weighted average number of systems basis, loan interest income decreased from 1,239 per system for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 999 per system for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to a decrease in the average annual interest rate for customer loans due to market conditions. 
 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Long-Term Debt, Net 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net decreased by 9.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a make-whole payment related to the early repayment of one of our solar asset-backed notes in June 2021. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense increased by 3.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in taxes incurred in jurisdictions with separate tax-reporting requirements. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests changed by 40.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests from tax equity funds added in 2020 and 2021, partially offset by net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests from tax equity funds added in 2022. 

Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 See " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 " in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total cash of 545.6 million, of which 360.3 million was unrestricted, and 174.3 million of available borrowing capacity under our various financing arrangements. We seek to maintain diversified and cost-effective funding sources to finance and maintain our operations, fund capital expenditures, including customer acquisitions, and satisfy obligations arising from our indebtedness, which may include reducing debt prior to scheduled maturities through debt repurchases, either in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, through debt redemptions or tender offers, or through repayments of bank borrowings. For a discussion of cash requirements from contractual and other obligations, see Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Historically, our primary sources of liquidity have included non-recourse and recourse debt, investor asset-backed and loan-backed securitizations and cash generated from operations. Our business model requires substantial outside financing arrangements to grow the business and facilitate the deployment of additional solar energy systems. We will seek to raise additional required capital, including from new and existing tax equity investors, additional borrowings, securitizations and other potential debt and equity financing sources. We believe our cash and financing arrangements, as further described below, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under our financing arrangements. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Arrangements 
 
 The following is a description of our various financing arrangements. For a complete description of the facilities in place as of December 31, 2022 see Note 9, Long-Term Debt, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Tax Equity Fund Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had undrawn committed capital of approximately 210.5 million under our tax equity funds, which may only be used to purchase and install solar energy systems. We intend to establish new tax equity funds in the future depending on their attractiveness, including the availability and size of Section 48(a) ITCs and Section 48E ITCs, and on investor demand for such funding. The terms of the tax equity funds' operating agreements contain allocations of taxable income (loss) and Section 48(a) ITCs that vary over time and adjust between the members after either the tax equity investor receives its contractual rate of return or after a specified date. The following table summarizes our tax equity commitments as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Date Class A Member Admitted Class A Member Capital Commitment (in thousands) March 2017 97,500 December 2017 45,000 December 2017 57,000 January 2019 50,000 August 2019 75,000 December 2019 50,000 February 2020 75,000 May 2020 155,000 July 2020 10,000 September 2020 75,000 November 2020 100,000 April 2021 50,000 April 2021 25,000 May 2021 150,000 July 2021 150,000 October 2021 11,634 December 2021 50,000 February 2022 150,000 May 2022 17,452 September 2022 75,000 October 2022 30,000 November 2022 41,000 December 2022 59,000 December 2022 30,000 December 2022 150,000 
 
 For additional information regarding our tax equity fund commitments, see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Warehouse and Other Debt Financings 
 
 We from time to time enter into warehouse credit facilities as a source of funding. Under the warehouse credit facilities, revolving or term financing is provided to special purpose entities, which are typically our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 secured, directly or indirectly, by qualifying solar energy systems (including, if applicable, energy storage systems) and related solar service agreements and/or qualifying solar loans and related solar assets used to finance the purchase and/or installation of qualifying solar energy systems. The cash flows generated by these solar service agreements and/or solar loans, as applicable, are used to cover required debt service payments under the related credit facility and satisfy the expenses and reserve requirements of the special purpose entities. The warehouse credit facilities allow for the pooling and transfer of eligible solar energy systems and related solar service agreements and/or solar loans and related solar assets, as applicable, on a non-recourse basis to the subsidiary or us, subject to certain limited exceptions. In connection with these warehouse credit facilities, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar loans, solar energy systems and/or energy storage systems, as applicable, pursuant to management and servicing agreements. The special purpose entities are also typically required to maintain reserve accounts, including, among other reserve accounts that may be required, a liquidity reserve account and a reserve account for equipment replacements, each of which are funded from initial deposits or cash flows to the levels specified therein. 
 
 The warehouse credit facility structures include certain features designed to protect lenders. One of the common primary features relates to certain events, such as the insufficiency of cash flows in the collateral pool of assets to meet contractual requirements, the occurrence of which triggers an early repayment of the loans and limits the relevant borrower's ability to obtain additional advances or distribute funds to us. We refer to this as an "amortization event", which may be based on, among other things, a debt service coverage ratio falling or remaining below certain levels, default levels of solar loans, solar energy systems and/or energy storage systems, as applicable, exceeding certain thresholds or excess spread falling below certain levels over a multiple month period. In the event of an amortization event, the availability period under a revolving warehouse credit facility may terminate and the borrower may be required to repay the affected outstanding borrowings using available collections received from the asset pool. However, the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received. An amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize our other available contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. The debt agreements of our warehouse credit facilities also typically contain customary events of default for solar warehouse financings that entitle the lenders to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the related debt agreement and foreclosure on the borrower's assets. 
 
 In April 2017, one of our subsidiaries, EZOP, entered into a secured revolving credit facility with Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. The EZOP revolving credit facility was amended and restated in March 2019 and further amended in September 2019, December 2019, January 2020, March 2020, September 2020, March 2021, June 2022, July 2022, August 2022 and September 2022. Under the amended EZOP revolving credit facility, EZOP may borrow up to an initial aggregate committed amount of 450.0 million, with an uncommitted maximum facility amount of 575.0 million, subject to a borrowing base calculated based on a specified advance rate applied to the net outstanding principal balance of the solar loans securing the EZOP revolving credit facility. The proceeds of the loans under the EZOP revolving credit facility are available for funding the purchase of solar loans, making deposits in EZOP's reserve accounts and paying fees in connection with the EZOP revolving credit facility. The EZOP revolving credit facility bears interest at an annual rate based on Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility). The EZOP revolving credit facility has a maturity date occurring in November 2024. Sunnova Energy Corporation guarantees the performance obligations of certain affiliates under agreements entered into in connection with the EZOP revolving credit facility, as well as certain indemnity and refund obligations. In June 2020, we used proceeds from the HELIV Notes (as defined below) to repay 149.3 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In October 2020, we used proceeds from the AP8 revolving credit facility to repay 28.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In February 2021, we used proceeds from the HELV Notes (as defined below) to repay 107.3 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In July 2021, we used proceeds from the HELVI Notes (as defined below) to repay 144.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In June 2022, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) extend the scheduled commitment termination date to May 2024, (b) extend the facility maturity date to November 2024, (c) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 200.0 million to 400.0 million, subject to reductions based on the outstanding principal balance of advances over certain time periods, (d) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from 350.0 million to 475.0 million, (e) modify the interest rate on borrowings from accruing based on LIBOR to accruing based on Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility), plus a Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) spread adjustment, (f) add an amortization event related to certain of our subsidiaries ceasing to originate solar loans (subject to certain thresholds, time periods and exceptions set forth therein), (g) add concentration limits for solar loans (1) with obligors with credit scores below certain thresholds and (2) for which the original principal balance exceeds a certain threshold and (h) modify eligibility requirements for solar loans to increase the permitted maximum original principal balance. In July 2022, we further amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from 475.0 million to 535.0 million until the earlier to occur of (a) September 29, 2022 and (b) the date upon which a specific sale of borrowing base assets and a related prepayment of outstanding debt thereunder occurs, upon the occurrence of which the uncommitted maximum facility amount will return to 475.0 million. In August 2022, we further amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 commitment amount from 400.0 million to 450.0 million, (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from 535.0 million to 585.0 million, (c) amend certain provisions addressing the allocation of advances and principal payments among the lenders, (d) amend certain provisions addressing lender consent rights and related matters and (e) include certain provisions addressing service incentives and related matters. In August 2022, we used proceeds from the HELIX Notes (as defined below) to repay 151.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In September 2022, we further amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) decrease the uncommitted maximum facility amount from 585.0 million to 575.0 million and (b) amend certain provisions related to the agent's allocation of certain payments made to the lenders. In November 2022, we used proceeds from the HELX Notes to repay 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, we had no available borrowing capacity under the EZOP revolving credit facility. 
 
 In September 2019, one of our subsidiaries, TEPH, entered into a secured revolving credit facility with Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. The TEPH revolving credit facility was amended in December 2019 and further amended in January 2020, February 2020, March 2020, May 2020, June 2020, October 2020, November 2020, January 2021, September 2021, October 2021, April 2022, September 2022 and October 2022. Under the amended TEPH revolving credit facility, TEPH may borrow up to an initial aggregate committed amount of 600.0 million with an uncommitted maximum facility amount of 689.7 million based on the aggregate value of solar energy systems owned by TEPH's subsidiaries, which are primarily tax equity funds, subject to certain concentration limitations. The proceeds from the TEPH revolving credit facility are available for funding certain reserve accounts required by the TEPH revolving credit facility, making distributions to us and paying fees incurred in connection with closing the TEPH revolving credit facility. The TEPH revolving credit facility bears interest at an annual rate based on Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility). The TEPH revolving credit facility has a maturity date occurring in November 2024. Sunnova Energy Corporation guarantees the performance obligations of certain affiliates under agreements entered into in connection with the TEPH revolving credit facility, as well as certain indemnity and repurchase obligations. In November 2020, we used proceeds from the SOLII Notes (as defined below) to repay 211.5 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In June 2021, we used proceeds from the SOLIII Notes (as defined below) to repay 105.1 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In June 2022, we used proceeds from the SOLIV Notes (as defined below) to repay 271.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In September 2022, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 460.7 million to 564.7 million, (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from 600.0 million to 639.7 million, (c) extend the facility maturity date to November 2024, (d) amend certain excess concentration limitations, (e) replace LIBOR with Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) as the interest rate benchmark and include benchmark replacement provisions and (f) include certain provisions addressing grid services revenue and related matters. In October 2022, we further amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 564.7 million to 600.0 million and (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from 639.7 million to 689.7 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 174.3 million of available borrowing capacity under the TEPH revolving credit facility. 
 
 In September 2020, one of our subsidiaries, AP8, entered into a secured revolving credit facility with Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. The AP8 revolving credit facility was amended in October 2021 and further amended in November 2022. Under the amended AP8 revolving credit facility, AP8 may borrow up to an initial aggregate committed amount of 75.0 million, subject to a borrowing base calculated based on the sum of a specified advance rate applied to the net outstanding principal balance of the solar loans securing the AP8 revolving credit facility and the aggregate value of the solar energy systems owned by AP8's subsidiaries, which are primarily tax equity funds, subject to certain concentration limitations. The proceeds of the loans under the AP8 revolving credit facility are available for funding the purchase of solar loans, making deposits in AP8's reserve account and paying fees in connection with the AP8 revolving credit facility. The AP8 revolving credit facility bears interest at an annual rate based on Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility). The AP8 revolving credit facility has a maturity date occurring in September 2024. Sunnova Energy Corporation guarantees the performance obligations of certain affiliates under agreements entered into in connection with the AP8 revolving credit facility. In February 2021, we used proceeds from the HELV Notes (as defined below) to repay 29.5 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In July 2021, we used proceeds from the HELVI Notes (as defined below) to repay 24.9 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding. In November 2022, we amended the AP8 revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 60.0 million to 75.0 million, (b) extend the facility maturity date from September 2023 to September 2024, (c) add provisions to permit AP8 to acquire and own managing members of financing funds and related covenants regarding the ownership of such managing members of financing funds, (d) add the ability to borrow against solar assets, including amending the definition of "Borrowing Base" and related provisions and covenants to account for solar assets, (e) amend the eligibility criteria, concentration limits and amortization events for solar loans and the addition of solar assets, (f) replace LIBOR with Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) as the interest rate benchmark and include benchmark replacement provisions, (g) amend the interest rate on borrowings to an annual rate of Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) plus 0.03, with interest payments being due quarterly and (h) include certain 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 provisions addressing grid services revenue, service incentives, service incentives rebates and related matters. As of December 31, 2022, we had no available borrowing capacity under the AP8 revolving credit facility. 
 
 Securitizations 
 
 We from time to time securitize solar service agreements and related assets as a source of funding. We access the Rule 144A asset-backed securitization market using wholly-owned special purpose entities to securitize pools of assets, which historically have been solar energy systems and the related lease agreements and PPAs and ancillary rights and agreements both directly or indirectly through interests in the managing member of our tax equity funds. We also securitize our loan agreements and ancillary rights and agreements. 
 
 In November 2018, one of our subsidiaries issued 202.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2018-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 60.7 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2018-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "HELII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2048. The HELII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 4.87 and 7.71 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In March 2019, one of our subsidiaries entered into a note purchase agreement pursuant to which certain institutional investors committed to purchase up to 358.0 million principal amount of notes ("RAYSI Notes") in one or more asset-backed private placement securitizations. In March 2019, our subsidiary, the RAYSI Notes issuer, issued an aggregate 133.1 million principal amount of RAYSI Notes pursuant to this note purchase agreement. In June 2019, the RAYSI Notes issuer issued an aggregate 6.4 million in principal amount of RAYSI Notes pursuant to a supplemental note purchase agreement. 
 
 In June 2019, one of our subsidiaries issued 139.7 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-A Class A solar loan-backed notes, 14.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-A Class B solar loan-backed notes and 13.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-A Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELIII Notes") with a maturity date of June 2046. The HELIII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 3.75 , 4.49 and 5.32 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. 
 
 In February 2020, one of our subsidiaries issued 337.1 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 75.4 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLI Notes") with a maturity date of January 2055. The SOLI Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 3.35 and 5.54 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In June 2020, one of our subsidiaries issued 135.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-A Class A solar loan-backed notes and 22.6 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-A Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELIV Notes") with a maturity date of June 2047. The HELIV Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 2.98 and 7.25 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In November 2020, one our subsidiaries issued 209.1 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-2 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 45.6 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-2 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLII Notes") with a maturity date of November 2055. The SOLII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 2.73 and 5.47 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In February 2021, one of our subsidiaries issued 150.1 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-A Class A solar loan-backed notes and 38.6 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-A Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELV Notes") with a maturity date of February 2048. The HELV Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 1.80 and 3.15 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In June 2021, one of our subsidiaries issued 319.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-1 solar asset-backed notes (the "SOLIII Notes") with a maturity date of April 2056. The SOLIII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 2.58 . 
 
 In July 2021, one of our subsidiaries issued 106.2 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-B Class A solar loan-backed notes and 106.2 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-B Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively the "HELVI Notes") with a maturity date of July 2048. The HELVI Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 1.62 and 2.01 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In October 2021, one of our subsidiaries issued 68.4 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-C Class A solar loan-backed notes, 55.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-C Class B solar loan-backed notes and 31.5 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-C Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELVII Notes") with a maturity date of October 2048. The HELVII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 2.03 , 2.33 and 2.63 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. 
 
 In February 2022, one of our subsidiaries entered into a Note Purchase Agreement related to the sale of 131.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-A Class A solar loan-backed notes, 102.2 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-A Class B solar loan-backed notes and 63.8 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-A Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELVIII Notes") with a maturity date of February 2049. The HELVIII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 2.79 , 3.13 and 3.53 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. 
 
 In June 2022, one of our subsidiaries issued 317.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 38.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLIV Notes") with a maturity date of April 2057. The SOLIV Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 4.95 and 6.35 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In August 2022, one of our subsidiaries issued 178.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-B Class A solar loan-backed notes and 49.7 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-B Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELIX Notes") with a maturity date of August 2049. The HELIX Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.00 and 6.00 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In November 2022, one of our subsidiaries issued 103.4 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class A solar loan-backed notes, 80.6 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class B solar loan-backed notes and 51.7 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class C solar loan-backed notes with a maturity date of November 2049. The Class C notes have been retained by one of our subsidiaries since their issuance. The HELX Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.30 , 5.60 and 6.00 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. 
 
 The securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. The primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of assets to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers an early repayment of the notes. We refer to this as "early amortization", which may be based on, among other things, a debt service coverage ratio falling or remaining below certain levels. As of December 31, 2022, we have not had any early amortizations under any of our securitizations. In the event of an early amortization, the notes issuer would be required to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received from the asset pool. However, the period of ultimate repayment would be determined based on the amount and timing of collections received and, in limited circumstances, early amortization may be cured prior to full repayment. An early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. The indentures of our securitizations also typically contain customary events of default for solar securitizations that may entitle the noteholders to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the related indenture and foreclosure on the issuer's assets. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 In May 2021, we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of 575.0 million of our 0.25 convertible senior notes ("0.25 convertible senior notes") in a private placement at a discount to the initial purchasers of 2.5 , for an aggregate purchase price of 560.6 million. The 0.25 convertible senior notes mature in December 2026 unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. In connection with the pricing of the 0.25 convertible senior notes, we used proceeds of 91.7 million to enter into privately negotiated capped call transactions, which are expected to reduce the potential dilution to common shares and/or offset potential cash payments that could be required to be made in excess of the principal amount upon any exchange of notes. Such reduction and/or offset is subject to a cap initially equal to 60.00 per share, subject to adjustments. 
 
 In August 2021, we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of 400.0 million of our 5.875 senior notes ("5.875 senior notes") in a private placement at a discount to the initial purchasers of 1.24 , for an aggregate purchase price of 395.0 million. The 5.875 senior notes mature in September 2026. 
 
 In August 2022, we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of 600.0 million of our 2.625 convertible senior notes ("2.625 convertible senior notes") in a private placement at a discount to the initial purchasers of 2.5 , for an aggregate purchase price of 585.0 million. The 2.625 convertible senior notes mature in February 2028 unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. In connection with the pricing of the 2.625 convertible senior notes, we used proceeds of 48.4 million to enter into privately negotiated capped call transactions, which are expected to reduce the potential dilution to 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 common shares and/or offset potential cash payments that could be required to be made in excess of the principal amount upon any exchange of notes. Such reduction and/or offset is subject to a cap initially equal to 34.24 per share, subject to adjustments. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments Due by Period (1) Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Beyond 2027 (in thousands) Debt obligations (including future interest) (2) 6,521,490 444,599 1,681,358 1,753,308 2,642,225 AROs (3) 214,332 214,332 Operating lease payments (4) 20,840 2,663 6,152 6,540 5,485 Finance lease payments 1,858 856 918 84 Guaranteed performance obligations 4,845 2,645 1,783 417 Other obligations (5) 42,378 36,625 5,753 Total 6,805,743 487,388 1,695,964 1,760,349 2,862,042 
 
 (1) Does not include amounts related to the contingent obligation to purchase all of a tax equity investor's units upon exercise of their withdrawal rights. The withdrawal price for the tax equity investors' interest in the respective fund is equal to the lesser of: (a) a fixed price and (b) the fair market value of such interest. Due to uncertainties associated with estimating the timing and amount of the withdrawal price, we cannot determine the potential future payments that we could have to make under these withdrawal rights. For additional information regarding the withdrawal rights see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Interest payments related to long-term debt and interest rate swaps and caps are calculated and estimated for the periods presented based on the amount of debt outstanding and the interest rates as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) AROs represents our estimated future retirement obligations on an undiscounted basis. 
 (4) Amounts are net of reimbursements of approximately 621,000 for leasehold improvements expected in 2023 through 2024. 
 (5) Other obligations relate to information technology services and licenses and distributions payable to redeemable noncontrolling interests. 

Historical Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (333,426) (209,230) (124,196) Net cash used in investing activities (1,981,602) (1,241,216) (740,386) Net cash provided by financing activities 2,468,705 1,464,450 1,004,255 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 153,677 14,004 139,673 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities increased by 124.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily a result of increases in purchases of inventory and prepaid inventory of 45.4 million and payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements of 21.2 million. This increase is also due to a decrease in net inflows of 12.8 million in 2022 compared to net inflows of 17.4 million in 2021 based on: (a) our net loss of 130.3 million in 2022 excluding non-cash operating items of 143.1 million, primarily from depreciation, impairments and losses on disposals, amortization of intangible assets, amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts, 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 unrealized net gains on derivatives, unrealized net gains on fair value instruments and equity securities and equity-based compensation charges, which results in net inflows of 12.8 million and (b) our net loss of 147.5 million in 2021 excluding non-cash operating items of 164.9 million, primarily from depreciation, impairments and losses on disposals, amortization of intangible assets, amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts, unrealized net gains on derivatives, unrealized net gains on fair value instruments, losses on extinguishment of long-term debt and equity-based compensation charges, which results in net inflows of 17.4 million. These net differences between the two periods resulted in a net change in operating cash flows of 4.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased by 740.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily a result of increases in payments for investments and customer notes receivable of 507.3 million and purchases of property and equipment, primarily solar energy systems, of 313.7 million. This increase is partially offset by increases in proceeds from customer notes receivable of 42.9 million and proceeds from investments in solar receivables of 9.2 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 1.0 billion in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily a result of an increase in net borrowings under our debt facilities of 891.1 million, net contributions from our redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests of 85.4 million and a decrease in the purchase of capped call transactions of 43.2 million. This increase is partially offset by a decrease in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 13.7 million. 

Historical Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 See " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Historical Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 " in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022 pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Seasonality 
 
 See " Business Seasonality" . 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, cash flows and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. In many instances, we could have reasonably used different accounting estimates, and in other instances, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period-to-period. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Our future consolidated financial statements will be affected to the extent our actual results materially differ from these estimates. 
 
 We identify our most critical accounting policies as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations, and that require the most difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments by management regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. We believe the assumptions and estimates associated with our principles of consolidation, the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisitions, the estimated useful life of our solar energy systems, the valuation of the removal assumptions, including costs, associated with AROs, the valuation of redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests and our allowance for current expected credit losses have the greatest subjectivity and impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates and discuss these items in detail below. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of our accounting policies. 
 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements reflect our accounts and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest is holding a majority of the voting interests of an 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 entity. However, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as variable interest entities ("VIEs"), through arrangements that do not involve holding a majority of the voting interests. We consolidate any VIE of which we are the primary beneficiary, which is defined as the party that has (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We evaluate our relationships with our VIEs on an ongoing basis to determine whether we continue to be the primary beneficiary. We have eliminated all intercompany transactions in consolidation. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price of an acquisition is measured at the estimated fair value of the assets acquired, equity instruments issued and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Any noncontrolling interests acquired are also initially measured at fair value. Costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred to general and administrative expense. We recognize goodwill if the aggregate fair value of the total purchase consideration and the noncontrolling interests is in excess of the aggregate fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Asset acquisitions are measured based on the cost to us, including transaction costs. Asset acquisition costs, or the consideration transferred by us, are assumed to be equal to the fair value of the net assets acquired. If the consideration transferred is cash, measurement is based on the amount of cash we paid to the seller, as well as transaction costs incurred. Consideration given in the form of non-monetary assets, liabilities incurred or equity instruments issued is measured based on either the cost to us or the fair value of the assets or net assets acquired, whichever is more clearly evident. The cost of an asset acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. Goodwill is not recognized in an asset acquisition. 
 
 The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. Significant estimates include, but are not limited to, discount rates, forecasted cash flows, forecasted customer growth and earnout consideration. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. 
 
 Useful Life of Solar Energy Systems 
 
 Our solar energy systems have an estimated useful life of 35 years. We considered both (a) available information related to the technology currently being employed in the solar energy systems and (b) the terms of the solar leases that have a 25 year term with two five-year renewal options to conclude a 35 year useful life is appropriate. In addition, we reviewed numerous published and online sources from academia, government institutions and private industry and held discussions with certain manufacturers of our solar energy systems to support our estimated useful life of 35 years for the crystalline silicone solar modules we use. We define the useful life of a solar module as the duration for which a solar module operates at or above 80 of its initial power output, which we understand to be the generally accepted standard used by government, academia and the solar industry. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of solar energy systems are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the solar energy systems and are recorded in cost of revenue depreciation. Depreciation begins when a solar energy system is placed in service. Costs associated with improvements to a solar energy system, which extend the life, increase the capacity or improve the efficiency of the solar energy systems, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining life of the asset. 
 
 ARO 
 
 We have AROs arising from contractual or regulatory requirements to perform certain asset retirement activities at the time the solar energy systems are disposed. We recognize an ARO at the point an obligating event takes place, typically when the solar energy system is placed in service. An asset is considered retired when it is permanently taken out of service, such as through a sale or disposal. 
 
 The liability is initially measured at fair value based on the present value of estimated removal costs and subsequently adjusted for changes in the underlying assumptions and for accretion expense. We estimate approximately half of our solar energy systems will require removal at our expense in the future. The corresponding asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the solar energy system and depreciated over the solar energy system's remaining useful life. We may revise our estimated future liabilities based on recent actual experiences, changes in certain customer-specific estimates and other cost estimate changes. If there are changes in estimated future costs, those changes will be recorded as either a 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 reduction or addition in the carrying amount of the remaining unamortized asset and the ARO and either decrease or increase depreciation and accretion expense amounts prospectively. Inherent in the calculation of the fair value of our AROs are numerous assumptions and judgments, including the ultimate settlement amounts, inflation factors, credit adjusted discount rates, timing of settlement and changes in the legal, regulatory, environmental and political environments. Due to the intrinsic uncertainties present when estimating asset retirement costs, as well as asset retirement dates, our ARO estimates are subject to ongoing volatility. 
 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Noncontrolling interests represent third-party interests in the net assets of certain consolidated subsidiaries (the "tax equity entities"). For these tax equity entities, we have determined the appropriate methodology for calculating the noncontrolling interest balances that reflects the substantive economic arrangements in the operating agreements is a balance sheet approach using the hypothetical liquidation at book value ("HLBV") method. Under the HLBV method, the amounts reported as noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheets represent the amounts third-party investors would hypothetically receive at each balance sheet date under the liquidation provisions of the operating agreements, assuming the net assets of the subsidiaries were liquidated at amounts determined in accordance with GAAP and distributed to the investors. The noncontrolling interest balances in these subsidiaries are reported as a component of equity in the consolidated balance sheets. The amount of income or loss allocated to noncontrolling interests in the results of operations for the subsidiaries using HLBV are determined as the difference in the noncontrolling interest balances in the consolidated balance sheets at the start and end of each reporting period, after taking into account any capital transactions between the subsidiaries and the third-party investors. Factors used in the HLBV calculation include GAAP income (loss), taxable income (loss), capital contributions, investment tax credits, distributions and the stipulated targeted investor return specified in the subsidiaries' operating agreements. Changes in these factors could have a significant impact on the amounts that investors would receive upon a hypothetical liquidation. The use of the HLBV method to allocate income (loss) to the noncontrolling interest holders may create volatility in the consolidated statements of operations as the application of HLBV can drive changes in net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests from period to period. We classify certain noncontrolling interests with redemption features that are not solely within our control outside of permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Redeemable noncontrolling interests are reported using the greater of the carrying value at each reporting date as determined by the HLBV method or the estimated redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Estimating the redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests requires the use of significant assumptions and estimates, such as projected future cash flows. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Losses 
 
 Our allowance for current expected credit losses is deducted from the customer notes receivable amortized cost to present the net amount expected to be collected. It is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics (such as financial asset type, customer credit rating, contractual term and vintage) exist. In determining the allowance for credit losses, we identify customers with potential disputes or collection issues and consider our historical level of credit losses and current economic trends that might impact the level of future credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics, such as differences in underwriting standards. Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of the loan agreements based on the best available data at the time, and are adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless either of the following applies: (a) we have a reasonable expectation at the reporting date that a troubled debt restructuring will be executed with an individual customer or (b) the extension or renewal options are included in the original or modified contract at the reporting date and are not unconditionally cancelable by us. We review the allowance quarterly for any significant macroeconomic trends affecting the market but not yet impacting us. Assessments performed throughout the year include normal macroeconomic trends (e.g. delinquency and default and loss rates from leading credit bureaus by industry) as well as trends specifically related to the COVID-19 pandemic (e.g. forbearance and credit quality). While making adjustments to loss rates is ultimately a subjective determination, we have created an internal and external data-driven evaluation process to ensure any adjustments or updates to the model are informed and fact-based prior to executing such a change. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are exposed to various market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk is the potential loss that may result from market changes associated with our business or with an existing or forecasted financial or commodity transaction. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Our primary exposure includes changes in interest rates because certain borrowings bear interest at floating rates based on SOFR or a similar index plus a specified margin. We sometimes manage our interest rate exposure on floating-rate debt by entering into derivative instruments to hedge all or a portion of our interest rate exposure on certain debt facilities. We do not enter into any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and operating expenses and reducing funds available to capital investments, operations and other purposes. A hypothetical 10 increase in our interest rates on our variable-rate debt facilities would have increased our interest expense by 3.7 million and 1.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 94 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
 100 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 102 
 Schedule I Parent Company Condensed Financial Statements 
 147 

93 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sunnova Energy International Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sunnova Energy International Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Initial Accounting Assessment of New Tax Equity Partnerships ("TEPs") 
 
 As described in Notes 1, 2, and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company admitted tax equity investors of TEP6B, TEP6C, TEP6D, TEP6E, TEP7A, TEP7B, TEP7C and TEP7D through a TEP structure in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 165.7 million of redeemable noncontrolling interest and 448.6 million of noncontrolling interest, a portion of which relates to these TEPs. The Company forms TEPs with its investors in the ordinary course of business to facilitate the funding and monetization of certain attributes associated with the Company's solar energy systems. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest is holding a majority of the voting interests of an entity. However, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as variable interest entities ("VIEs"), through arrangements that do not involve holding a majority of the voting interests. The Company consolidates a VIE when it is the primary beneficiary, which is defined as the party that has (a) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. As disclosed by management, assets, liabilities and operating results of these partnerships are consolidated in the financial statements. The tax equity investors' share of the net assets of these tax equity funds are recognized as redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, management has determined that the appropriate methodology for calculating the noncontrolling interest balances that reflects the substantive economic arrangements in the operating agreements is a balance sheet approach using the hypothetical liquidation at book value ("HLBV") method. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the initial accounting assessment of new TEP arrangements is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in the assessment of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the TEP, thus requiring consolidation of the entity, as well as the application of the HLBV methodology based on the terms of the operating agreements in the initial year, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the initial accounting assessment of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the new TEP and the application of the HLBV methodology based on the substantive economic arrangements of the TEP operating agreements. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's assessment of the initial accounting for the new TEPs. These procedures also included, among others, using professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to (i) evaluate the appropriateness of management's application of the HLBV methodology based on the substantive economic arrangements of the TEP operating agreements and (ii) evaluate management's assessment of whether the Company qualifies as the primary beneficiary of the TEP, and therefore consolidates the TEP. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014, which includes periods before the Company became subject to SEC reporting requirements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts and share par values) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable trade, net Accounts receivable other Other current assets, net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Total current assets Property and equipment, net Customer notes receivable, net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets (1) Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities (1) Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Stockholders' equity: Common stock, and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at par value 
 Additional paid-in capital common stock Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity 
 
 (1) and , respectively, of assets of variable interest entities ("VIEs") that can only be used to settle obligations of the VIEs. These assets include cash of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; accounts receivable trade, net of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; accounts receivable other of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; other current assets of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; property and equipment, net of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and other assets of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The consolidated liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 include and , respectively, of liabilities of VIEs whose creditors have no recourse to Sunnova Energy International Inc. These liabilities include accounts payable of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; accrued expenses of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; other current liabilities of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and other long-term liabilities of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Operating expense: Cost of revenue depreciation Cost of revenue inventory sales Cost of revenue other Operations and maintenance General and administrative Other operating income ) ) ) Total operating expense, net Operating loss ) ) ) Interest expense, net Interest income ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net Other (income) expense ) ) Loss before income tax ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Impairment and loss on disposals, net Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of debt discount Non-cash effect of equity-based compensation plans Unrealized gain on derivatives ) ) ) Unrealized gain on fair value instruments and equity securities ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net Other non-cash items ) Changes in components of operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Other current assets ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses ) Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Payments for investments and customer notes receivable ) ) ) Proceeds from customer notes receivable Payments for investments in solar receivables ) Proceeds from investments in solar receivables Other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments on notes payable ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Payments of debt discounts ) ) Purchase of capped call transactions ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net ) Proceeds from equity component of debt instrument, net Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Payments of costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Restricted cash included in other current assets ) ) ) Restricted cash included in other assets ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to purchases of property and equipment ) Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to payments for investments and customer notes receivable ) Note payable for financing the purchase of inventory Non-cash conversion of convertible senior notes for common stock Non-cash issuance of common stock for investments in solar receivables Non-cash issuance of common stock for business acquisition Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital - Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative-effect adjustment ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Equity component of debt instrument, net ) ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) December 31, 2020 ) Cumulative-effect adjustment Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Equity component of debt instrument, net ) ) ) Capped call transactions ) ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital - Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount December 31, 2021 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Capped call transactions ) ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 
 
 customers in more than United States ("U.S.") states and territories. Sunnova Energy Corporation was incorporated in Delaware on October 22, 2012 and formed Sunnova Energy International Inc. ("SEI") as a Delaware corporation on April 1, 2019. We completed our initial public offering on July 29, 2019 (our "IPO"); and in connection with our IPO, all of Sunnova Energy Corporation's ownership interests were contributed to SEI. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this report to "Sunnova," the "Company," "we," "our," "us," or like terms, refer to SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 We have a differentiated dealer model in which we partner with local dealers who originate, design and install our customers' solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related products and services on our behalf. Our focus on our dealer model enables us to leverage our dealers' specialized knowledge, connections and experience in local markets to drive customer origination while providing our dealers with access to high quality products at competitive prices, as well as technical oversight and expertise. We believe this structure provides operational flexibility, reduces exposure to labor shortages and lowers fixed costs relative to our peers, furthering our competitive advantage. 
 
 We provide our services through long-term agreements with a diversified pool of credit quality customers. Our solar service agreements typically are structured as either a legal-form lease (a "lease") of a solar energy system and/or energy storage system to the customer, the sale of the solar energy system's output to the customer under a power purchase agreement ("PPA") or the purchase of a solar energy system and/or energy storage system either with financing provided by us (a "loan") or paid in full by the customer (a "sale"); however, we also offer service plans and repair services for systems we did not originate. We make it possible in some states for a customer to obtain a new roof and other ancillary products as part of their solar loan. We also allow customers originated through our homebuilder channel the option of purchasing the system when the customer closes on the purchase of a new home. The initial term of our solar service agreements is typically between and years, during which time we provide or arrange for ongoing services to customers, including monitoring, maintenance and warranty services. Our lease and PPA agreements typically include an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional years, via or renewal options. Customer payments and rates can be fixed for the duration of the solar service agreement or escalated at a pre-determined percentage annually. We also receive tax benefits and other incentives from leases and PPAs, a portion of which we finance through tax equity, non-recourse debt structures and hedging arrangements in order to fund our upfront costs, overhead and growth investments. Our future success depends in part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors and commercial sources. We have an established track record of attracting capital from diverse sources. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have raised more than billion in total capital commitments from equity, debt and tax equity investors. 

102 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(2) 

million and million, respectively, in excess of the FDIC's current insured limit of 250,000. We have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 

Tax equity reserves Other Total (1) 
 
 (1) Of this amount, million and million is recorded in other current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We are exposed to credit risk to the extent restricted cash balances exceed amounts covered by the FDIC. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had restricted cash deposits of million and million, respectively, in excess of the FDIC's current insured limit of 250,000. We have not experienced any losses on our deposits of restricted cash. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Provision for current expected credit losses Write off of uncollectible accounts ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of period 

Energy storage systems and components Homebuilder construction in progress Meters and modems Other Total 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Concentration of Services and Equipment from Dealers 
 
 We utilize a network of approximately dealers as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, three dealers accounted for approximately , and , respectively, of our total expenditures to dealers. During the year ended December 31, 2021, two dealers accounted for approximately and , respectively, of our total expenditures to dealers. During the year ended December 31, 2020, two dealers accounted for approximately and , respectively, of our total expenditures to dealers. No other dealer accounted for more than 10 of our expenditures to dealers during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Concentration of Revenue from Dealers 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, one dealer accounted for approximately of our total revenue. No other dealer accounted for more than 10 of our revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 years. See Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Derivative assets Total Financial liabilities: Contingent consideration Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in thousands) Financial assets: Investments in solar receivables Derivative assets Total Financial liabilities: Contingent consideration Derivative liabilities Total 

Additions Settlements ) ) Gain recognized in earnings Balance at end of period 

106 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Additions Settlements ) Gain recognized in earnings ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 The following table summarizes the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of our liabilities using Level 3 inputs: 
 
 Unobservable Input Weighted Average Liabilities: Contingent consideration - installation earnout Volatility Revenue risk premium Risk-free discount rate Contingent consideration - microgrid earnout Probability of success Risk-free discount rate 
 
 Significant increases or decreases in the volatility, revenue risk premium, probability of success or risk-free discount rate in isolation could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. 

107 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Lease revenue Inventory sales revenue Solar renewable energy certificate revenue Cash sales revenue Loan revenue Other revenue Total 
 
 billion as of December 31, 2022, of which we expect to recognize approximately over the next months. , given the average age of the fleet of solar energy systems under contract is less than . 
 
 Certain customers may receive cash incentives. We defer recognition of the payment of these cash incentives and recognize them over the life of the contract as a reduction to revenue. The deferred payment is recorded in other assets for customers who receive the cash incentives under our lease and PPA agreements, and as a contra-liability in other long-term liabilities for customers who receive the cash incentives under our loan agreements. 
 
 PPAs. Customers purchase electricity from us under PPAs. Pursuant to ASC 606, we recognize revenue based upon the amount of electricity delivered as determined by remote monitoring equipment at solar rates specified under the PPAs. All customers must pass our credit evaluation process. The PPAs generally have a term of or years with an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional years, via or renewal options. 
 
 Leases . We are the lessor under lease agreements for solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which do not meet the definition of a lease under ASC 842 and are accounted for as contracts with customers under ASC 606. We recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the contract term as we satisfy our obligation to provide continuous access to the solar energy system. All customers must pass our credit evaluation process. The lease agreements generally have a term of or years with an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional years, via or renewal options. 
 
 In most cases, we provide customers under our lease agreements a performance guarantee that each solar energy system will achieve a certain specified minimum solar energy production output, which is a significant proportion of its expected output. The specified minimum solar energy production output may not be achieved due to natural fluctuations in the weather or equipment failures from exposure and wear and tear outside of our control, among other factors. We determine the amount of the guaranteed output based on a number of different factors, including: (a) the specific site information related to the tilt of the panels, azimuth (a horizontal angle measured clockwise in degrees from a reference direction) of the panels, size of the system, and shading on site; (b) the calculated amount of available irradiance (amount of energy for a given flat surface facing a specific direction) based on historical average weather data and (c) the calculated amount of energy output of the solar energy system. While actual irradiance levels can significantly change year over year due to natural fluctuations in the weather, we expect the 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 kWh) generated by a solar energy system. SRECs can be sold separate from the actual electricity generated by the renewable-based generation source. We account for the SRECs we generate from our solar energy systems as governmental incentives with no costs incurred to obtain them and do not consider those SRECs output of the underlying solar energy systems. We classify these SRECs as inventory held until sold and delivered to third parties. As we did not incur costs to obtain these governmental incentives, the inventory carrying value for the SRECs was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We enter into economic hedges related to expected production of SRECs through forward contracts. While these fixed price forward contracts serve as an economic hedge against spot price fluctuations for the SRECs, the contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and are not designated as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges. The contracts require us to physically deliver the SRECs upon settlement. We recognize the related revenue under ASC 606 upon satisfaction of the performance obligation to transfer the SRECs to the stated counterparty. Payments are typically received within of transferring the SREC to the counterparty. The costs related to the sales of SRECs are generally limited to broker fees (recorded in cost of revenue other), which are only paid in connection with certain transactions. In certain circumstances we are required to purchase SRECs on the open market to fulfill minimum delivery requirements under our forward contracts. 
 
 Cash Sales. Cash sales revenue represents revenue from a customer's purchase of a solar energy system from us typically when purchasing a new home. We recognize the related revenue under ASC 606 upon verification of the home closing. 
 
 Loans. See discussion of loan revenue in the " Loans " section below. 
 
 Other Revenue. Other revenue includes certain state and utility incentives, revenue from the direct sale of solar energy systems and energy storage systems to customers with financing provided by us and sales of service plans and repair services. We recognize revenue from state and utility incentives in the periods in which they are earned. We recognize revenue from the direct sale of energy storage systems in the period in which the storage components are placed in service. Service plans are available to customers whose solar energy system was not originally sold by Sunnova. We recognize revenue from service plan contracts on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract, which is typically years. We recognize revenue from repair services in the period in which the service was performed. 
 
 Loans 
 
 We offer a loan program, under which the customer finances the purchase of a solar energy system or energy storage system through a solar service agreement, typically for a term of , or years. We recognize cash payments received from customers on a monthly basis under our loan program (a) as interest income, to the extent attributable to earned interest on the contract that financed the customer's purchase of the solar energy system or energy storage system; (b) as a reduction of a note receivable on the balance sheet, to the extent attributable to a return of principal (whether scheduled or prepaid) on the contract that financed the customer's purchase of the solar energy system or energy storage system; and (c) as revenue, to the extent attributable to payments for operations and maintenance services provided by us. To qualify for the loan program, a customer must pass our credit evaluation process, which requires the customer to have a minimum FICO score of to depending on certain circumstances, and we secure the loans with the solar energy systems or energy storage systems financed. The credit evaluation process is performed once for each customer at the time the customer is entering into the solar service agreement with us. 
 
 Our investments in solar energy systems and energy storage systems related to the loan program that are not yet placed in service are recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets and are transferred to customer notes receivable upon 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 days or more past due unless the balance is in the process of collection. Customer notes receivable are considered past due one day after the due date based on the contractual terms of the loan agreement. In all cases, customer notes receivable balances are placed on a nonaccrual status or written off at an earlier date when they are deemed uncollectible. Expected recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously written off and expected to be written off. Accrued interest receivable for customer notes receivable placed on a nonaccrual status is recorded as a reduction to interest income. Interest received on such customer notes receivable is accounted for on a cash basis until the customer notes receivable qualifies for the return to accrual status. Customer notes receivable are returned to accrual status when there is no longer any principal or interest amounts past due and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is deducted from the customer notes receivable amortized cost to present the net amount expected to be collected. It is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics (such as financial asset type, customer credit rating, contractual term and vintage) exist. In determining the allowance for credit losses, we identify customers with potential disputes or collection issues and consider our historical level of credit losses and current economic trends that might impact the level of future credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics, such as differences in underwriting standards. Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of the loan agreements based on the best available data at the time and adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless either of the following applies: (a) we have a reasonable expectation at the reporting date that a troubled debt restructuring will be executed with an individual customer or (b) the extension or renewal options are included in the original or modified contract at the reporting date and are not unconditionally cancelable by us. See Note 7, Customer Notes Receivable. 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 
 Deferred revenue was million as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 PPAs and leases Solar receivables Total (1) 
 
 (1) Of this amount, million and million is recorded in other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, from amounts recorded in deferred revenue at the beginning of the respective years. 
 
 and years. The amounts are generally measured and credited to the customer's account as early as the first anniversary of the solar energy system's placed in service date and then every annual period thereafter. We monitor the solar energy systems to ensure these outputs are achieved. We evaluate if any amounts are due to our customers based upon not meeting the guaranteed solar energy production outputs at each reporting period end. For leases, 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

111 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Customer relationships - servicing Customer relationships - new customers Trade name Tax equity commitment Software license Trademark Other Intangible assets, gross Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 

112 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Capitalized Amortized ) ) Balance at end of period 

to years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a warranty reserve of million and , respectively, is recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

. We recognized advertising expense of million, million and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 million, million and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are recorded in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

113 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

114 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

115 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (3) 
 
 Construction in progress Asset retirement obligations Information technology systems Computers and equipment - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Furniture and fixtures Vehicles - 
 Other - 
 Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 The amounts included in the above table for solar energy systems and energy storage systems and substantially all the construction in progress relate to our customer contracts (including PPAs and leases). These assets had accumulated depreciation of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(4) 
 
 related to third-parties helping our customers, primarily restarting batteries and (b) related to employees performing similar type work or other work related to the 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other natural disaster-related charges General and administrative expense: Other natural disaster-related charges Total 

(5) 
 
 Current portion of customer notes receivable Restricted cash Other prepaid assets Deferred receivables Current portion of investments in solar receivables Prepaid inventory Other Total 
 
 Restricted cash Exclusivity and other bonus arrangements with dealers, net Investments in solar receivables Straight-line revenue adjustment, net Other Total 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Deferred revenue Current portion of operating and finance lease liability Current portion of performance guarantee obligations Other Total 

(6) 
 
 years, which is the estimated average time a solar energy system will be installed in a location before being removed, and the related liabilities are accreted to the full value over the same period of time. We revise our estimated future liabilities based on recent actual experiences, including third party cost estimates, average size of solar energy systems and inflation rates, which we evaluate at least annually. Changes in our estimated future liabilities are recorded as either a reduction or addition in the carrying amount of the remaining unamortized asset and the ARO and either decrease or increase our depreciation and accretion expense amounts prospectively. 
 
 Additional obligations incurred Accretion expense Other ) ) Balance at end of period 

(7) 
 
 , or years. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Customer notes receivable, net (1) Estimated fair value, net 
 
 (1) Of this amount, million and million is recorded in other current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Provision for current expected credit losses (1) Recoveries Balance at end of period 
 
 (1) In addition, we recognized and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of provision for current expected credit losses related to our long-term receivables for our customer leases. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we invested million and million, respectively, in loan solar energy systems and energy storage systems not yet placed in service. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income related to our customer notes receivable was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest receivable related to our customer notes receivable was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and , respectively, of customer notes receivable not accruing interest and there was and , respectively, of allowance recorded for loans on nonaccrual status. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income of was recognized for loans on nonaccrual status and accrued interest receivable of and , respectively, was written off by reversing interest income. 
 
 We consider the performance of our customer notes receivable portfolio and its impact on our allowance for credit losses. We also evaluate the credit quality based on the aging status and payment activity. 
 
 91-180 days past due Greater than 180 days past due Total past due Not past due Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortized cost of our customer notes receivable more than 90 days past due but not on nonaccrual status was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Nonperforming (1) Total 
 
 (1) A nonperforming loan is a loan in which the customer is in default and has not made any scheduled principal or interest payments for 181 days or more. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (8) 
 
 pools of solar energy systems and assume the related PPA and lease obligations from EAH Lessor. In exchange for the right to receive future customer cash flows as well as certain credits, rebates and incentives (including SRECs) under those pooled agreements, we made an upfront payment to Lennar consisting of million in initial cash consideration and shares of our common stock for net consideration of million. Pursuant to the terms of the EAH Master Lease, additional pools of solar energy systems may also be leased from EAH Lessor in the future in exchange for upfront lease payments. We will evaluate additional systems on a quarterly basis and, if eligible, are required to tranche the systems under the EAH Master Lease until March 2025. 
 
 We established criteria for eligibility that ensures each solar energy system is operational, in service, in good standing and no liens or encumbrances exist. We continue to provide all operations, maintenance and asset management services to EAH Lessor related to the leased solar energy systems. EAH Lessor's residual interest in the solar energy systems comes from any customer renewal exercised after the twentieth anniversary of the contract term of the solar service agreement, the remainder of the useful life of the solar energy system after the termination of the solar service agreement and any tax incentives (including Section 48(a) ITCs) associated with the ownership of the solar energy system. 
 
 As the EAH Master Lease does not constitute or contain a lease under the criteria specified by ASC 842, the purchase of EAH Lessor's future revenue has been accounted for as an acquisition of financial assets and we have elected the fair value option under ASC 825. For the purposes of establishing the fair value of our investments in solar receivables, our analysis considers cash flows beginning in September 2021 (the effective date of the transaction). We estimated the fair value of our investments in solar receivables to be million on the transaction date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded million and million, respectively, of investments in solar receivables, of which million and million, respectively, is recorded in other current assets and million and million, respectively, is recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a gain on our investments in solar receivables of million and million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

(9) 

convertible senior notes 
 convertible senior notes 
 Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Sunnova Energy Corporation senior notes 
 Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) EZOP Revolving credit facility Debt discount, net ) ) HELII Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) RAYSI Solar asset-backed notes 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELIII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) TEPH Revolving credit facility Debt discount, net ) ) SOLI Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELIV Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) AP8 Revolving credit facility SOLII Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELV Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) SOLIII Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELVI Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELVII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELVIII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) SOLIV Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) HELIX Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) HELX Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Total 
 
 Availability. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of available borrowing capacity under the TEPH revolving credit facility. There was no available borrowing capacity under any of our other financing arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under our financing arrangements. 
 
 Weighted Average Effective Interest Rates. The weighted average effective interest rates disclosed in the table above are the weighted average stated interest rates for each debt instrument plus the effect on interest expense for other items classified as interest expense, such as the amortization of deferred financing costs, amortization of debt discounts and commitment fees on unused balances for the period of time the debt was outstanding during the indicated periods. 
 
 SEI Debt . In May 2021, we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of million of our convertible senior notes (" convertible senior notes") in a private placement at a discount to the initial purchasers of , for an aggregate purchase price of million. The convertible senior notes mature in December 2026 unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. In connection with the pricing of the convertible senior notes, we used proceeds of million to enter into privately negotiated capped call transactions, which are expected to reduce the potential dilution to common shares and/or offset potential cash payments that could be required to be made in excess of the principal amount upon any exchange of notes. Such reduction and/or offset is subject to a cap initially equal to per share, subject to adjustments. The capped call transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock initially underlying the convertible senior notes. As the capped call transactions meet certain accounting criteria, they are classified as stockholders' equity and therefore, are recorded in additional paid-in capital common stock in the consolidated balance sheet and are not accounted for as derivatives. 
 
 In August 2022, we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of million of our convertible senior notes (" convertible senior notes") in a private placement at a discount to the initial purchasers of , for an aggregate purchase price of million. The convertible senior notes mature in February 2028 unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. In connection with the pricing of the convertible senior notes, we used proceeds of million to enter into privately negotiated capped call transactions, which are expected to reduce the potential dilution to common shares and/or offset potential cash payments that could be required to be made in excess of the principal amount upon any exchange of notes. Such reduction and/or offset is subject to a cap initially equal to per share, subject to adjustments. The capped call transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock initially underlying the convertible senior notes. As the capped call transactions meet certain accounting criteria, they are classified as stockholders' equity and therefore, are recorded in additional paid-in capital common stock in the consolidated balance sheet and are not accounted for as derivatives. 
 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation Debt . In August 2020, Sunnova Energy Corporation entered into an arrangement to finance million in directors and officers insurance premiums at an annual interest rate of over . In October 2020, Sunnova Energy Corporation entered into an arrangement to finance million in property insurance premiums at an annual interest rate of over . In August 2021, Sunnova Energy Corporation issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of million of senior notes (" senior notes") at a discount to the initial purchasers of , for an aggregate purchase price of million. The senior notes mature in September 2026 and are initially guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by SEI and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunnova Energy Corporation. 
 
 EZOP Debt . In April 2017, EZOP, a special purpose entity, entered into a secured revolving credit facility with Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, as agent, and the lenders party thereto, for an aggregate commitment amount of million with a maturity date of April 2019. In August 2017, the aggregate commitment amount was reduced to million and in March 2019, the aggregate commitment amount was increased to million. The EZOP revolving credit facility allows for the pooling and transfer of eligible loans on a non-recourse basis subject to certain limited exceptions. The proceeds of the loans under the EZOP revolving credit facility are available to purchase or otherwise acquire loans (which we originated) directly from Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC ("AP7H") pursuant to a sale and contribution agreement, fund certain reserve accounts that are required to be maintained by EZOP in accordance with the credit agreement and pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the EZOP revolving credit facility. The amount available for borrowings at any one time under the EZOP revolving credit facility is limited to a borrowing base amount determined at each borrowing and calculated based on the aggregate discounted present value of remaining payments owed to EZOP in respect of the loans transferred to EZOP. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 during the commitment availability period and after the commitment availability period. In March 2019, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, adjust the interest rate on borrowings to an annual rate of adjusted London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") plus either or per annum depending on the date of the most recent takeout transaction in respect of assets securing the EZOP revolving credit facility and extend the maturity date from April 2019 to November 2022. In December 2019, we further amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, adjust the interest rate on borrowings to an annual rate of adjusted LIBOR plus either or per annum depending on the date of the most recent takeout transaction in respect of assets securing the EZOP revolving credit facility. In June 2020, proceeds from the HELIV Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of EZOP debt. In October 2020, proceeds from the AP8 revolving credit facility were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of EZOP debt. In February 2021, proceeds from the HELV Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of EZOP debt. In March 2021, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) extend the maturity date to November 2023 and (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million. In July 2021, proceeds from the HELVI Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of EZOP debt. In June 2022, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) extend the scheduled commitment termination date to May 2024, (b) extend the facility maturity date to November 2024, (c) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million, subject to reductions based on the outstanding principal balance of advances over certain time periods, (d) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million, (e) modify the interest rate on borrowings from accruing based on LIBOR to accruing based on Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility), plus a Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) spread adjustment, (f) add an amortization event related to certain of our subsidiaries ceasing to originate solar loans (subject to certain thresholds, time periods and exceptions set forth therein), (g) add concentration limits for solar loans (1) with obligors with credit scores below certain thresholds and (2) for which the original principal balance exceeds a certain threshold and (h) modify eligibility requirements for solar loans to increase the permitted maximum original principal balance. In July 2022, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million until the earlier to occur of (a) September 29, 2022 and (b) the date upon which a specific sale of borrowing base assets and a related prepayment of outstanding debt thereunder occurs, upon the occurrence of which the uncommitted maximum facility amount will return to million. In August 2022, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million, (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million, (c) amend certain provisions addressing the allocation of advances and principal payments among the lenders, (d) amend certain provisions addressing lender consent rights and related matters and (e) include certain provisions addressing service incentives and related matters. In August 2022, proceeds from the HELIX Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding EZOP debt. In September 2022, we further amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) decrease the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million and (b) amend certain provisions related to the agent's allocation of certain payments made to the lenders. In November 2022, proceeds from the HELX Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding EZOP debt. 
 
 The EZOP revolving credit facility requires EZOP to pay a fee based on the daily unused portion of the commitments under the EZOP revolving credit facility. Payments from the loans will be deposited into accounts established pursuant to the EZOP revolving credit facility and applied in accordance with a cash waterfall in the manner specified in the EZOP revolving credit facility. EZOP is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the lenders under the EZOP revolving credit facility, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the credit agreement. In connection with the EZOP revolving credit facility, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar loan agreements and related solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the manager's obligations to manage the solar loan agreements and related solar energy systems pursuant to the management agreement, (b) the servicer's obligations to service the solar loan agreements and related solar energy systems pursuant to the servicing agreement, (c) AP7H's obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans sold to EZOP pursuant to certain sale and contribution agreements and (d) certain indemnification obligations related to its affiliates in connection with the EZOP revolving credit facility, but does not provide a general guarantee of the creditworthiness of the assets of EZOP pledged as the collateral for the EZOP revolving credit facility. Under the limited guarantee, Sunnova Energy Corporation is subject to certain financial covenants regarding tangible net worth, working capital and restrictions on the use of proceeds from the EZOP revolving credit facility. 
 
 HELII Debt . In November 2018, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into HELII, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2018-1 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2018-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "HELII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2048. The HELII Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A and for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate equal to and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar energy systems are used to service the semi-annual principal and interest payments on the HELII Notes and satisfy HELII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Helios Depositor II, LLC, HELII's sole member. In connection with the HELII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the manager's obligations to manage the solar energy systems pursuant to the management agreement, (b) the servicer's obligations to service the solar energy systems pursuant to the servicing agreement and (c) Sunnova ABS Holdings, LLC's obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to HELII pursuant to the sale and contribution agreement. HELII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELII Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELII Notes. The indenture requires HELII to track the DSCR of (a) the amount of certain payments received from customers, certain performance based incentives, certain energy credits and any applicable insurance proceeds as of a specific date to (b) interest and scheduled principal due on the HELII Notes as of such date with the potential to enter into an early amortization period if the DSCR drops below a certain threshold. The holders of the HELII Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELII Notes. 
 
 RAYSI Debt . In March 2019, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into RAYSI, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes with a maturity date of April 2044 and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes with a maturity date of April 2034. The notes were issued with no discount for Class A and at a discount of for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate equal to and , respectively. In June 2019, RAYSI issued million in aggregate principal amount of 2019-2 Class B solar asset-backed notes with a maturity date of April 2034 pursuant to a supplemental note purchase agreement at a discount rate of and bear interest at an annual rate equal to . The notes issued by RAYSI are referred to as the "RAYSI Notes". The cash flows generated by these solar energy systems are used to service the semi-annual principal and interest payments on the RAYSI Notes and satisfy RAYSI's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova RAYS Depositor II, LLC, RAYSI's sole member. In connection with the RAYSI Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management, servicing, facility administration and asset management agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management, servicing, facility administration and asset management agreements, (b) the managing member's obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to RAYSI pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. RAYSI is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the RAYSI Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the RAYSI Notes. The indenture requires RAYSI to track the DSCR of (a) the amount of certain payments received from customers, certain performance based incentives, certain energy credits and any applicable insurance proceeds as of a specific date to (b) interest and scheduled principal due on the RAYSI Notes as of such date with the potential to enter into an early amortization period if the DSCR drops below a certain threshold. The indenture contains cross-default provisions under which a material default by (a) RAYSI or (b) a tax equity fund under the applicable tax equity transaction documents would, upon the expiration of certain time periods, result in an event of default under the RAYSI indenture. The holders of the RAYSI Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the RAYSI Notes. 
 
 HELIII Debt . In June 2019, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELIII, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-A Class A solar loan-backed notes, million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-A Class B solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2019-A Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELIII Notes") with a maturity date of June 2046. The HELIII Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A, for Class B and for Class C and bear interest at an annual rate of , and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the semi-annual principal and interest payments on the HELIII Notes and satisfy HELIII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios III Depositor, LLC, HELIII's sole member. In connection with the HELIII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements, (b) the managing member's obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELIII pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELIII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for inverter replacement and a capitalized interest reserve account for the benefit of the holders of the HELIII Notes, each of which must 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million with a maturity date of November 2022. The TEPH revolving credit facility allows for borrowings based on the aggregate value of solar assets owned by subsidiaries of TEPH subject to certain excess concentration limitations. The proceeds from the TEPH revolving credit facility are available for funding certain reserve accounts required by the TEPH revolving credit facility, making distributions to the parent of TEPH and paying fees incurred in connection with closing the TEPH revolving credit facility. The TEPH revolving credit facility is non-recourse to SEI and is secured by net cash flows from PPAs and leases available to the borrower after distributions to tax equity investors and payment of certain operating, maintenance and other expenses. Sunnova Energy Corporation guarantees the performance of certain affiliates who manage the collateral related to the TEPH revolving credit facility as well as certain indemnity and repurchase obligations. Under the limited guarantee, Sunnova Energy Corporation is subject to certain financial covenants regarding tangible net worth, working capital and restrictions on the use of proceeds from the facility. In addition, TEPH's obligations under the TEPH revolving credit facility are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of TEPH. In December 2019, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) modify the borrowing base eligibility criteria for certain solar assets related to the timing of the expected first payments from such solar assets, (b) modify the calculation of the amount required to be deposited into the liquidity reserve account, (c) delay the application of concentration limits for an additional days, (d) temporarily increase the borrowing base applied to certain solar assets and (e) include additional provisions regarding qualified financial contract rules. 
 
 Borrowings under the TEPH revolving credit facility are made in Class A loans and Class B loans. The TEPH revolving credit facility has an advance rate equal to approximately of the value of the solar projects in the portfolio that have not yet begun construction and of the value of the solar projects that have reached substantial completion. Interest on the borrowings under the TEPH revolving credit facility is due quarterly. Borrowings under the TEPH revolving credit facility initially bore interest at an annual rate of either LIBOR divided by a percentage equal to minus a reserve percentage or a base rate (defined as, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate for such day and (b) the sum of the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the federal reserve system arranged by federal funds brokers as published for such day plus ), plus a margin of between and , which varies based on criteria including (a) whether the availability period has expired, (b) whether a takeout transaction has occurred in the last months and (c) the ratio of Class A loans to Class B loans outstanding at such time. 
 
 In January 2020, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) allow a wholly-owned subsidiary of TEPH to transfer projects and other solar assets to tax equity funds owned by TEPH and (b) upon the full repayment and termination of another revolving credit facility, remove all cross-defaults and cross-collateralization between such other revolving credit facility and the TEPH revolving credit facility. In February 2020, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million and (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million. In March 2020, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million, with all of the increased amount coming from Class A lenders on an uncommitted basis, (b) increase both the Class A and Class B interest rates by and (c) modify the borrowing base calculation to shift a portion of the borrowing base from Class B to Class A lenders. In May 2020, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million and (b) increase the unused line fee on such committed amounts. In June 2020, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million, (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million, (c) modify the advance rates for solar energy systems and (d) modify the interest rates to an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a weighted average margin of . In October 2020, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million and increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million. In November 2020, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) reduce the borrowing base applied to certain solar assets and (b) include a carve-out for certain solar assets in the determination of the projected hedged SREC ratio. In November 2020, proceeds from the SOLII Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of TEPH debt. In January 2021, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) permit certain transactions in SRECs (or proceeds therefrom) and related hedging arrangements and exclude certain of such amounts from the calculation of net cash flow available to service the indebtedness and (b) allow for borrowings with respect to certain ancillary components. In June 2021, proceeds from the SOLIII Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of TEPH debt. In September 2021, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, modify the hedging requirements to be based on borrowing capacity until March 2022, rather than amount currently borrowed. In October 2021, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, update the LIBOR 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding TEPH debt. In September 2022, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million, (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million, (c) extend the facility maturity date to November 2024, (d) amend certain excess concentration limitations, (e) replace LIBOR with Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) as the interest rate benchmark and include benchmark replacement provisions and (f) include certain provisions addressing grid services revenue and related matters. In October 2022, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million and (b) increase the uncommitted maximum facility amount from million to million. 
 
 SOLI Debt . In February 2020, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into wholly-owned subsidiaries of SOLI, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLI Notes") with a maturity date of January 2055. The SOLI Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A and for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate equal to and , respectively. The cash flows generated by the solar energy systems of SOLI's subsidiaries are used to service the quarterly principal and interest payments on the SOLI Notes and satisfy SOLI's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Sol Depositor, LLC, SOLI's sole member. In connection with the SOLI Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to a transaction management agreement and managing and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management, servicing and transaction management agreements, (b) the managing members' obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to SOLI pursuant to the sale and contribution agreement. SOLI is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the SOLI Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the SOLI Notes. The indenture requires SOLI to track the DSCR of (a) the amount of certain payments received from customers, certain performance based incentives, certain energy credits and any applicable insurance proceeds as of a specific date to (b) interest and scheduled principal due on the SOLI Notes as of such date with the potential to enter into an early amortization period if the DSCR drops below a certain threshold. The holders of the SOLI Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the SOLI Notes. 
 
 HELIV Debt . In June 2020, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELIV, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-A Class A solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-A Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELIV Notes") with a maturity date of June 2047. The HELIV Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A and for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate of and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELIV Notes and satisfy HELIV's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios IV Depositor, LLC, HELIV's sole member. In connection with the HELIV Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELIV pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELIV is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELIV Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELIV Notes. The holders of the HELIV Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELIV Notes. 
 
 AP8 Debt . In September 2020, AP8 entered into a secured revolving credit facility with Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, as agent, and the lenders party thereto, for an aggregate committed amount of million with a maturity date of September 2023. The proceeds of the loans under the AP8 revolving credit facility were initially available to purchase or otherwise acquire solar loans, fund a reserve account that is required to be maintained by AP8 in accordance with the credit agreement and pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the AP8 revolving credit facility. The amount available for borrowings at any one time under the AP8 revolving credit facility was initially limited to a borrowing base amount determined at each borrowing and calculated based on a specified advance rate applied to the net outstanding principal balance of the solar loans securing the AP8 revolving credit facility. After giving effect to the amendments described below, interest on the borrowings under the AP8 revolving credit facility is due quarterly. Borrowings under the AP8 revolving credit facility bear interest at an annual rate based on Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility). 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding AP8 debt. In July 2021, proceeds from the HELVI Notes (as defined below) were used to repay million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding AP8 debt. In November 2022, we amended the AP8 revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate commitment amount from million to million, (b) extend the facility maturity date from September 2023 to September 2024, (c) add provisions to permit the borrower to acquire and own managing members of financing funds and related covenants regarding the ownership of such managing members of financing funds, (d) add the ability to borrow against solar assets, including amending the definition of "Borrowing Base" and related provisions and covenants to account for solar assets, (e) amend the eligibility criteria, concentration limits and amortization events for solar loans and the addition of solar assets, (f) replace LIBOR with Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) as the interest rate benchmark and include benchmark replacement provisions, (g) amend the interest rate on borrowings to an annual rate of Term SOFR (as defined by such revolving credit facility) plus , with interest payments being due quarterly and (h) include certain provisions addressing grid services revenue, service incentives, service incentives rebates and related matters. 
 
 SOLII Debt . In November 2020, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into wholly-owned subsidiaries of SOLII, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-2 Class A solar asset-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2020-2 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLII Notes") with a maturity date of November 2055. The SOLII Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A and for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate equal to and , respectively. The cash flows generated by the solar energy systems of SOLII's subsidiaries are used to service the quarterly principal and interest payments on the SOLII Notes and satisfy SOLII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Sol II Depositor, LLC, SOLII's sole member. In connection with the SOLII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to a transaction management agreement and managing and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management, servicing and transaction management agreements, (b) the managing members' obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to SOLII pursuant to the sale and contribution agreement. SOLII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the SOLII Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the SOLII Notes. The indenture requires SOLII to track the DSCR of (a) the amount of certain payments received from customers, certain performance based incentives, certain energy credits and any applicable insurance proceeds as of a specific date to (b) interest and scheduled principal due on the SOLII Notes as of such date with the potential to enter into an early amortization period if the DSCR drops below a certain threshold. The holders of the SOLII Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the SOLII Notes. 
 
 HELV Debt. In February 2021, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELV, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-A Class A solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-A Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELV Notes") with a maturity date of February 2048. The HELV Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A and for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate of and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELV Notes and satisfy HELV's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios V Depositor, LLC, HELV's sole member. In connection with the HELV Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-1 solar asset-backed notes (the "SOLIII Notes") with a maturity date of April 2056. The SOLIII Notes were issued at a discount of and bear interest at an annual rate equal to . The cash flows generated by the solar energy systems of SOLIII's subsidiaries are used to service the quarterly principal and interest payments on the SOLIII Notes and satisfy SOLIII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Sol III Depositor, LLC, SOLIII's sole member. In connection with the SOLIII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to a transaction management agreement and managing and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management, servicing and transaction management agreements, (b) the managing members' obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to SOLIII pursuant to the sale and contribution agreement. SOLIII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the SOLIII Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the SOLIII Notes. The indenture requires SOLIII to track the debt service coverage ratio (such ratio, the "DSCR") of (a) the amount of certain payments received from customers, certain performance based incentives, certain energy credits and any applicable insurance proceeds as of a specific date to (b) interest and scheduled principal due on the SOLIII Notes as of such date, with the potential to enter into an early amortization period if the DSCR drops below a certain threshold. The holders of the SOLIII Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the SOLIII Notes. 
 
 HELVI Debt. In July 2021, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELVI, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-B Class A solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-B Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELVI Notes") with a maturity date of July 2048. The HELVI Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A and for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate of and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELVI Notes and satisfy HELVI's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios VI Depositor, LLC, HELVI's sole member. In connection with the HELVI Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELVI pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELVI is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELVI Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELVI Notes. The holders of the HELVI Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELVI Notes. 
 
 HELVII Debt. In October 2021, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELVII, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-C Class A solar loan-backed notes, million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-C Class B solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2021-C Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELVII Notes") with a maturity date of October 2048. The HELVII Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A, for Class B and for Class C and bear interest at an annual rate of , and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELVII Notes and satisfy HELVII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios VII Depositor, LLC, HELVII's sole member. In connection with the HELVII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELVII pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELVII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELVII Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELVII Notes. The holders of the HELVII Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELVII Notes. 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-A Class A solar loan-backed notes, million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-A Class B solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-A Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELVIII Notes") with a maturity date of February 2049. The HELVIII Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A, for Class B and for Class C and bear interest at an annual rate of , and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELVIII Notes and satisfy HELVIII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios VIII Depositor, LLC, HELVIII's sole member. In connection with the HELVIII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELVIII pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELVIII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELVIII Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELVIII Notes. The holders of the HELVIII Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELVIII Notes. 
 
 SOLIV Debt . In June 2022, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into wholly-owned subsidiaries of SOLIV, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLIV Notes") with a maturity date of April 2057. The SOLIV Notes were issued at a discount of and , respectively, and bear interest at an annual rate equal to and , respectively. The cash flows generated by the solar energy systems of SOLIV's subsidiaries are used to service the quarterly principal and interest payments on the SOLIV Notes and satisfy SOLIV's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Sol IV Depositor, LLC, SOLIV's sole member. In connection with the SOLIV Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to a transaction management agreement and management and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to a transaction management agreement and management and servicing agreements, (b) the managing members' obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to SOLIV pursuant to the sale and contribution agreement. SOLIV is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the SOLIV Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the SOLIV Notes. The indenture requires SOLIV to track the debt service coverage ratio (such ratio, the "DSCR") of (a) the amount of certain payments received from customers, certain performance based incentives, certain energy credits and any applicable insurance proceeds as of a specific date to (b) interest and scheduled principal due on the SOLIV Notes as of such date, with the potential to enter into an early amortization period if the DSCR drops below a certain threshold. The holders of the SOLIV Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the SOLIV Notes. 
 
 HELIX Debt. In August 2022, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELIX, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-B Class A solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-B Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELIX Notes") with a maturity date of August 2049. The HELIX Notes were issued at a discount of for Class A and for Class B and bear interest at an annual rate of and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELIX Notes and satisfy HELIX's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios IX Depositor, LLC, HELIX's sole member. In connection with the HELIX Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELIX pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELIX is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELIX Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELIX Notes. The holders of the HELIX Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELIX Notes. 
 
 HELX Debt. In November 2022, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELX, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class A solar loan-backed notes, million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class B solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2022-C Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELX Notes") with a maturity date of November 2049. The Class C notes have been retained by one of our subsidiaries since their issuance. The HELX Notes 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 for Class A, for Class B and for Class C and bear interest at an annual rate of , and , respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELX Notes and satisfy HELX's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios X Depositor, LLC, HELX's sole member. In connection with the HELX Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELX pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELX is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELX Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELX Notes. The holders of the HELX Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELX Notes. 
 
 convertible senior notes 
 SEI convertible senior notes 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation 5.875 senior notes 
 EZOP revolving credit facility HELII solar asset-backed notes RAYSI solar asset-backed notes HELIII solar loan-backed notes TEPH revolving credit facility SOLI solar asset-backed notes HELIV solar loan-backed notes AP8 revolving credit facility SOLII solar asset-backed notes HELV solar loan-backed notes SOLIII solar asset-backed notes HELVI solar loan-backed notes HELVII solar loan-backed notes HELVIII solar loan-backed notes SOLIV solar asset-backed notes HELIX solar loan-backed notes HELX solar loan-backed notes Total (1) 
 
 (1) Amounts exclude the net deferred financing costs (classified as debt) and net debt discounts of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For the EZOP, TEPH and AP8 debt, the estimated fair values approximate the carrying amounts primarily due to the variable nature of the interest rates of the underlying instruments. For the convertible senior notes, senior notes and the HELII, RAYSI, HELIII, SOLI, HELIV, SOLII, HELV, SOLIII, HELVI, HELVII, HELVIII, SOLIV, HELIX and HELX debt, we determined the estimated fair values based on an analysis of debt with similar book values, maturities and required market yields based on current interest rates. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 

(10) 
 
 million and million, respectively, to economically hedge its exposure to the variable interest rates on a portion of the outstanding EZOP debt. No collateral was posted for the interest rate swaps and caps as they are secured under the EZOP revolving credit facility. In July 2022, the notional amount of the interest rate swaps and caps began decreasing to match EZOP's estimated monthly principal payments on the debt. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, EZOP unwound interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively, and recorded a realized gain of million and a realized loss of , respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps and Caps on TEPH Debt. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, TEPH entered into interest rate swaps and caps for an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively, to economically hedge its exposure to the variable interest rates on a portion of the outstanding TEPH debt. No collateral was posted for the interest rate swaps and caps as they are secured under the TEPH revolving credit facility. In October 2023, the notional amount of the interest rate swaps and caps will begin decreasing to match TEPH's estimated quarterly principal payments on the debt. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, TEPH unwound interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively, and recorded a realized gain of million and a realized loss of million, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps and Caps on AP8 Debt. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, AP8 entered into interest rate swaps and caps for an aggregate notional amount of million and , respectively, to economically hedge its exposure to the variable interest rates on a portion of the outstanding AP8 debt. No collateral was posted for the interest rate swaps and caps as they are secured under the AP8 revolving credit facility. The notional amount of the interest rate swaps and caps is locked for the life of the contract. 
 
 March 2021 - March 2022 July 2033 - July 2034 
 TEPH July 2022 - December 2022 January 2035 - April 2041 - 
 
 February 2019 - January 2023 January 2023 - January 2036 - 
 
 AP8 November 2022 September 2025 Total 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Other long-term liabilities ) Total, net 
 
 We did not designate the interest rate swaps and caps as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. As a result, we recognize changes in fair value immediately in interest expense, net. Unrealized gain ) ) ) Total ) ) 

(11) , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. ) ) Statutory federal tax rate Tax benefit computed at statutory rate ) ) ) State income tax, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Adjustments from permanent differences: Redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ITC recapture Other Increase in valuation allowance, net Total income tax expense 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 State net operating loss carryforward ITC carryforward Federal unused interest deduction carryforward Investment in certain financing arrangements Other deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets Fixed asset basis difference ) ) Intangible asset basis difference ) ) Investment in certain financing arrangements ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 A full valuation allowance of million and million was recorded against our net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe it is not more likely than not that future taxable income and the reversal of deferred tax liabilities will be sufficient to realize our net deferred tax assets. Our estimated federal tax net operating loss carryforward as of December 31, 2022 is approximately billion, which will begin to expire in 2032 if not utilized. We also generated million of Section 48(a) ITCs in 2022 for a net million through December 31, 2022, which will begin to expire in 2033 if not utilized. 
 
 We assessed whether we had any significant uncertain tax positions taken in a filed tax return, planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim, or otherwise subject to interpretation and determined there were none not more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position, or prospectively approved when such approval may be sought in advance. Accordingly, we recorded no reserve for uncertain tax positions. Should a provision for any interest or penalties relative to unrecognized tax benefits be necessary, it is our policy to accrue for such in our income tax accounts. There were such accruals as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and we do not expect a significant change in gross unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months. Our tax years after 2011 remain subject to examination by the IRS and by the taxing authorities in the states and territories in which we operate. 
 
 Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions, our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the IRS and state tax authorities. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, as well as similar state provisions, our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of certain significant shareholders over a three-year period in excess of 50 . This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of our company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. We experienced an ownership change in August 2020 as defined by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, which limits our future ability to utilize NOLs and tax credits generated before the "ownership change". However, these limitations do not prevent the use of our NOLs to offset certain built-in gains, including deemed gains with respect to our cost recovery deductions, recognized by us within five years after the ownership change with respect to assets held by us at the time of the ownership change, or the use of our tax credits to offset related tax liabilities, to the extent of our "net unrealized built-in gain" at the time of the ownership change. We have determined that, based upon the size of our net unrealized built-in gain at the time of our 2020 ownership change and our projected recognition of deemed built-in gains in the five years following the ownership change, there is no impact on the balances for deferred taxes or valuation allowance. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(12) 
 
 shares of our common stock (the "Acquisition"), comprised of shares in initial consideration issued at closing, shares related to the purchase price adjustments in the third quarter of 2021 and up to shares issuable as earnout consideration after closing of the Acquisition as described below. We believe the Acquisition provides a new strategic path to further scale our solar business, reduces customer acquisition costs, provides a multi-year supply of sites through the development of new solar communities and allows us to pursue the development of clean and resilient microgrids across the U.S. 
 
 The purchase consideration was approximately million, consisting of million in the issuance of common stock shares and million representing the fair value of contingent consideration based upon estimated new solar energy system installations through 2025 and the execution of certain binding agreements before the fifth anniversary of the closing of the Acquisition. Pursuant to the Earnout Agreement entered into between us and Len x , Len x will have the ability to earn up to an additional shares of common stock over a period in connection with the Acquisition. The earnout payments are conditioned on SunStreet meeting certain commercial milestones and achieving specified in-service levels. There are elements to the earnout arrangement. First, we will issue up to shares to the extent we and our subsidiaries (including SunStreet) place target amounts of solar energy systems into service and enter into qualifying customer agreements related to such solar energy systems. The shares of common stock issuable under this portion of the earnout can be earned in installments on a yearly basis (if the in-service target for each such year is achieved) or at the end of the period (if the cumulative in-service target is achieved by the fourth and final year), with the annual periods commencing on the closing date of the Acquisition. See Note 14, Stockholders' Equity. This earnout is recorded as contingent consideration. The second element of the earnout is related to the development of microgrid communities. Pursuant to this portion of the earnout, we will issue up to shares in separate tranches, each of which has different criteria, if, prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing date of the Acquisition, we enter into binding agreements for the development of microgrid communities. One of these tranches is recorded as contingent consideration. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of contingent consideration that could be paid to Lennar has an estimated maximum value of million and a minimum value of million. These values were determined based on the projected average share price over the earnout period 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million (the "Funding Commitment") to Sunnova tax equity funds, each formed annually during a period of four consecutive years (each such year, a "Contribution Year") commencing in 2021. See Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests. The solar service agreements and related solar energy systems acquired by each of these tax equity funds will generally be originated by SunStreet, though a certain number of solar service agreements may be originated by our dealers, subject to certain criteria and expected in-service levels for the year. The favorable terms of the Funding Commitment result in an intangible asset. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred transaction costs of million and million related to acquisitions. 
 
 The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. We estimated the fair value of the assets acquired at the acquisition date using a multi-period excess earnings methodology for customer relationships related to system sales and servicing, a cost savings methodology for customer relationships related to new customers, a relief from royalty methodology for the trade name and a discounted cash flow methodology for the tax equity commitment, all using Level 3 inputs. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we made changes to our purchase price allocation for facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date related to (a) the issuance of additional shares of common stock, (b) changes to the aggregate principal amount of the debt acquired, (c) modifications to the forecasted cash flows for the intangible assets, (d) modifications to the estimated earnout consideration and (e) resulting changes to goodwill. During the third quarter of 2021, we recorded an increase to goodwill of million as a result of purchase price adjustments. 
 
 Other current assets (includes inventory of 
 Property and equipment Intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired, excluding goodwill Purchase consideration Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the aggregate fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the acquired assembled workforce. We do not expect to take any tax deductions for the goodwill associated with the Acquisition unless we decide to make an asset election in the future that would make a portion of the goodwill deductible for tax purposes. The portion of revenue and earnings associated with the acquired business was not separately identifiable due to the integration with our operations. 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (13) 

The purpose of the tax equity entities is to own and operate a portfolio of solar energy systems and energy storage systems. The terms of the tax equity entities' operating agreements contain allocations of taxable income (loss), Section 48(a) ITCs and cash distributions that vary over time and adjust between the members on an agreed date (referred to as the flip date). The operating agreements specify either a date certain flip date or an internal rate of return ("IRR") flip date. The date certain flip date is based on the passage of a fixed period of time that generally corresponds to the expiration of the recapture period associated with Section 48(a) ITCs or a year thereafter. The IRR flip date is the date on which the tax equity investor has achieved a contractual rate of return. From inception through the flip date, the Class A members' allocation of taxable income (loss) and Section 48(a) ITCs is generally and the Class B members' allocation of taxable income (loss) and Section 48(a) ITCs is generally . TEPIVA, TEPIVB, TEPIVC, TEPIVD, TEPIVE, TEPIVG, TEPVB, TEPVC, TEPVD, TEP6A, TEP6B, TEP6C, TEP6D, TEP7A and TEP7D also have a step-down period prior to the flip date during which the Class A members' allocation of certain items within taxable income (loss) become and the Class B members' allocation of certain items within taxable income (loss) become and TEPIVG, TEPVB, TEPVC and TEP6B also have an additional step-down period prior to the flip date during which the Class A members' allocation of certain items within taxable income (loss) are further reduced and the Class B members' allocation of certain items within taxable income (loss) are further increased. After the related flip date (or, if the tax equity investor has a deficit capital account, typically after such deficit has been eliminated), the Class A members' allocation of taxable income (loss) will typically decrease to (or, in some cases, a higher percentage if required by the tax equity investor) and the Class B members' allocation of taxable income (loss) will increase by an inverse amount. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million, respectively, related to non-performance fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a liability of and million, respectively, related to non-performance fees. 

(14) 
 
 shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. We received aggregate net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately million and offering expenses of approximately . We used the net proceeds from the offering to acquire solar equipment, repay indebtedness and for working capital purposes. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, certain of the holders of our convertible senior notes converted approximately million aggregate principal amount, including accrued and unpaid interest to the date of each conversion, of our convertible senior notes into shares of our common stock. Such conversions resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt under GAAP of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the remaining holders of our convertible senior notes converted approximately million aggregate principal amount, including accrued and unpaid interest to the date of each conversion, of our convertible senior notes into shares of our common stock. In April 2021, we issued shares of common stock in connection with the Acquisition. In August 2021, we issued an additional shares of common stock in connection with the purchase price adjustments of the Acquisition. See Note 12, Acquisitions. In November 2021, we issued shares of common stock in connection with our investments in solar receivables. See Note 8, Investments in Solar Receivables. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued shares of our common stock to Len x , LLC pursuant to the terms of the earnout agreement entered into in connection with the SunStreet acquisition. See Note 12, Acquisitions. 
 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (15) 
 
 stock option plans (collectively, the "Prior Plans") after approval by our Board. The Prior Plans provided the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to stock options shall not exceed shares. No further awards may be made under the Prior Plans. 
 
 Effective March 2016, we established and adopted a new stock option plan (the "2016 Plan") after approval by our Board. The 2016 Plan allowed for the issuance of non-qualified and incentive stock options. The 2016 Plan provided the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to stock options shall not exceed shares. No further awards may be made under the 2016 Plan. 
 
 In connection with our IPO, our Board adopted the 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP") to incentivize employees, officers, directors and other service providers of SEI and its affiliates. The LTIP provides for the grant, from time to time, at the discretion of our Board or a committee thereof, of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, including restricted stock and restricted stock units, performance awards and cash awards. The LTIP provides the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards shall not exceed shares. The number of shares available for issuance under the LTIP will be increased each fiscal year beginning in 2020, in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) a number of shares such that the total number of shares that remain available for additional grants under the LTIP equals percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year or (b) such number of shares determined by our Board. In February 2022, the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards under the LTIP was increased by , an amount which, together with the shares remaining available for grant under the LTIP, is equal to , or of the number of shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2021. Awards granted under the LTIP contain a service condition and cease vesting for employees, consultants and directors upon termination of employment or service. The grant date fair value of awards granted under the LTIP will be recognized ratably over the applicable vesting period of each award (either , or ). 
 
 The Prior Plans and the 2016 Plan will only allow for settlement of stock options by the issuance of common stock and awards issued under the LTIP can generally only be settled by the issuance of common stock. Therefore, we classify the awards as equity awards. We recognize the fair value of equity-based compensation awards as compensation cost in the financial statements, beginning on the grant date. We base compensation expense on the fair value of the awards we expect to vest, recognized over the service period, and adjusted for actual forfeitures that occur before vesting. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 During 2020, stock options were granted and stock options were exercised resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock in exchange for million. During 2021, stock options were granted and stock options were exercised resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock in exchange for million. During 2022, stock options were granted and stock options were exercised resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock in exchange for . 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) 6.375 - 
 Volatility 
 
 The expected volatility was calculated based on the average historical volatilities of publicly traded peer companies determined by us. The risk-free interest rate used was based on the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the stock options to be valued. The expected dividend yield is as we do not anticipate paying common 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 Non-vested, December 31, 2021 Non-vested, December 31, 2022 
 
 The number of stock options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The grant date fair value of stock options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 
 The grant date fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of common stock under the ESPP. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of the closing price of our common stock on the grant date or the purchase date. Payment for shares of our common stock is made as of the purchase date through payroll deductions on an after-tax basis over the designated purchase period. Each purchase period will generally be a period commencing on January 1 and July 1 of each year, or such other period as the plan administrator may prescribe. The applicable purchase date is the last trading day of the purchase period or other such trading date designated by the plan administrator. An employee's payroll deductions under the ESPP are limited to of the employee's eligible compensation with an annual limitation of . As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued under the ESPP. 

(16) Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 Convertible senior notes 

(17) 
 
 million related to our guarantee of certain specified minimum solar energy production output under our leases and loans, of which million is recorded in other current liabilities and million is recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, we recorded million related to these guarantees, of which million is recorded in other current liabilities and 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million is recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Accruals Settlements ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Operating and Finance Leases . We lease real estate and certain office equipment under operating leases and vehicles and certain other office equipment under finance leases. 
 
 Finance lease expense: Amortization expense Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Total 
 
 Finance leases Total right-of-use assets Current lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Long-term leases liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Total lease liabilities 
 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 (1) Includes reimbursements in 2022, 2021 and 2020 of approximately , and million, respectively, for leasehold improvements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted average remaining lease term (years): Operating leases Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total Amount representing interest ) ) Amount representing leasehold incentives ) Present value of future payments Current portion of lease liability ) ) Long-term portion of lease liability 
 
 Letters of Credit . In connection with a reinsurance agreement and various security arrangements for an office lease, we have letters of credit outstanding of million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The letters of credit are cash collateralized for the same amount or a lesser amount and this cash is classified as restricted cash recorded in other current assets and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Guarantees or Indemnifications . We enter into contracts that include indemnifications and guarantee provisions. In general, we enter into contracts with indemnities for matters such as breaches of representations and warranties and covenants 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively. Under these agreements, we paid million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We could be obligated to make maximum payments, excluding additional amounts payable on a per watt basis if even higher thresholds are met, as follows: 
 
 Dealer Commitments (in thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 
 Purchase Commitments. In December 2021, we amended an agreement with a supplier in which we agreed to purchase at least megawatt hours of solar energy systems, energy storage systems and accessories through December 2023. The amendment does not contain specific dollar amounts or thresholds; however, as of December 31, 2022, we estimate these remaining purchase commitments will range from approximately million to million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we purchased million and , respectively, under this agreement. 
 
 Information Technology Commitments. We have certain long-term contractual commitments related to information technology software services and licenses. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (18) 
 
 Total operating expense, net Operating loss ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted 
 
 (1) Amounts are revised for the immaterial prior period revisions discussed below. 
 
 Revisions 
 
 We have revised our previously issued interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements ("interim financial statements") to correct immaterial errors pertaining to our interest rate derivative financial instruments, specifically the credit valuation adjustment to account for the counterparties' credit risk. We did not record the estimated reduction to the derivative assets related to the credit valuation adjustment as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. These immaterial errors impacted our consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated statements of redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity. The impacted periods will be revised in future filings, as applicable. 
 
 ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) 
 
 As of June 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised (in thousands) Other assets ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised (in thousands) Other assets ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) 
 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) Loss before income tax ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted 
 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised (in thousands) Interest expense, net Loss before income tax ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2022 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised (in thousands) Interest expense, net Loss before income tax ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised (in thousands) Net loss ) ) ) Unrealized gain on derivatives ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) 
 
 Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised (in thousands) Net loss ) ) ) Unrealized gain on derivatives ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) 
 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) ) Unrealized gain on derivatives ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
 Accumulated Deficit As Previously Reported Revisions As Revised (in thousands) December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent March 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent Other, net ) ) June 30, 2022 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent September 30, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total current assets Investments in subsidiaries Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable, including affiliates Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Common stock, and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at par value 
 Additional paid-in capital common stock Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to parent company condensed financial statements. 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 General and administrative expense Operating loss ) ) ) Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net Equity in losses of subsidiaries Loss before income tax ) ) ) Income tax Net loss ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to parent company condensed financial statements. 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments in subsidiaries ) ) ) Distributions from subsidiaries Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Purchase of capped call transactions ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from equity component of debt instrument, net Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash ) ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Non-cash investing and financing activities: Non-cash issuance of common stock related to the settlement of contingent consideration Non-cash conversion of convertible senior notes for common stock Non-cash issuance of common stock for investments in solar receivables Non-cash issuance of common stock for business acquisition Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 See accompanying notes to parent company condensed financial statements. 
 149 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I NOTES TO PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 
 
 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share and on July 25, 2019, SEI's common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "NOVA". Upon the closing of our initial public offering on July 29, 2019 (our "IPO"), Sunnova Energy Corporation was contributed to SEI and SEI became the holding company of Sunnova Energy Corporation through a reverse merger. In addition, the historical financial statements of Sunnova Energy Corporation became the historical financial statements of SEI. These condensed financial statements include the condensed balance sheets, condensed statements of operations and condensed statements of cash flows and have been prepared on a parent-only basis. These parent-only financial statements do not include all of the information and notes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements and therefore, these parent-only financial statements and other information included should be read in conjunction with SEI's consolidated financial statements and related notes contained within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 

150 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In connection with that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to provide reasonable assurance the information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms as of December 31, 2022, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. The term "disclosure controls and procedures", as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We completed the acquisition of SunStreet in April 2021. We excluded SunStreet's internal control over financial reporting from the scope of management's 2021 annual assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as we made efforts to integrate SunStreet's accounts, processes and internal controls over financial reporting into our financial reporting framework. Such changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as described in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act), which have been substantially completed, have not materially affected our internal control over financial reporting. Other than the changes that resulted from such integration, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. However, our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 151 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K will be set forth in our proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Proxy Statement") or an amendment to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year-end of the fiscal year which this report relates. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , auditor firm ID: . The information required by this Item 14 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Documents filed as part of this report are as follows: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the "Index to Consolidated Financial Statements" under Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The required information is included elsewhere in the Annual Report, not applicable or not material. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying "Exhibit Index" are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 2.1 Merger Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2019, by and among Sunnova Energy International Inc., Sunnova Energy Corporation and Sunnova Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 2.2 Merger Agreement, by and among Sunnova Energy International Inc., Moonroad LLC, Sunnova Energy Corporation, SunStreet Energy Group, LLC and LEN X, LLC, dated as of February 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2021). 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 from Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021). 
 4.2 Stockholders Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, by and among Sunnova Energy International Inc. and certain holders of its capital stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 4.3 Stockholders Agreement, by and among Sunnova Energy International Inc., Lennar Corporation and LEN X, LLC, dated as of April 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021). 
 4.4 Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, by and among Sunnova Energy International Inc. and certain stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 4.4.1 First Amendment to The Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, among Sunnova Energy International Inc. and the parties listed therein, dated May 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.1 to Form S-1 filed on June 29, 2020). 
 4.5 Registration Rights Agreement among Sunnova Energy International Inc. and the parties listed therein, dated May 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to form S-1 filed on June 29, 2020). 
 4.6 Indenture, among Sunnova Helios II Issuer, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated November 8, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 4.7 Indenture, among Sunnova RAYS I Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, dated March 28, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 4.7.1 Indenture Supplement No. 1, among Sunnova RAYS I Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, dated March 28, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 4.7.2 Indenture Supplement No. 2, among Sunnova RAYS I Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, dated June 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 4.8 Indenture, among Sunnova Helios III Issuer, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated June 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 4.9 Indenture, between Sunnova Sol Issuer, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated February 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2020). 
 4.10 Indenture, between Sunnova Helios IV Issuer, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated June 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Form S-1 filed on June 29, 2020). 
 4.11 Indenture, between Sunnova Sol II Issuer, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2020). 
 4.12 Indenture, between Sunnova Helios V Issuer, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated February 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021). 
 4.13 Indenture, dated May 20, 2021, between Sunnova Energy International Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2021). 
 4.14 Indenture, between Sunnova Sol III Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, dated June 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2021). 
 4.15 Indenture, dated July 27, 2021, among Sunnova Helios VI Issuer, LLC, and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed on October 28, 2021). 
 4.16 Indenture, dated August 17, 2021, among Sunnova Energy Corporation, Sunnova Energy International Inc., Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2021). 
 4.17 Indenture, dated October 26, 2021, between Sunnova Helios VII Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022). 
 4.18 Indenture, dated February 24, 2022, among Sunnova Helios VIII Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022). 
 4.19 Indenture, dated June 27, 2022, between Sunnova Sol IV Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed on July 28, 2022). 
 4.20 Indenture, dated August 17, 2022, by and among Sunnova Helios IX Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed on October 27, 2022). 
 4.21 Indenture, dated August 19, 2022, between Sunnova Energy International Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2022). 
 4.22 Indenture, dated November 10, 2022, by and among Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 10.1 Form of Capped Call Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed May 21, 2021). 
 10.2 Form of Additional Capped Call Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed May 24, 2021). 
 10.3 Form of Capped Call Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2022). 
 10.4 Earnout Agreement, by and between LEN X, LLC and Sunnova Energy International Inc., dated as of February 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2021). 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, and the Lenders from time to time party thereto, dated March 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.5.1 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, and the Lender from time to time party thereto, dated June 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to Form S-1 filed on June 29, 2020). 
 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 10.5.2 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, and the Lenders from time to time party thereto, dated September 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019). 
 10.5.3 Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of December 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020). 
 10.5.4 Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of January 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2020). 
 10.5.5 Amendment No. 5 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of March 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2020). 
 10.5.6 Amendment No. 6 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated September 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.5.7 Amendment No. 7 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of March 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021). 
 10.5.8 Amendment No. 8 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of June 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2022). 
 10.5.9 Amendment No. 9 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of July 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed on July 28, 2022). 
 10.5.10 Amendment No. 10 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Omnibus Amendment No. 2 (SLA), among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2022). 
 10.5.11 Amendment No. 11 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Omnibus Amendment No. 3 (SLA), among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, dated as of September 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022). 
 10.6 Credit Agreement among Sunnova TEP Inventory, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, and the Lenders from time to time party thereto, dated December 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020). 
 10.6.1 Consent and Amendment, by and among Sunnova TEP Inventory, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, and the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, LLC, and Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC, dated November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2020). 
 10.6.2 First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Security Agreements, by and among Sunnova TEP Inventory, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Lenders and Funding Agents party thereto, Sunnova Energy Corporation, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, LLC and Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC, dated September 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on October 29, 2020). 
 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 10.6.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Inventory, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Lenders and Funding Agents party thereto, Sunnova Energy Corporation, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, LLC, Sunnova TEP OpCo, LLC and Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC, dated March 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021). 
 10.7 Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, dated September 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.7.1 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8 Holdings, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, dated October 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.1 to Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022). 
 10.7.2 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8 Holdings, LLC, Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of November 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2022). 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, dated March 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021). 
 10.8.1 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, dated May 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2021). 
 10.8.2 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, dated June 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2021). 
 10.8.3 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, dated September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed on October 28, 2021). 
 10.8.4 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, dated October 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.4 to Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022). 
 10.8.5 Omnibus Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, dated October 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.5 to Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022). 
 10.8.6 Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, dated April 12, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on July 28, 2022). 
 10.8.7 Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, as administrative agent, the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, dated as of September 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2022). 
 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 10.8.8 Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, dated as of October 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2022). 
 10.9 Office Building Lease Agreement, between Sunnova Energy Corporation and 20 Greenway Plaza LLC, dated August 29, 2014, for 42,238 square feet of office space known as Suites 350, 475, and 750 of the building located at 20 East Greenway Plaza, Houston, Texas 77046 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.9.1 Amendment No. 1 to Office Building Lease Agreement, between Sunnova Energy Corporation and 20 Greenway Plaza LLC, dated as dated May 18, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.9.2 Amendment No. 2 to Office Building Lease Agreement, between Sunnova Energy Corporation and 20 Greenway Plaza LLC, dated June 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.9.3 Amendment No. 3 to Office Building Lease Agreement, between Sunnova Energy Corporation and 20 Greenway Plaza LLC, dated November 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.9.4 Amendment No. 4 to Office Building Lease Agreement, between Sunnova Energy Corporation and 20 Greenway Plaza LLC, dated May 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.9.5 Amendment No. 5 to Office Building Lease Agreement by and between Sunnova Energy Corporation and SCP 20 Greenway, LLC dated September 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2019). 
 10.10+ Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Option Plan, dated July 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 10.11+ Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, dated July 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 10.12+ Sunnova Energy International Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan and Form of Award Letters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 10.13+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.14+ Form of Option Award Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.15+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Letter for Non-Employee Director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2019). 
 10.16+ Form of Executive Severance Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form S-1/A filed on July 17, 2019). 
 10.17+ Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form S-1/A filed on July 3, 2019). 
 10.18 Board Designation Agreement, by and among Sunnova Energy International, Inc., Kayne Multiple Strategy Fund, L.P., Kayne Solutions Fund, L.P., San Bernardino County Employees Retirement Association and TFGI Holdings, LLC, dated May 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form S-1 filed on June 29, 2020). 
 10.19 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 3, 2022, among Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, Sunnova Energy Corporation, Sunnova Helios X Depositor, LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 157 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document). 
 
 __________________ 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ William J. Berger William J. Berger Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ William J. Berger Chief Executive Officer and Director February 23, 2023 William J. Berger (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert L. Lane Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Robert L. Lane (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Anne Slaughter Andrew Director February 23, 2023 Anne Slaughter Andrew /s/ Nora Brownell Director February 23, 2023 Nora Brownell /s/ Rahman D'Argenio Director February 23, 2023 Rahman D'Argenio /s/ Mark Longstreth Director February 23, 2023 Mark Longstreth /s/ Akbar Mohamed Director February 23, 2023 Akbar Mohamed /s/ Michael C. Morgan Director February 23, 2023 Michael C. Morgan /s/ C. Park Shaper Director February 23, 2023 C. Park Shaper /s/ Mary Yang Director February 23, 2023 Mary Yang 
 
 159 

<EX-4.22>
 2
 exhibit422-helxindenture.htm
 EX-4.22

Document 
 Exhibit 4.22 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC 
 
 Issuer 

and 

Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 
 Indenture Trustee 

Indenture 

Dated as of November 10, 2022 

235,700,000 

Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC 
 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C 

Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Table of Contents 
 Section Heading Page 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 Section 1.01. General Definitions and Rules of Construction 
 2 
 Section 1.02. Calculations 
 2 
 ARTICLE II The Notes Reconveyance 
 Section 2.01. General 
 2 
 Section 2.02. Forms of Notes 
 3 
 Section 2.03. Payment of Interest 
 6 
 Section 2.04. Payments to Noteholders 
 6 
 Section 2.05. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 
 7 
 Section 2.06. Temporary Notes 
 8 
 Section 2.07. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 
 8 
 Section 2.08. Transfer and Exchange 
 13 
 Section 2.09. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 
 16 
 Section 2.10. Persons Deemed Noteholders 
 17 
 Section 2.11. Cancellation of Notes 
 17 
 Section 2.12. Conditions to Closing 
 17 
 Section 2.13. Definitive Notes 
 21 
 Section 2.14. Access to List of Noteholders' Names and Addresses 
 21 
 ARTICLE III Covenants Collateral Representations Warranties 
 Section 3.01. Performance of Obligations 
 22 
 Section 3.02. Negative Covenants 
 23 
 Section 3.03. Money for Note Payments 
 24 
 Section 3.04. Restriction of Issuer Activities 
 24 
 Section 3.05. Protection of Trust Estate 
 25 
 Section 3.06. Opinions and Officer s Certificate as to Trust Estate 
 28 
 Section 3.07. Statement as to Compliance 
 28 
 Section 3.08. Schedule of Solar Loans 
 28 
 Section 3.09. Recording 
 29 
 Section 3.10. Agreements Not to Institute Bankruptcy Proceedings Additional Covenants 
 29 
 Section 3.11. Providing of Notice 
 31 
 Section 3.12. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer 
 32 
 Section 3.13. Representations and Warranties of the Indenture Trustee 
 36 
 Section 3.14. Knowledge 
 37 
 
 - i - 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ARTICLE IV Management, Administration and Servicing of Solar Loans 
 Section 4.01. Management Agreement 
 37 
 ARTICLE V Accounts, Collections, Payments of Interest and Principal, Releases, and Statements to Noteholders 
 Section 5.01. Accounts 
 39 
 Section 5.02. Equipment Replacement Reserve Account 
 42 
 Section 5.03. Reserve Account 
 43 
 Section 5.04. Section 25D Interest Account 
 45 
 Section 5.05. Reserved . 
 46 
 Section 5.06. Collection Account 
 46 
 Section 5.07. Distribution of Funds in the Collection Account 
 46 
 Section 5.08. Equity Cure 
 50 
 Section 5.09. Note Payments 
 51 
 Section 5.10. Statements to Noteholders Tax Returns 
 52 
 Section 5.11. Reports by Indenture Trustee 
 52 
 Section 5.12. Final Balances 
 53 
 ARTICLE VI Voluntary Prepayment of Notes and Release of Collateral 
 Section 6.01. Voluntary Prepayment 
 53 
 Section 6.02. Notice of Voluntary Prepayment 
 54 
 Section 6.03. Cancellation of Notes 
 54 
 Section 6.04. Release of Collateral 
 54 
 ARTICLE VII The Indenture Trustee 
 Section 7.01. Duties of Indenture Trustee 
 56 
 Section 7.02. Manager Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, or Event of Default 
 58 
 Section 7.03. Rights of Indenture Trustee 
 58 
 Section 7.04. Not Responsible for Recitals, Issuance of Notes or Application of Moneys as Directed 
 61 
 Section 7.05. May Hold Notes 
 61 
 Section 7.06. Money Held in Trust 
 61 
 Section 7.07. Compensation and Reimbursement 
 61 
 Section 7.08. Eligibility Disqualification 
 63 
 Section 7.09. Indenture Trustee's Capital and Surplus 
 63 
 Section 7.10. Resignation and Removal Appointment of Successor 
 63 
 Section 7.11. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 
 64 
 Section 7.12. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Indenture Trustee 
 65 
 
 - ii - 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 7.13. Co-trustees and Separate Indenture Trustees 
 65 
 Section 7.14. Books and Records 
 66 
 Section 7.15. Control 
 67 
 Section 7.16. Suits for Enforcement 
 67 
 Section 7.17. Compliance with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations 
 67 
 Section 7.18. Authorization 
 68 
 ARTICLE VIII Reserved 
 ARTICLE IX Event of Default 
 Section 9.01. Events of Default 
 68 
 Section 9.02. Actions of Indenture Trustee 
 69 
 Section 9.03. Indenture Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 
 70 
 Section 9.04. Indenture Trustee May Enforce Claim Without Possession of Notes 
 71 
 Section 9.05. Knowledge of Indenture Trustee 
 71 
 Section 9.06. Limitation on Suits 
 71 
 Section 9.07. Unconditional Right of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest 
 72 
 Section 9.08. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 
 72 
 Section 9.09. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 
 72 
 Section 9.10. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 
 72 
 Section 9.11. Control by Noteholders 
 72 
 Section 9.12. Waiver of Certain Events by Less Than All Noteholders 
 73 
 Section 9.13. Undertaking for Costs 
 73 
 Section 9.14. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 
 73 
 Section 9.15. Sale of Trust Estate 
 74 
 Section 9.16. Action on Notes 
 75 
 ARTICLE X Supplemental Indentures 
 Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Noteholder Approval 
 75 
 Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders 
 76 
 Section 10.03. Execution of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures 
 77 
 Section 10.04. Effect of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures 
 77 
 Section 10.05. Reference in Notes to Amendments and Supplemental Indentures 
 77 
 Section 10.06. Indenture Trustee to Act on Instructions 
 77 
 ARTICLE XI Reserved 
 
 - iii - 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ARTICLE XII Miscellaneous 
 Section 12.01. Compliance Certificates and Opinions Furnishing of Information 
 78 
 Section 12.02. Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee 
 78 
 Section 12.03. Acts of Noteholders 
 79 
 Section 12.04. Notices, Etc. 
 80 
 Section 12.05. Notices and Reports to Noteholders Waiver of Notices 
 81 
 Section 12.06. Rules by Indenture Trustee 
 82 
 Section 12.07. Issuer Obligation 
 82 
 Section 12.08. Enforcement of Benefits 
 83 
 Section 12.09. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 
 83 
 Section 12.10. Successors and Assigns 
 83 
 Section 12.11. Separability 
 83 
 Section 12.12. Benefits of Indenture 
 83 
 Section 12.13. Legal Holidays 
 83 
 Section 12.14. Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial 
 83 
 Section 12.15. Electronic Signatures and Counterparts 
 84 
 Section 12.16. Recording of Indenture 
 84 
 Section 12.17. Further Assurances 
 84 
 Section 12.18. No Bankruptcy Petition Against the Issuer 
 85 
 Section 12.19. Reserved 
 85 
 Section 12.20. Rule 15Ga-1 Compliance 
 85 
 Section 12.21. Multiple Roles 
 86 
 Section 12.22. PATRIOT Act 
 86 
 ARTICLE XIII Termination 
 Section 13.01. Termination of Indenture 
 86 

- iv - 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Annex A Standard Definitions 
 
 Schedule I Schedule of Solar Loans 
 
 Exhibit A-1 Form of Class A Note A-1-1 
 Exhibit A-2 Form of Class B Note A-2-1 
 Exhibit A-3 Form of Class C Note A-3-1 
 Exhibit B Forms of Transferee Letters B-1 
 Exhibit C Form of Notice of Voluntary Prepayment C-1 
 Exhibit D Rule 15Ga-1 Information D-1 

- v - 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

This Indenture (as amended or supplemented from time to time, this Indenture is dated as of November 10, 2022 between Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, as issuer (the Issuer ), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as indenture trustee (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). 
 Preliminary Statement 
 Pursuant to this Indenture, there is hereby duly authorized the execution and delivery of three classes of notes designated as the Issuer's 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A (the Class A Notes ), Issuer s 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B (the Class B Notes and the Issuer s 6.00 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class C (the Class C Notes and together with the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes ). All covenants and agreements made by the Issuer herein are for the benefit and security of the Holders of the Notes. The Issuer is entering into this Indenture, and the Indenture Trustee is accepting the trusts created hereby, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged. 
 Granting Clause 
 The Issuer hereby Grants to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, as their interests may appear, all of the rights, title, interest and benefits of the Issuer whether now existing or hereafter arising in and to (i) the Initial Solar Loans and any Qualified Substitute Solar Loans, (ii) all Solar Loan Files related to the Solar Loans and any property or assets of the Obligors pledged as collateral under a Solar Loan to secure the repayment of such Solar Loan, including without limitation the related PV System and or Energy Storage System, each now and hereafter owned, (iii) each Solar Loan Agreement including the right to (a) receive all amounts due under or required to be paid pursuant to such Solar Loan Agreement on and after the related Cut-Off Date (including all interest capitalized and added to the Solar Loan Balance of a Solar Loan on a Section 25D Credit Payment Date, if any), (b) all security interests, liens and assignments securing payment of such Solar Loan Agreement and (c) all books, records and computer tapes relating to such Solar Loan Agreement (iv) the Issuer's rights in the Electronic Vault, (v) all rights and remedies under the Contribution Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Custodial Agreement, any Letter of Credit and all other Transaction Documents, (vi) amounts (including all amounts collected from each Obligor under its Solar Loan Agreement) deposited from time to time into the Lockbox Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account and all amounts deposited from time to time and all Eligible Investments in each such account, (vii) all other assets of the Issuer, and (viii) the proceeds of any and all of the foregoing including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of any of the foregoing into cash or other property (collectively, the Trust Estate ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trust Estate shall not include (i) any returned items required to be returned to the financial institution maintaining the Lockbox Account, (ii) Obligor Security Deposits on deposit in the Obligor Security Deposit Account nor (iii) amounts received relating to Grid Services. 
 Such Grant is made in trust, to secure payments of amounts due with respect to the Notes ratably and without prejudice, priority or distinction between or among the Notes, and to secure (i) the payment of all amounts on the Notes as such amounts become due in accordance with their terms (ii) the payment of all other sums payable in accordance with the provisions of this 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture and (iii) compliance with the provisions of this Indenture, all as provided in this Indenture. 
 The Indenture Trustee acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts hereunder in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, and agrees to perform the duties herein required pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Indenture and subject to the conditions hereof. 
 Article I Definitions 
 Section 1.01. General Definitions and Rules of Construction . Except as otherwise specified or as the context may otherwise require, capitalized terms used in this Indenture shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Standard Definitions attached hereto as Annex A, which is hereby incorporated by reference into this Indenture as if set forth fully in this Indenture. The rules of construction set forth in Annex A shall apply to this Indenture and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Indenture as if set forth fully in this Indenture. 
 Section 1.02. Calculations . Calculations required to be made pursuant to this Indenture shall be made on the basis of information or accountings as to payments on each Note furnished by the Servicer. Except to the extent they are incorrect on their face, such information or accountings may be conclusively relied upon in making such calculations, but to the extent that it is later determined that any such information or accountings are incorrect, appropriate corrections or adjustments will be made. 
 Article II The Notes Reconveyance 
 Section 2.01. General . (a) The Notes shall be designated as the Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A , the Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B and the Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 6.00 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class C . 
 (b) All payments of principal and interest with respect to the Notes shall be made only from the Trust Estate on the terms and conditions specified herein. Each Noteholder and each Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note, agrees that, subject to the repurchase obligations of Sunnova ABS Holdings X and the Depositor in the Contribution Agreement and the indemnification obligations provided for herein and in the Contribution Agreement, the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement and the obligations of the Performance Guarantor under the Performance Guaranty, it will have recourse solely against such Trust Estate and such repurchase and indemnification obligations. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, all Notes shall be substantially identical in all respects. Except as specifically provided herein, all Notes issued, authenticated and delivered under this Indenture shall be in all respects equally and ratably entitled to the benefits hereof without preference, priority or distinction on account of the actual time or times of authentication and delivery, all in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Indenture. 
 (d) The Initial Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, that may be executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the 
 2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee and Outstanding at any given time under this Indenture is limited to 103,400,000, 80,600,000 and 51,700,000, respectively. 
 (e) Holders of the Notes shall be entitled to payments of interest and principal as provided herein. Each Class of Notes shall have a final maturity on the Rated Final Maturity. All Notes of the same Class shall be secured on parity with one another, with no Note of any Class having any priority over any other Note of that same Class. 
 (f) The Notes that are authenticated and delivered to the Noteholders by the Indenture Trustee upon an Issuer Order on the Closing Date shall be dated as of the Closing Date. Any Note issued later in exchange for, or in replacement of, any Note issued on the Closing Date shall be dated the date of its authentication. 
 (g) Each Class of Notes is issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof provided that one Note of each Class of Notes may be issued in an amount equal to the minimum initial denomination for such Class of Notes plus any remaining portion of the Initial Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes provided, further, that the foregoing shall not restrict or prevent the transfer in accordance with the last sentence of Section 2.07 hereof of any Note with a remaining Outstanding Note Balance of less than 100,000. 
 Section 2.02. Forms of Notes . The Notes shall be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A-1 , Exhibit A-2 and Exhibit A-3 , as applicable, with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Issuer, as evidenced by its execution thereof. 
 The Definitive Notes shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods, all as determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes. 
 Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes are set forth in Exhibit A-1 , Exhibit A-2 and Exhibit A-3 are part of the terms of this Indenture. 
 (a) Global Notes . The Notes (other than the Class C Notes) are being offered and sold by the Issuer to the Initial Purchaser pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement. 
 Notes offered and sold within the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A and, with respect to any Class C Notes acquired by Sunnova Energy or one of its Affiliates, Institutional Accredited Investors, shall be issued initially in the form of Rule 144A Global Notes, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the Indenture Trustee, as custodian for the Securities Depository, and registered in the name of the Securities Depository or a nominee of the Securities Depository, duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Indenture Trustee as hereinafter provided. The Outstanding Note Balance of the Rule 144A Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Indenture Trustee and the Securities Depository or its nominee as hereinafter provided. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any error or omission by the Securities Depository in making such record adjustments and the records of the Indenture Trustee shall be controlling with regard to outstanding principal amount of Notes hereunder. 
 3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Notes offered and sold outside of the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act shall initially be issued in the form of a Regulation S Temporary Global Note, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the Indenture Trustee, as custodian for the Securities Depository, and registered in the name of the Securities Depository or the nominee of the Securities Depository for the investors' respective accounts at Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System Euroclear or Clearstream Banking soci t anonyme Clearstream ), duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Indenture Trustee as hereinafter provided. Beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Notes may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream. 
 Within a reasonable period of time following the expiration of the 40-day distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for beneficial interests in Regulation S Permanent Global Notes upon the receipt by the Indenture Trustee of (i) a written certificate from the Securities Depository, together with copies of certificates from Euroclear and Clearstream, certifying that they have received certification of non-United States beneficial ownership of 100 of the Outstanding Note Balance of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note (except to the extent of any beneficial owners thereof who acquired an interest therein pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act and who will take delivery of a beneficial ownership interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, all as contemplated by Section 2.08(a)(ii)), and (ii) an Officer's Certificate from the Issuer. The Regulation S Permanent Global Notes will be deposited with the Indenture Trustee, as custodian, and registered in the name of a nominee of the Securities Depository. Simultaneously with the authentication of the Regulation S Permanent Global Notes, the Indenture Trustee shall cancel the Regulation S Temporary Global Note. The Outstanding Note Balance of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Indenture Trustee and the Securities Depository or its nominee, as the case may be, in connection with transfers of interest as hereinafter provided. The Indenture Trustee shall incur no liability for any error or omission of the Securities Depository in making such record adjustments and the records of the Indenture Trustee shall be controlling with regard to outstanding principal amount of Regulation S Global Notes hereunder. 
 Each Global Note shall represent such of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and prepayments. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Indenture Trustee, or by the Note Registrar at the direction of the Indenture Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.08. 
 The provisions of the Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System and Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the Management Regulations and Instructions to Participants of Clearstream shall be applicable to interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Notes that are held by the members of, or participants in, the Securities Depository Agent Members through Euroclear or Clearstream. 
 Except as set forth in Section 2.08, the Global Notes may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of the Securities Depository or to a successor of the Securities Depository or its nominee. 
 4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(b) Book-Entry Provisions. This Section 2.02(b) shall apply only to the Global Notes deposited with or on behalf of the Securities Depository. 
 The Issuer shall execute and the Indenture Trustee shall, in accordance with this Section 2.02(b), authenticate and deliver one Global Note for each Class of Notes which (i) shall be registered in the name of the Securities Depository or the nominee of the Securities Depository and (ii) shall be delivered by the Indenture Trustee to the Securities Depository or pursuant to the Securities Depository's instructions or held by the Indenture Trustee as custodian for the Securities Depository. 
 Agent Members shall have no rights either under this Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Securities Depository or by the Indenture Trustee as custodian for the Securities Depository or under such Global Note, and the Securities Depository may be treated by the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Securities Depository or impair, as between the Securities Depository and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Securities Depository governing the exercise of the rights of an owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note. 
 The Note Registrar and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to treat the Securities Depository for all purposes of this Indenture (including the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes and the giving of instructions or directions hereunder) as the sole Holder of the Notes, and shall have no obligation to the Note Owners. 
 The rights of Note Owners shall be exercised only through the Securities Depository and shall be limited to those established by law and agreements between such Note Owners and the Securities Depository and or the Agent Members pursuant to the Note Depository Agreement. The initial Securities Depository will make book-entry transfers among the Agent Members and receive and transmit payments of principal of and interest on the Notes to such Agent Members with respect to such Global Notes. 
 Whenever this Indenture requires or permits actions to be taken based upon instructions or directions of Holders of Notes evidencing a specified percentage of the Outstanding amount of the Notes, the Securities Depository shall be deemed to represent such percentage only to the extent that it has received instructions to such effect from Note Owners and or Agent Members owning or representing, respectively, such required percentage of the beneficial interest in the Notes and has delivered such instructions to the Indenture Trustee. 
 (c) Definitive Notes. Except as provided in Sections 2.08 and 2.13, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of certificated definitive, fully registered Notes (the Definitive Notes ). 
 
 5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 2.03. Payment of Interest . (a) Noteholders shall, subject to the priorities and conditions set forth in the Priority of Payments, be entitled to receive payments of interest and principal on each Payment Date. Any payment of interest or principal payable with respect to the Notes on the applicable Payment Date shall be made to the Person in whose name such Note is registered as of the Record Date for such Payment Date in the manner provided in Section 5.09. 
 (b) On each Payment Date, the Interest Distribution Amount for each Class of Notes will be distributed to the registered Noteholders of the applicable Class of Notes as of the related Record Date to the extent Available Funds are sufficient for such distribution in accordance with the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable. Interest on the Notes with respect to any Payment Date will accrue at the applicable Note Rate based on the Interest Accrual Period. 
 (c) If the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance has not been paid in full on or before the Anticipated Repayment Date, additional interest (the Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts will begin to accrue during each Interest Accrual Period thereafter on each outstanding Class of Notes at the related Post-ARD Additional Interest Rate. The Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts, if any, for a Class of Notes will only be due and payable (i) after the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, any Note Balance Write-Down Amounts and any Deferred Interest amounts have been paid in full or (ii) on the date on which a Voluntary Prepayment of all outstanding Notes in full is being made. Prior to such time, the Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts accruing on a Class of Notes will be deferred and added to any Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts previously deferred and remaining unpaid Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts ). Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts will not bear interest. 
 6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 2.04. Payments to Noteholders . (a) Principal payments and interest on a Class of Notes will be made on each Payment Date to the Noteholders of each Class as of the related Record Date pursuant to the Priority of Payments. The remaining Outstanding Note Balance of each Class of Notes, if any, shall be payable no later than the Rated Final Maturity. 
 (b) All reductions in the principal balance of a Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by payments of principal made on any Payment Date shall be binding upon all Holders of such Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Note. 
 (c) The Note Balance Write-Down Amount shall be applied in the following order of priority (i) to the Class C Notes until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class C Notes is reduced to zero, (ii) to the Class B Notes until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero and (iii) to the Class A Notes until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes is reduced to zero. The application of the Note Balance Write-Down Amount to a Class of Notes will not reduce such Class' entitlement to unpaid principal and interest. 
 Section 2.05. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating . (a) The Notes shall be executed by the Issuer. The signature of such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or facsimile. Notes bearing the manual or facsimile signature of any individual who was, at the time of execution thereof, an Authorized Officer of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding the fact that such individual ceased to hold such office prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not hold such office at the date of issuance of such Notes. 
 (b) On the Closing Date, the Issuer shall, and at any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Issuer may deliver Notes executed by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee for authentication, and the Indenture Trustee, upon receipt of the Notes and of an Issuer Order, shall authenticate and deliver such Notes provided, however , that the Indenture Trustee shall not authenticate the Notes on the Closing Date unless and until it shall have received the documents listed in Section 2.12. 
 (c) Each Note authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee to or upon an Issuer Order on or prior to the Closing Date shall be dated the Closing Date. All other Notes that are authenticated after the Closing Date for any other purpose under this Indenture shall be dated the date of their authentication. 
 (d) Notes issued upon transfer, exchange or replacement of other Notes shall be issued in authorized denominations reflecting the Outstanding Note Balance so transferred, exchanged or replaced, but shall represent only the Outstanding Note Balance so transferred, exchanged or replaced. In the event that any Note is divided into more than one Note in accordance with this Article II, such Outstanding Note Balance shall be divided among the Notes delivered in exchange therefor. 
 (e) No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication, substantially in the form provided for herein, executed by the Indenture Trustee by the manual signature of a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee, and such executed certificate upon 
 7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

any Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered. 
 Section 2.06. Temporary Notes . Except for the Notes maintained in book-entry form, temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination, and substantially in the form of the Definitive Notes but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Issuer. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Indenture Trustee upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Definitive Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Issuer will execute and deliver to the Indenture Trustee Definitive Notes (other than in the case of Notes in global form) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than in the case of Notes in global form) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at the Corporate Trust Office, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Definitive Notes. Such exchange shall be made by the Issuer at its own expense and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Definitive Notes authenticated and delivered hereunder. 
 Section 2.07. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange . (a) The Indenture Trustee (in such capacity, the Note Registrar shall cause to be kept at its Corporate Trust Office a register (the Note Register ), in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Note Registrar shall provide for the registration of the Notes and the registration of transfers of such Notes. The Notes are intended to be obligations in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f), Section 871(h)(2) and Section 881(c)(2) of the Code. 
 (b) Each Person who has or who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Note shall be deemed by the acceptance or acquisition of such Ownership Interest to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of this Section 2.07 and Section 2.08. 
 (c) Each purchaser of Global Notes, other than the Initial Purchaser, by its acceptance thereof, will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed as follows 
 (i) The purchaser (other than Sunnova Energy or any Affiliate thereof that acquires a Class C Note) (A) (1) is a QIB, (2) is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and (3) is acquiring the Notes or interests therein for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary agent for others (which others are also QIBs and have executed an agreement containing substantially the same representations as provided herein) or (B) is not a U.S. Person and is purchasing the Notes or interests therein in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. The purchaser is aware that it (or any account of a QIB for which it is purchasing) may be required to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period, and it (or such account) is able to bear such risk for an indefinite period. 
 8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) The purchaser understands that the Notes and interests therein are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws and that (A) if in the future it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer any of the Notes or any interests therein, such Notes (or the interests therein) may only be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in denominations (the Minimum Denomination of 100,000 and in each case, in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, and only (i) in the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A (acting for its own account and not for the account of others, or as a fiduciary or agent for other QIBs to whom notice is given that the sale, pledge or transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A), (ii) outside the United States in a transaction complying with the provisions of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (iii) pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act (if available and evidenced by an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee), in each of cases (i) through (iii) in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the U.S. and any other applicable jurisdiction, and that (B) the purchaser will, and each subsequent holder is required to, notify any subsequent purchaser of such Notes or interests therein from it of the resale restrictions referred to above. Notwithstanding the foregoing restriction, any Note that has originally been properly issued in an amount no less than the Minimum Denomination, or any interest therein, may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in a denomination less than the Minimum Denomination if such lesser denomination is solely a result of a reduction of principal due to payments made in accordance with this Indenture. 
 (iii) The purchaser acknowledges that none of the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee or the Initial Purchaser or any person representing the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee or the Initial Purchaser has made any representation to it with respect to the Issuer or Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee or the Initial Purchaser or the sale of any Notes, other than the information contained in the Offering Circular, which Offering Circular has been delivered to it and upon which it is relying in making its investment decision with respect to the Notes accordingly, it acknowledges that no representation or warranty is made by the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee or the Initial Purchaser as to the accuracy or completeness of such materials and it has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and the Notes as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase any of the Notes, including an opportunity to ask questions and request information from the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Depositor, the 
 9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee and the Initial Purchaser. It acknowledges that the delivery of the Offering Circular at any time does not imply that information herein is correct as of any time subsequent to this date. 
 (iv) The purchaser understands that the applicable Notes will, until such Notes may be resold pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1) of the Securities Act, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the holder thereof, bear a legend substantially to the following effect 
 THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. 
 EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN FOR, ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER OR VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND WILL BE CONSISTENT WITH ANY APPLICABLE FIDUCIARY DUTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED UPON THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE. 
 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN DENOMINATIONS (THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF 100,000 AND IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER 
 10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QIBS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE U.S. IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 The purchaser understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Notes from the Securities Depository. 
 (v) The purchaser understands that any Note offered in reliance on Regulation S will, during the 40-day distribution compliance period commencing on the day after the later of the commencement of the offering and the date of original issuance of the Notes, bear a legend substantially to the following effect 
 THIS NOTE IS A TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WHICH IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR A PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE. 
 PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO A U.S. PERSON EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 Following the 40-day distribution compliance period, interests in a Regulation S Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for interests in a Regulation S Permanent Global Note. 
 
 11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(vi) Each purchaser and transferee (and if the purchaser or transferee is a Benefit Plan Investor or plan subject to Similar Law, its fiduciary) by its purchase of a Note or Ownership Interest therein shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that either (i) it is not, and is not acquiring such Note or interest therein for or on behalf of or with the assets of, any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employment Retirement Income Security Act, as amended ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA or any plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of an employee benefit plan's or plan's investment in such entity (each a Benefit Plan Investor ), or any plan that is subject to any law substantially similar to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each a Similar Law or (ii) if purchaser or transferee is a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject to Similar Law, the purchase, holding and disposition of the Note or interest therein will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or non-exempt prohibited transaction under or violation of Similar Law and will be consistent with any applicable fiduciary duties that may be imposed upon the purchaser or transferee. 
 (vii) Each purchaser and transferee by its purchase of a Note or interest therein shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that at the time of its purchase and throughout the period that it holds such Note or interest therein, that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the Note or interest therein to any person without first obtaining the same foregoing representations, warranties and covenants from that person. 
 (viii) Each purchaser and transferee (other than to an Affiliate of Sunnova Energy that is disregarded as separate from Sunnova Energy for U.S. federal income tax purposes) by its purchase of a Note or interest therein shall be deemed to have agreed to treat such Note as indebtedness and indicate on all federal, state and local income tax and information returns and reports required to be filed with respect to such Note, under any applicable federal, state or local tax statute or any rule or regulation under any of them, that such Note is indebtedness unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. 
 
 12 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ix) The purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee, the Initial Purchaser and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations, warranties, and agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgments, representations, warranties and agreements deemed to have been made by its purchase of the Notes are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Initial Purchaser. If it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such investor account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such investor account. 
 (x) The purchaser understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Notes from the Securities Depository. 
 (d) Other than with respect to Notes maintained in book-entry form, at the option of a Noteholder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like Outstanding Note Balance and Class upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at the Corporate Trust Office. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes which the Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive. 
 (e) Other than with respect to Notes maintained in book-entry form, any Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed. All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same rights, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Class of Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any Tax or other governmental charge as may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.08 not involving any transfer. 
 The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or securities laws of any jurisdiction. Consequently, the Notes are not transferable other than pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and satisfaction of provisions set forth in this Indenture. 
 (f) In connection with any transfer of any Class C Notes by Sunnova Energy or any of its Affiliates or direct or indirect equity holder (other than to an Affiliate of Sunnova Energy that is disregarded as separate from Sunnova Energy for U.S. federal income tax purposes), such potential transferor must deliver to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel that as of the date of such transfer, the Class C Notes will be characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 (g) Each purchaser and transferee by its purchase of a Class C Note or a beneficial interest therein shall be deemed to have made all of the certifications, representations, warranties and covenants set forth therein (which shall include those set forth in Section 2.07(c)(i)-(x)). 
 13 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Any transfer of a beneficial interest in a Class C Note in violation of any of the foregoing will be of no force and effect and void ab initio . 
 (h) Sunnova Energy or an Affiliate thereof, by its holding, transfer or purchase of the Class C Notes on and after the Closing Date, will be deemed to have represented that it is an Institutional Accredited Investor. 
 Section 2.08. Transfer and Exchange . (a) The transfer and exchange of Global Notes or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Securities Depository, in accordance with this Indenture and the procedures of the Securities Depository therefor, which shall include restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the extent required by the Securities Act. Beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred to persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the legends in subsections of Section 2.07(c), as applicable. Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes to persons required or permitted to take delivery thereof in the form of an interest in another Global Note shall be permitted as follows 
 (i) Rule 144A Global Note to Regulation S Global Note . If, at any time, an owner of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note deposited with the Securities Depository (or the Indenture Trustee as custodian for the Securities Depository) wishes to transfer its interest in such Rule 144A Global Note to a person who is required or permitted to take delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, such owner shall, subject to compliance with the applicable procedures described herein (the Applicable Procedures ), exchange or cause the exchange of such interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note as provided in this Section 2.08(a)(i). Upon receipt by the Indenture Trustee of (1) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures from an Agent Member directing the Indenture Trustee to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note to be exchanged, (2) a written order given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the participant account of the Securities Depository and the Euroclear or Clearstream account to be credited with such increase, and (3) a certificate in the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto given by the Note Owner of such beneficial interest stating that the transfer of such interest has been made in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, then the Indenture Trustee, as Note Registrar, shall instruct the Securities Depository to reduce or cause to be reduced the initial Outstanding Note Balance of the applicable Rule 144A Global Note and to increase or cause to be increased the initial Outstanding Note Balance of the applicable Regulation S Global Note by the initial principal amount of the beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note to be exchanged, to credit or cause to be credited to the account of the person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note equal to the reduction in the initial Outstanding Note Balance of the Rule 144A Global Note, and to debit, or cause to be debited, from the account of the person making such exchange or transfer the beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note that is being exchanged or transferred. 
 (ii) Regulation S Global Note to Rule 144A Global Note. If, at any time an owner of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note deposited with the Securities Depository or with the Indenture Trustee as custodian for the Securities Depository wishes to transfer its interest in such Regulation S Global Note to a person who is 
 14 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

required or permitted to take delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, such owner shall, subject to the Applicable Procedures, exchange or cause the exchange of such interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note as provided in this Section 2.08(a)(ii). Upon receipt by the Indenture Trustee of (1) instructions from Euroclear or Clearstream, if applicable, and the Securities Depository, directing the Indenture Trustee, as Note Registrar, to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note equal to the beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note to be exchanged, such instructions to contain information regarding the participant account with the Securities Depository to be credited with such increase, (2) a written order given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the participant account of the Securities Depository and (3) if such transfer is being effected prior to the expiration of the 40-day distribution compliance period (as defined by Regulation S under the Securities Act), a certificate in the form of Exhibit B-2 attached hereto given by the Note Owner of such beneficial interest stating (A) if the transfer is pursuant to Rule 144A, that the person transferring such interest in a Regulation S Global Note reasonably believes that the person acquiring such interest in a Rule 144A Global Note is a QIB and is obtaining such beneficial interest in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and any applicable blue sky or securities laws of any State, (B) that the transfer complies with the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky or securities laws of any State or (C) if the transfer is pursuant to any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, that the transfer of such interest has been made in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the requirements of the exemption claimed, such statement to be supported by an Opinion of Counsel from the transferee or the transferor in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuer and to the Indenture Trustee, then the Indenture Trustee, as Note Registrar, shall instruct the Securities Depository to reduce or cause to be reduced the initial Outstanding Note Balance of such Regulation S Global Note and to increase or cause to be increased the initial Outstanding Note Balance of the applicable Rule 144A Global Note by the initial principal amount of the beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note to be exchanged, and the Indenture Trustee, as Note Registrar, shall instruct the Securities Depository, concurrently with such reduction, to credit or cause to be credited to the account of the person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the applicable Rule 144A Global Note equal to the reduction in the Outstanding Note Balance at maturity of such Regulation S Global Note and to debit or cause to be debited from the account of the person making such transfer the beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note that is being transferred. 
 (b) Transfer and Exchange from Definitive Notes to Definitive Notes . When Definitive Notes are presented by a Holder to the Note Registrar with a request 
 (i) to register the transfer of Definitive Notes in the form of other Definitive Notes or 
 (ii) to exchange such Definitive Notes for an equal principal amount of Definitive Notes of other authorized denominations, 
 the Note Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange as requested provided, however , that the Definitive Notes presented or surrendered for register of transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in 
 15 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

form satisfactory to the Note Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by his attorney, duly authorized in writing and 
 (i) if such Definitive Note is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A or in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S, a certification to that effect from such Holder (in the form of Exhibit B-3 hereto) or 
 (ii) if such Definitive Note is being transferred in reliance on any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, a certification to that effect from such Holder (in the form of Exhibit B-3 hereto) and an Opinion of Counsel from such Holder or the transferee reasonably acceptable to the Issuer and to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act. 
 (c) Restrictions on Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, a Global Note may not be transferred except by the Securities Depository to a nominee of the Securities Depository or by a nominee of the Securities Depository to the Securities Depository or another nominee of the Securities Depository or by the Securities Depository or any such nominee to a successor Securities Depository or a nominee of such successor Securities Depository. 
 (d) Initial Issuance of the Notes . The Initial Purchaser and (solely with respect to the Class C Notes) Sunnova Energy or any of its Affiliates shall not be required to deliver, and neither the Issuer nor the Indenture Trustee shall demand therefrom, any of the certifications or opinions described in this Section 2.08 in connection with the initial issuance of the Notes and the delivery thereof by the Issuer (or by Sunnova Energy or any of its Affiliates to Sunnova Energy or any of its Affiliates). 
 (e) Class C Notes . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, any provision requiring that the Class C Notes may only be acquired or held by a QIB shall not apply to Sunnova Energy or any of its Affiliates. Sunnova Energy or any of its Affiliates may acquire or hold Class C Notes so long as such entity is an Institutional Accredited Investor. 
 
 16 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 2.09. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes . (a) If (i) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and (ii) there is delivered to the Indenture Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by the Indenture Trustee to hold each of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee harmless, then, in the absence of actual notice to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser, the Issuer shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver upon an Issuer Order, in exchange for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a new Note or Notes of the same tenor and Class and principal balance bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding provided, however , that if any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall have become subject to receipt of payment in full, instead of issuing a new Note, the Indenture Trustee may make a payment with respect to such Note without surrender thereof, except that any mutilated Note shall be surrendered. If, after the delivery of such new Note or payment with respect to a destroyed, lost or stolen Note pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence, a protected purchaser of the original Note in lieu of which such new Note was issued presents for receipt of payments such original Note, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to recover such new Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking such new Note from such Person, except a protected purchaser, and each of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage or cost incurred by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in connection therewith. 
 (b) Upon the issuance of any new Note under this Section 2.09, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any Tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto. 
 (c) Every new Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.09 in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not such destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. 
 (d) The provisions of this Section 2.09 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment with respect to mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes. 
 Section 2.10. Persons Deemed Noteholders . Before due presentment for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the owner of such Note (a) on the applicable Record Date for the purpose of receiving payments with respect to principal and interest on such Note and (b) on any date for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 Section 2.11. Cancellation of Notes . All Definitive Notes surrendered for payment, registration of transfer, exchange or prepayment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee and shall be promptly canceled by it. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation any Note previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly canceled by the Indenture Trustee. No 
 17 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes canceled as provided in this Section 2.11 except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All canceled Notes shall be held and disposed of by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with its standard retention and disposal policy. 
 Section 2.12. Conditions to Closing . The Notes shall be executed, authenticated and delivered on the Closing Date in accordance with Section 2.05 and, upon receipt by the Indenture Trustee of the following 
 (a) an Issuer Order authorizing the authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Indenture Trustee 
 (b) the original Notes executed by the Issuer and true and correct copies of the Transaction Documents 
 (c) Opinions of Counsel addressed to the Indenture Trustee, the Initial Purchaser and the Rating Agencies in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser and the Rating Agencies addressing corporate, security interest, bankruptcy and other matters 
 (d) an Officer's Certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer, stating that 
 (i) all representations and warranties of the Issuer contained in the Transaction Documents are true and correct and no defaults exist under the Transaction Documents 
 (ii) the issuance of the Notes will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, the Issuer Operating Agreement or any other constituent documents of the Issuer or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which the Issuer is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject, and that all conditions precedent provided in this Indenture relating to the authentication and delivery of the Notes have been fully satisfied and 
 (iii) the conditions precedent described in this Indenture and in the other Transaction Documents, if any, have been satisfied 
 (e) an Officer's Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova Intermediate Holdings that 
 (i) Sunnova Intermediate Holdings is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the transfer of the Conveyed Property by it will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 18 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (f) an Officer's Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova ABS Holdings X that 
 (i) Sunnova ABS Holdings X is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the transfer of the Conveyed Property by it will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (g) an Officer's Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of the Depositor that 
 (i) the Depositor is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the transfer of the Conveyed Property by it and the simultaneous Grant of the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee by the Issuer will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (h) an Officer's Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova Management that 
 (i) Sunnova Management is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by Sunnova Management under 
 19 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (i) an Officer's Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova Energy that 
 (i) Sunnova Energy is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by Sunnova Energy under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (j) a Secretary's Certificate dated as of the Closing Date of each of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, Sunnova Management, the Depositor and the Issuer regarding certain organizational matters and the incumbency of the signatures of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, Sunnova Management, the Depositor and the Issuer 
 (k) the assignment to Sunnova ABS Holdings X by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings of its right, title and interest in the Solar Loans, the assignment to the Depositor by Sunnova ABS Holdings X of its right, title and interest in the Solar Loans and the assignment to the Issuer by the Depositor of its right, title and interest in the Solar Loans, each pursuant to the Contribution Agreement duly executed by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor and the Issuer 
 (l) presentment of all applicable UCC termination statements or partial releases (collectively, the Termination Statements terminating the Liens of creditors of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor, any of their Affiliates or any other Person with respect to any part of the Trust Estate (except as expressly 
 20 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

contemplated by the Transaction Documents) and the Financing Statements (which shall constitute all of the Perfection UCCs with respect to the Closing Date) to the proper Person for filing to perfect the Indenture Trustee's first priority Lien on the Trust Estate, subject to Permitted Liens 
 (m) evidence that the Indenture Trustee has established the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account 
 (n) evidence that Sunnova Energy has established the Obligor Security Deposit Account 
 (o) delivery by the Custodian to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of an executed Closing Date Certification 
 (p) delivery by KBRA to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of its rating letter assigning a rating to the Class A Notes of at least and to the Class B Notes of at least and delivery by Fitch to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of its rating letter assigning a rating to the Class A Notes of at least and to the Class B Notes of at least 
 (q) the Servicer shall have deposited or shall have caused to be deposited all amounts received in respect of the Solar Loans since the Initial Cut-Off Date into the Collection Account (other than Obligor Security Deposits received from an Obligor, which will be deposited by the Servicer into the Obligor Security Deposit Account, and amounts received relating to Grid Services) 
 (r) the Reserve Account Required Balance shall have been deposited into the Reserve Account 
 (s) the Section 25D Account Required Amount as of the Closing Date shall have been deposited into the Section 25D Interest Account and 
 (t) any other certificate, document or instrument reasonably requested by the Initial Purchaser or the Indenture Trustee. 
 
 21 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 2.13. Definitive Notes . The Notes will be issued as Definitive Notes, rather than to DTC or its nominee, only if (a) the Securities Depository notifies the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee that it is unwilling or unable to continue as the Securities Depository with respect to any or all of the Notes or (b) at any time the Securities Depository shall no longer be registered or in good standing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other applicable statute or regulation, as required, and in either case a successor Securities Depository is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days after the Issuer receives notice or becomes aware of such condition, as the case may be. Upon the occurrence of any of the events described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Issuer will issue the Notes of each Class in the form of Definitive Notes and thereafter the Indenture Trustee will recognize the holders of such Definitive Notes as Noteholders of each such Class under this Indenture. In connection with any proposed transfer outside the book entry system or exchange of beneficial interest in a Note for Notes in definitive registered form, the Issuer shall be required to provide or cause to be provided to the Indenture Trustee all information reasonably available to it that is reasonably requested by the Indenture Trustee and is otherwise necessary to allow the Indenture Trustee to comply with any applicable tax reporting obligations, including without limitation any cost basis reporting obligations under Section 6045 of the Code. The Indenture Trustee may rely on any such information provided to it and shall have no responsibility to verify or ensure the accuracy of such information. The Indenture Trustee shall not have any responsibility or liability for any actions taken or not taken by DTC. 
 Section 2.14. Access to List of Noteholders' Names and Addresses. The Indenture Trustee shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Servicer within 15 days after receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a request therefor from the Servicer in writing, a list, in such form as the Servicer may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Noteholders as of the most recent Record Date. 
 Article III Covenants Collateral Representations Warranties 
 Section 3.01. Performance of Obligations . (a) The Issuer will not take any action or permit any action to be taken by others which would release any Person from any of such Person's covenants or obligations in any Transaction Document or under any instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate or that would result in the amendment, hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of, or impair the validity or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as ordered by any bankruptcy or other court or as permitted by, or expressly provided in this Indenture, the Transaction Documents or such other instrument or agreement. 
 (b) To the extent consistent with the Issuer Operating Agreement, the Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in performing its duties hereunder, and any performance of such duties shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer. To the extent that the Issuer contracts with other Persons which include or may include the furnishing of reports, notices or correspondence to the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall identify such Persons in a written notice to the Indenture Trustee. 
 (c) The Issuer shall and shall require that the Depositor, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings and Sunnova ABS Holdings X characterize (i) each transfer of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova ABS Holdings X, each transfer of the Conveyed 
 22 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Property by Sunnova ABS Holdings X to the Depositor and each transfer of the Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Contribution Agreement as an absolute transfer for legal purposes, (ii) the Grant of the Trust Estate by the Issuer under this Indenture as a pledge for financial accounting purposes, and (iii) the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes (unless otherwise required by Applicable Law) and for financial accounting purposes. In this regard, the financial statements of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries will show the Solar Loans as owned by the consolidated group and the Notes as indebtedness of the consolidated group (and will contain appropriate footnotes stating that the assets of the Issuer will not be available to creditors of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor or any other Person), and the U.S. federal income Tax Returns of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries that are regarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes will indicate that the Notes are indebtedness unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. The Issuer will cause Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X and the Depositor to file all required Tax Returns and associated forms, reports, schedules and supplements thereto in a manner consistent with such characterizations unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. 
 (d) The Issuer covenants to pay, or cause to be paid, all Taxes or other similar charges levied by any governmental authority with regard to the Trust Estate, except to the extent that the validity or amount of such Taxes is contested in good faith, via appropriate Proceeding s and with adequate reserves established and maintained therefor in accordance with GAAP. 
 (e) The Issuer hereby assumes liability for all liabilities associated with the Trust Estate or created under this Indenture, including but not limited to any obligation arising from the breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer set forth herein except as provided in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has and shall have no liability with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the Notes, except as otherwise provided in this Indenture. 
 (f) The Issuer will perform and observe all of its obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the Transaction Documents and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate, including, but not limited to, preparing (or causing to be prepared) and filing (or causing to be filed) all UCC financing statements and continuation statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with and within the time periods provided for herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuer shall not waive, amend, modify, supplement or terminate any Transaction Document or any provision thereof without the consent of the Indenture Trustee (acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class). 
 (g) If an Event of Default or Manager Termination Event shall arise from the failure of the Manager to perform any of its duties or obligations under the Management Agreement, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to remedy such failure, including appointing a replacement Manager pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement. 
 (h) If an Event of Default or Servicer Termination Event shall arise from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its duties or obligations under the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to remedy such failure, including appointing a replacement Servicer pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
 (i) The Issuer, or the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer, will supply to the Indenture Trustee for further distribution to the Noteholders, at the time and in the manner required by 
 23 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

applicable Treasury Regulations, and to the extent required by applicable Treasury Regulations, information with respect to any original issue discount accruing on the Notes. 
 (j) The Issuer agrees to promptly notify the Indenture Trustee in writing, such notice to be made available to the Noteholders, if it obtains actual knowledge that any Electronic Vault is terminated or the underlying control arrangements for any Electronic Vault are changed in any manner that could reasonably be expected to be adverse to the Noteholders and if any authoritative electronic copies of Solar Loans stored therein are no longer held within an Electronic Vault or are otherwise removed from an Electronic Vault. 
 Section 3.02. Negative Covenants . In addition to the restrictions and prohibitions set forth in Sections 3.04 and 3.10 and elsewhere herein, the Issuer will not 
 (a) sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any portion of its interest in the Trust Estate except as expressly permitted by this Indenture or the Transaction Documents 
 (b) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture or any Grant hereunder to be impaired or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations under this Indenture, except as may be expressly permitted hereby or under any other Transaction Document 
 (c) create, incur or suffer, or permit to be created or incurred or to exist any Lien on any of the Trust Estate or permit the Lien created by this Indenture not to constitute a valid first priority, perfected Lien on the Trust Estate, in each case subject to Permitted Liens 
 (d) take any action or fail to take any action which action or failure to act may cause the Issuer to become classified as an association, a publicly traded partnership or a taxable mortgage pool that is taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or 
 (e) act in violation of its organization documents. 
 
 24 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 3.03. Money for Note Payments . (a) All payments with respect to any Notes which are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Collection Account pursuant to the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, shall be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee, and no amounts so withdrawn from an Account for payments with respect to the Notes shall be paid over to the Issuer under any circumstances except as provided in this Section 3.03 and Article V. 
 (b) When the Indenture Trustee is not also the Note Registrar, the Issuer shall furnish, or cause the Note Registrar to furnish, with respect to Global Notes, on each Record Date, and with respect to Definitive Notes, no later than the fifth calendar day after each Record Date, a list, in such form as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Noteholders and of the number of individual Notes and the Outstanding Note Balance held by each such Noteholder. 
 (c) Any money held by the Indenture Trustee in trust for the payment of any amount distributable but unclaimed with respect to any Note shall be held in a non-interest bearing trust account, and if the same remains unclaimed for two years after such amount has become due to such Noteholder, such money shall be discharged from such trust and paid to the Issuer upon an Issuer Order without any further action by any Person and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer), and all liability of the Indenture Trustee with respect to such trust money shall thereupon cease. The Indenture Trustee may adopt and employ, at the expense of the Issuer, any reasonable means of notification of such payment (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of such payment to Noteholders whose Notes have been called but have not been surrendered for prepayment or whose right to or interest in moneys due and payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the Indenture Trustee, at the last address of record for each such Noteholder). 
 Section 3.04. Restriction of Issuer Activities . Until the date that is 365 days after the Termination Date, the Issuer will not on or after the date of execution of this Indenture 
 (a) engage in any business or investment activities other than those necessary for, incident to, connected with or arising out of, owning and Granting the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, or contemplated hereby, in the Transaction Documents and the Issuer Operating Agreement 
 (b) incur any indebtedness secured in any manner by, or having any claim against, the Trust Estate or the Issuer other than indebtedness arising hereunder and in connection with the Transaction Documents and as otherwise expressly permitted in a Transaction Document 
 (c) incur any other indebtedness except as permitted in the Issuer Operating Agreement 
 (d) amend, or propose to the member of the Depositor for their consent any amendment of, the Issuer Operating Agreement (or, if the Issuer shall be a successor to the Person named as the Issuer in the first paragraph of this Indenture, amend, consent to amendment or propose any amendment of, the governing instruments of such successor), without giving notice thereof in writing, 30 days prior to the date on which such amendment is to become effective, to the Rating Agencies 
 25 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(e) except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Indenture or the Transaction Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, including those included in the Trust Estate 
 (f) claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than amounts properly withheld from such payments under the Code) or assert any claim against any present or former Noteholder by reason of the payment of the Taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Trust Estate 
 (g) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture to be impaired, or permit the Lien in favor of the Indenture Trustee created by this Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to the Notes under this Indenture except as may be expressly permitted hereby 
 (h) permit the Lien of this Indenture not to constitute a valid perfected first priority (other than with respect to a Permitted Lien) Lien on the Trust Estate or 
 (i) dissolve, liquidate, merge or consolidate with any other Person, other than in compliance with Section 3.10 if any Notes are Outstanding. 
 Section 3.05. Protection of Trust Estate . (a) The Issuer intends the Lien Granted pursuant to this Indenture in favor of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders to be prior to all other Liens in respect of the Trust Estate, subject to Permitted Liens, and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to obtain and maintain, in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, a first priority, perfected Lien on the Trust Estate, subject to Permitted Liens. Subject to Section 3.05(f), the Issuer will from time to time prepare, execute (or authorize the filing of) and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, and other instruments, and will take such other action as may be necessary or advisable to 
 (i) provide further assurance with respect to such Grant and or Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Trust Estate 
 (ii) (A) maintain and preserve the Lien (and the priority thereof) in favor of the Indenture Trustee created by this Indenture and (B) enforce the terms and provisions of this Indenture or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof 
 (iii) perfect or protect the validity of, any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture 
 (iv) enforce its rights under the Transaction Documents or 
 (v) preserve and defend title to any asset included in the Trust Estate and the rights of the Indenture Trustee and of the Noteholders in the Trust Estate against the claims of all Persons. 
 The Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document recorded, registered or filed as provided above, as soon as available following such recording, registration or filing. The Issuer shall cooperate fully with the Indenture Trustee in connection with the obligations set forth above and will 
 26 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

execute (or authorize the filing of) any and all documents reasonably required to fulfill the intent of this Section 3.05. 
 (b) The Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints the Indenture Trustee as its agent and attorney-in-fact (such appointment being coupled with an interest) to execute, or authorize the filing of, upon the Issuer's failure to do so, any financing statement or continuation statement required pursuant to this Section 3.05 provided, however , that such designation shall not be deemed to create any duty in the Indenture Trustee to monitor the compliance of the Issuer with the foregoing covenants and provided further , that the Indenture Trustee shall only be obligated to execute or authorize such financing statement or continuation statement upon written direction of the Servicer and upon written notice to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee of the failure of the Issuer to comply with the provisions of Section 3.05(a) shall not be required to pay any fees, Taxes or other governmental charges in connection therewith and shall not be required to prepare any financing statement or continuation statement required pursuant to this Section 3.05 (which shall in each case be prepared by the Issuer or the Servicer). The Issuer shall cooperate with the Servicer and provide to the Servicer any information, documents or instruments with respect to such financing statement or continuation statement that the Servicer may reasonably require. Neither the Indenture Trustee nor any of its officers, directors, employees, attorneys or agents will be responsible or liable for the existence, genuineness, value or protection of any collateral securing the Notes, for the legality, enforceability, effectiveness or sufficiency of the Transaction Documents or any financing statement or continuation statement for the creation, perfection, continuation, priority, sufficiency or protection of any of the liens, or for any defect or deficiency as to any such matters, for monitoring the status of any lien or performance of the collateral or for the accuracy or sufficiency of any financing statement or continuation statement prepared for its execution or authorization hereunder. 
 (c) Except as necessary or advisable in connection with the fulfillment by the Indenture Trustee of its duties and obligations described herein or in any other Transaction Document, the Indenture Trustee shall not remove any portion of the Trust Estate that consists of money or is evidenced by an instrument, certificate or other writing from the jurisdiction in which it was held as described in the most recent Opinion of Counsel that was delivered pursuant to Section 3.06 (or from the jurisdiction in which it was held as described in the Opinion of Counsel delivered at the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.12(c), if no Opinion of Counsel has yet been delivered pursuant to Section 3.06) unless the Indenture Trustee shall have first received an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Lien created by this Indenture with respect to such property will continue to be maintained after giving effect to such action or actions. 
 (d) No later than 30 days prior to any of Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor or the Issuer making any change in its or their name, identity, jurisdiction of organization or structure which would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in accordance with Section 3.05(a) above seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-506 of the UCC as in effect in New York or wherever else necessary or appropriate under Applicable Law, or otherwise impair the perfection of the Lien on the Trust Estate, the Issuer shall give or cause to be given to the Indenture Trustee written notice of any such change and shall file such financing statements or amendments as may be necessary to continue the perfection of the Indenture Trustee's Lien on the Trust Estate. None of Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor or the Issuer shall become or seek to become organized under the laws of more than one jurisdiction. 
 (e) The Issuer shall give the Indenture Trustee written notice at least 30 days prior to any relocation of Sunnova Intermediate Holdings', Sunnova ABS Holdings X's, the Depositor's 
 27 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

or the Issuer's respective principal executive office or jurisdiction of organization and whether, as a result of such relocation, the applicable provisions of relevant law or the UCC would require the filing of any amendment of any previously filed financing or continuation statement or of any new financing statement and shall file such financing statements or amendments as may be necessary to continue the perfection of the Indenture Trustee's Lien on the Trust Estate. The Issuer shall at all times maintain its principal executive office and jurisdiction of organization within the United States of America. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.05 or otherwise in this Indenture, UCC Fixture Filings will be maintained in the name of the initial Servicer, as secured party, on behalf of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. A UCC Fixture Filing may, or at the direction of the Issuer or the Servicer shall, be released by the secured party in connection with an Obligor refinancing transaction or sale of the related home, so long as the Servicer re-files the UCC Fixture Filing within 10 Business Days of obtaining knowledge of, but no later than 45 calendar days of, the closing of such refinancing or sale (if applicable). Following an Event of Default or the removal of Sunnova Management as Servicer following a Servicer Termination Event, the Servicer shall cause each UCC Fixture Filing to be assigned to the Indenture Trustee as secured party. To the extent the Servicer fails to do so, the Indenture Trustee is authorized to do so, but only if the Indenture Trustee is given a written direction or an Opinion of Counsel specifying the jurisdictions in which such filings shall be made and attaching copies of the applicable assignments of the UCC Fixture Filings to be filed by the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 3.06. Opinions and Officer s Certificate as to Trust Estate . (a) On the Closing Date and, if requested by the Indenture Trustee on the date of each supplemental indenture hereto, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (i) such action has been taken with respect to the recording and filing of the requisite documents (except as set forth in Section 3.05(f) and assuming the filing of any required financing statements and continuation statements) as are necessary to perfect and make effective the Lien on the Trust Estate in favor of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, created by this Indenture, subject to Permitted Liens, and reciting the details of such action or (ii) no such action is necessary to make such Lien effective. 
 (b) On or before the thirtieth day prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and every five years thereafter until the earlier of the Rated Final Maturity or the Termination Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officer s Certificate either stating that, (i) such action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording and re-filing of the requisite documents, except as set forth in Section 3.05(f), including the filing of any financing statements and continuation statements as is necessary to maintain the Lien created by this Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate and reciting the details of such action or (ii) no such action is necessary to maintain such Lien. The Issuer shall also provide the Indenture Trustee with a file stamped copy of any document or instrument filed as described in such Officer s Certificate contemporaneously with the delivery of such Officer s Certificate. Such Officer s Certificate shall also describe the recording, filing, re-recording and re-filing of the requisite documents, except as set forth in Section 3.05(f), including the filing of any financing statements and continuation statements that will be required to maintain the Lien of this Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate. If the Officer s Certificate delivered to the Indenture Trustee hereunder specifies future action to be taken by the Issuer, the Issuer shall furnish a further Officer s Certificate no later than the time so specified in such former Officer s Certificate to the extent required by this Section 3.06. 
 28 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 3.07. Statement as to Compliance . The Issuer will deliver to the Indenture Trustee, the Rating Agencies and the Initial Purchaser, within 120 days after the end of each calendar year (beginning with calendar year 2023), an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer stating, as to the signer thereof, that, (a) a review of the activities of the Issuer during the preceding calendar year and of its performance under this Indenture has been made under such officer's supervision, (b) to the best of such officer's knowledge, based on such review, the Issuer has fulfilled all its obligations under this Indenture throughout such year, or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such default known to such officer and the nature and status thereof and remedies therefor being pursued, and (c) to the best of such officer's knowledge, based on such review, no event has occurred and has been waived which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default hereunder or, if such an event has occurred and has not been waived, specifying each such event known to him or her and the nature and status thereof and remedies therefor being pursued. 
 Section 3.08. Schedule of Solar Loans . Upon any acquisition of Qualified Substitute Solar Loans, the Issuer shall cause the Servicer to update the Schedule of Solar Loans to add such Qualified Substitute Solar Loans to the Schedule of Solar Loans and deliver such updated Schedule of Solar Loans to the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 3.09. Recording. The Issuer will, upon the Closing Date and thereafter from time to time, prepare and cause financing statements and such other instruments as may be required with respect thereto, including without limitation, the Financing Statements to be filed, registered and recorded as may be required by present or future law (with file stamped copies thereof delivered to the Indenture Trustee) to create, perfect and protect the Lien hereof upon the Trust Estate, and protect the validity of this Indenture. The Issuer shall, from time to time, perform or cause to be performed any other act as required by law and shall execute (or authorize, as applicable) or cause to be executed (or authorized, as applicable) any and all further instruments (including financing statements, continuation statements and similar statements with respect to any of said documents with file stamped copies thereof delivered to the Indenture Trustee) that are necessary or reasonably requested by the Indenture Trustee for such creation, perfection and protection. The Issuer shall pay, or shall cause to be paid, all filing, registration and recording taxes and fees incident thereto, and all expenses, Taxes and other governmental charges incident to or in connection with the preparation, execution, authorization, delivery or acknowledgment of the recordable documents, any instruments of further assurance, and the Notes. 
 
 29 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 3.10. Agreements Not to Institute Bankruptcy Proceedings Additional Covenants. (a) The Issuer shall only voluntarily institute any Proceedings to adjudicate the Issuer as bankrupt or insolvent, consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency Proceedings against the Issuer, file a petition seeking or consenting to reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or State law relating to bankruptcy, consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or a substantial part of its property or admit its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due or authorize any of the foregoing to be done or taken on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Operating Agreement. 
 (b) So long as any of the Notes are Outstanding 
 (i) The Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes and each asset included in the Trust Estate. 
 (ii) The Issuer shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity or convey or transfer its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any entity unless (A) the entity (if other than the Issuer) formed or surviving such consolidation or merger, or that acquires by conveyance or transfer the properties and assets of the Issuer substantially as an entirety, shall be organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof as a special purpose bankruptcy remote entity, and shall expressly assume in form satisfactory to the Rating Agencies the obligation to make due and punctual payments of principal and interest on the Notes then Outstanding and the performance of every covenant on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed pursuant to this Indenture, (B) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default under this Indenture shall have occurred and be continuing, (C) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Rating Agencies and the Indenture Trustee an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer complies with this Indenture and (D) the Issuer shall have given prior written notice of such consolidation or merger to the Rating Agencies. 
 (iii) The funds and other assets of the Issuer shall not be commingled with those of any other Person except to the extent expressly permitted under the Transaction Documents. 
 (iv) The Issuer shall not be, become or hold itself out as being liable for the debts of any other Person. 
 (v) The Issuer shall not form, or cause to be formed, any subsidiaries. 
 (vi) The Issuer shall act solely in its own name and through its Authorized Officers or duly authorized agents in the conduct of its business, and shall conduct its business so as not to mislead others as to the identity of the entity with which they are concerned. The Issuer shall not have any employees other than the Authorized Officers of the Issuer. 
 30 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(vii) The Issuer shall maintain its records and books of account and shall not commingle its records and books of account with the records and books of account of any other Person. The books of the Issuer may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the applicable statutes) inside or outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Issuer Operating Agreement. 
 (viii) All actions of the Issuer shall be taken by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer (or any Person acting on behalf of the Issuer). 
 (ix) The Issuer shall not amend its certificate of formation (except as required under Delaware law) or the Issuer Operating Agreement, without first giving prior written notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies (a copy of which shall be provided to the Indenture Trustee). 
 (x) The Issuer maintains and will maintain the formalities of the form of its organization. 
 (xi) The annual financial statements of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries will disclose the effects of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in accordance with GAAP. Any consolidated financial statements which consolidate the assets and earnings of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor with those of the Issuer will contain a footnote to the effect that the assets of the Issuer will not be available to creditors of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor or any other Person other than creditors of the Issuer. The financial statements of the Issuer, if any, will disclose that the assets of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X and the Depositor are not available to pay creditors of the Issuer. 
 (xii) Other than certain costs and expenses related to the issuance of the Notes and pursuant to the Performance Guaranty, none of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor shall pay the Issuer's expenses, guarantee the Issuer's obligations or advance funds to the Issuer for payment of expenses except for costs and expenses for which Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or Depositor is required to make payments, in which case the Issuer will reimburse such Person for such payment. 
 (xiii) All business correspondences of the Issuer are and will be conducted in the Issuer's own name. 
 (xiv) Other than as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, none of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor acts or will act as agent of the Issuer and the Issuer does not and will not act as agent of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor. 
 (xv) Reserved . 
 (xvi) The Issuer shall not make any expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) to acquire capital assets (either realty or personalty) other than pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. 
 31 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(xvii) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of all Applicable Laws, the non-compliance with which would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Issuer. 
 (xviii) The Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly, (A) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, to any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or otherwise with respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuer, (B) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership or equity interest or security or (C) set aside or otherwise segregate any amounts for any such purpose provided, however , that the Issuer may make, or cause to be made, distributions to the Depositor as permitted by, and to the extent funds are available for such purpose under, this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents. The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from the Collection Account or any other Account except in accordance with this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents. 
 Section 3.11. Providing of Notice. (a) The Issuer, upon learning of any failure on the part of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Management, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor to observe or perform in any material respect any covenant, representation or warranty set forth in the Contribution Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, as applicable, or upon learning of any Default, Event of Default, Manager Termination Event or Servicer Termination Event, shall promptly notify, in writing, the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, Sunnova Management or Sunnova Energy, as applicable, of such failure or Default, Event of Default, Manager Termination Event or Servicer Termination Event. 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee, upon receiving written notice from the Issuer of the Performance Guarantor's failure to perform any covenant or obligation of the Performance Guarantor set forth in the Performance Guaranty, shall promptly notify, in writing, the Performance Guarantor of such failure. 
 
 32 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 3.12. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer . The Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders that as of the Closing Date and each Transfer Date 
 (a) The Issuer is duly formed and is validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with full power and authority to execute and deliver this Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party and to perform the terms and provisions hereof and thereof the Issuer is duly qualified to do business as a foreign business entity in good standing, and has obtained all required licenses and approvals, if any, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualifications except those jurisdictions in which failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the business or operations of the Issuer, the Trust Estate, the Noteholders or the Conveyed Property. 
 (b) All necessary action has been taken by the Issuer to authorize the Issuer, and the Issuer has full power and authority, to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and no consent or approval of any Person is required for the execution, delivery or performance by the Issuer of this Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party except for any consent or approval that has previously been obtained. 
 (c) This Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered, and the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Issuer and its performance and compliance with the terms hereof and thereof will not violate its certificate of formation or the Issuer Operating Agreement or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the breach of, any material contract or any other material agreement or instrument (including, without limitation, the Transaction Documents) to which the Issuer is a party or which may be applicable to the Issuer or any of its assets. 
 (d) This Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party constitute valid, legal and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). 
 (e) The Issuer is not in violation of, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Issuer will not constitute a violation with respect to, any order or decree of any court or any order, regulation or demand of any federal, State, municipal or governmental agency, which 
 33 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

violation might have consequences that would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Issuer. 
 (f) No Proceeding of any kind, including but not limited to litigation, arbitration, judicial or administrative, is pending or, to the Issuer's knowledge, threatened in writing against or contemplated by the Issuer which would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Issuer. 
 (g) Each of the representations and warranties of the Issuer set forth in the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Issuer Operating Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party is, as of the Closing Date, true and correct in all material respects. 
 (h) The Issuer has not incurred debt or engaged in activities not related to the transactions contemplated hereunder or under the Transaction Documents except as permitted by the Issuer Operating Agreement or Section 3.04. 
 (i) The Issuer is not insolvent and did not become insolvent as a result of the Grant pursuant to this Indenture the Issuer is not engaged and is not about to engage in any business or transaction for which any property remaining with the Issuer is unreasonably small capital or for which the remaining assets of the Issuer are unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Issuer or the transaction the Issuer does not intend to incur, and does not believe or reasonably should not have believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay as they become due and the Issuer has not made a transfer or incurred an obligation and does not intend to make such a transfer or incur such an obligation with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any entity to which the Issuer was or became, on or after the date that such transfer was made or such obligation was incurred, indebted. 
 (j) (i) Each transfer of the Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Contribution Agreement is an absolute transfer for legal purposes, (ii) the Grant of the Trust Estate by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of this Indenture is a pledge for financial accounting purposes, and (iii) the Notes will be treated by the Issuer as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In this regard, (i) the financial statements of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries will show (A) that the Conveyed Property is owned by such consolidated group and (B) that the Notes are indebtedness of the consolidated group (and will contain appropriate footnotes describing that the assets of the Issuer will not be available to creditors of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor or any other Person other than creditors of the Issuer), and (ii) the U.S. federal income Tax Returns of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries that are regarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes will indicate that the Notes are indebtedness. 
 (k) As of the Initial Cut-Off Date, the Aggregate Closing Date Solar Loan Balance is at least . 
 (l) The legal name of the Issuer is as set forth in this Indenture the Issuer has no trade names, fictitious names, assumed names or doing business as names. 
 (m) No item comprising the Conveyed Property has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by the Issuer to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee immediately prior to the pledge of the Conveyed Property to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture, the Issuer 
 34 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

was the sole owner thereof and had good and indefeasible title thereto, free of any Lien other than Permitted Liens. 
 (n) Upon the filing of the Perfection UCCs in accordance with applicable law, the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, shall have a first priority perfected Lien on the Conveyed Property and the other items comprising the Trust Estate and in the proceeds thereof, limited with respect to proceeds to the extent set forth in Section 9-315 of the UCC as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction, subject to Permitted Liens. All filings (including, without limitation, UCC filings) and other actions as are necessary in any jurisdiction to provide third parties with notice of and to document the transfer and assignment of the Trust Estate to the Issuer and to give the Indenture Trustee a first priority perfected Lien on the Trust Estate (subject to Permitted Liens), including delivery of the Custodian Files to the Custodian, and the payment of any fees, have been made or, with respect to Termination Statements, will be made within one Business Day of the Closing Date. 
 (o) None of the absolute transfers of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova ABS Holdings X pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, the absolute transfers of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova ABS Holdings X to the Depositor pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, the absolute transfers of the Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, or the Grant by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture is subject to the bulk transfer or any similar statutory provisions in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 (p) The Issuer is not, and after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Offering Circular will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the 1940 Act. In making this determination, the Issuer is relying primarily on the exclusion from the definition of investment company contained in Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the 1940 Act, although additional exclusions or exemptions may be available to the Issuer at the Closing Date or in the future. 
 (q) The Issuer is being structured so as not to constitute a covered fund for purposes of Section 619 of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, based on its current interpretations. 
 (r) The principal place of business and the chief executive office of the Issuer are located in the State of Texas and the jurisdiction of organization of the Issuer is the State of Delaware, and there are no other such locations. 
 (s) Representations and warranties regarding the Lien and Custodian Files in each case, made as of the Closing Date and each Transfer Date 
 (i) The Grant contained in the Granting Clause of this Indenture creates a valid and continuing Lien on the Conveyed Property in favor of the Indenture Trustee, which Lien is prior to all other Liens arising under the UCC (other than Permitted Liens), and is enforceable as such against creditors of the Issuer, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors' rights and remedies generally, and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). 
 35 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) The Issuer has taken all steps necessary to perfect its ownership interest in the Solar Loans. 
 (iii) The Solar Loan Agreements related to the Solar Loans constitute either accounts , chattel paper , electronic chattel paper , instruments or general intangibles within the meaning of the applicable UCC. The PV Systems and Energy Storage Systems constitute Equipment within the meaning of the UCC. 
 (iv) The Issuer owns and has good and marketable title to the Conveyed Property free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person, other than Permitted Liens. 
 (v) The Issuer has caused or will have caused, within ten days of the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the Lien on the Conveyed Property granted to the Indenture Trustee hereunder. 
 (vi) The Issuer has received a Closing Date Certification on the Closing Date and a Transfer Date Certification on each Transfer Date from the Custodian which certifies that the Custodian is holding the Custodian Files that evidence the Solar Loans in the Electronic Vault for the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
 (vii) Other than Permitted Liens, the Issuer has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a Lien on, or otherwise conveyed any portion of the Trust Estate. The Issuer has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Issuer that include a description of collateral covering any portion of the Trust Estate other than any financing statement relating to the security interest granted to the Indenture Trustee hereunder or that have been terminated. The Issuer is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Issuer, except with respect to tax liens for amounts which have already been paid. 
 (viii) Except as permitted or required by the Transaction Documents no portion of any Solar Loan Agreement has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee, except for notations relating to Liens released prior to the pledge of the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee. 
 The foregoing representations and warranties in Section 3.12(s)(i) (viii) shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be waived or amended until the Notes are paid in full or otherwise released or discharged except in accordance with this Indenture. 
 
 36 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 3.13. Representations and Warranties of the Indenture Trustee . The Indenture Trustee hereby represents and warrants to the Rating Agencies and the Noteholders that as of the Closing Date 
 (a) The Indenture Trustee has been duly organized and is validly existing as a national banking association 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee has full power and authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party 
 (c) This Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Indenture Trustee and constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Indenture Trustee, enforceable against the Indenture Trustee in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or similar laws affecting creditors' or creditors of banks' rights and or remedies generally or by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is sought in a Proceeding in equity or at law) 
 (d) The execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Indenture Trustee will not constitute a violation with respect to any order or decree of any court or any order, regulation or demand of any federal, State, municipal or governmental agency binding on the Indenture Trustee or such of its property which is material to it, which violation might have consequences that would materially and adversely affect the performance of its duties under this Indenture 
 (e) The execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Indenture Trustee do not require any approval or consent of any Person, do not conflict with the Articles of Association and Bylaws of the Indenture Trustee, and do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach which would constitute a material default under any agreement applicable to it or such of its property which is material to it and 
 (f) No Proceeding of any kind, including but not limited to litigation, arbitration, judicial or administrative, is pending or, to the Indenture Trustee's knowledge, threatened against or contemplated by the Indenture Trustee which would have a reasonable likelihood of having an adverse effect on the execution, delivery, performance or enforceability of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party by or against the Indenture Trustee. 
 
 37 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 3.14. Knowledge. Any references herein to the knowledge, discovery or learning of the Issuer, the Servicer, or the Manager shall mean and refer to an Authorized Officer of the Issuer, the Servicer or the Manager, as applicable. 
 Article IV Management, Administration and Servicing of Solar Loans 
 Section 4.01. Management Agreement Servicing Agreement . (a) The Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, duly executed counterparts of which have been received by the Indenture Trustee, set forth the covenants and obligations of the Manager and Servicer, respectively, with respect to the Trust Estate and other matters addressed in the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, and reference is hereby made to the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement for a detailed statement of said covenants and obligations of the Manager and the Servicer thereunder. The Issuer agrees that the Indenture Trustee, in its name or (to the extent required by law) in the name of the Issuer, may (but is not, unless so directed and indemnified by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, required to) enforce all rights of the Issuer under the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement for and on behalf of the Noteholders whether or not a Default has occurred and has not been waived. 
 (b) Promptly following a request from the Indenture Trustee (acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class) to do so, the Issuer shall take all such commercially reasonable lawful action as the Indenture Trustee may request to compel or secure the performance and observance by the Manager and the Servicer of each of their respective obligations to the Issuer and with respect to the Trust Estate under or in connection with the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, in accordance with the terms thereof, and in effecting such request shall exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges lawfully available to the Issuer under or in connection with the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement to the extent and in the manner directed by the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, the transmission of notices of default on the part of the Manager and the Servicer thereunder and the institution of Proceedings to compel or secure performance by the Manager and the Servicer of each of their respective obligations under the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. 
 (c) The Issuer shall not waive any default by the Manager under the Management Agreement or by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement without the written consent of the Indenture Trustee (which shall be given at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class). 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee does not assume any duty or obligation of the Issuer under the Management Agreement or the Servicing Agreement, and the rights given to the Indenture Trustee thereunder are subject to the provisions of Article VII. 
 (e) The Issuer has not and will not provide any payment instructions to any Obligor that are inconsistent with the Management Agreement or the Servicing Agreement. 
 (f) With respect to the Servicer's obligations under Section 6.3 of the Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall not have any responsibility to the Issuer, the Servicer or any party hereunder to make any inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation in 
 38 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

respect of, the terms of any engagement of Independent Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider by the Servicer provided, however , that the Indenture Trustee shall be authorized, upon receipt of written direction from the Servicer directing the Indenture Trustee, to execute any acknowledgment or other agreement with the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider required for the Indenture Trustee to receive any of the reports or instructions provided for herein, which acknowledgment or agreement may include, among other things, (i) acknowledgement that the Servicer has agreed that the procedures to be performed by the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider are sufficient for the Issuer's purposes, (ii) acknowledgment that the Indenture Trustee has agreed that the procedures to be performed by the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider are sufficient for the Indenture Trustee's purposes and that the Indenture Trustee's purposes is limited solely to receipt of the report, (iii) releases by the Indenture Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Noteholders) of claims against the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider and acknowledgement of other limitations of liability in favor of the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider, and (iv) restrictions or prohibitions on the disclosure of information or documents provided to it by the Independent Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider (including to the Noteholders). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be required to execute any agreement in respect of the Independent Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider that the Indenture Trustee determines adversely affects it in its individual capacity or which is in a form that is not reasonably acceptable to the Indenture Trustee. 
 (g) In the event such Independent Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider require the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer or the Transition Manager to agree to the procedures to be performed by such firm in any of the reports required to be prepared pursuant to Section 4.01(f), the Servicer shall direct the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer or the Transition Manager in writing to so agree it being understood and agreed that the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer or the Transition Manager will deliver such letter of agreement in conclusive reliance upon the direction of the Servicer, and the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer or the Transition Manager has not made any independent inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation or liability in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such procedures. The Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer or the Transition Manager shall not be liable for any claims, liabilities or expenses relating to such accountants' engagement or any report issued in connection with such engagement, and the dissemination of any such report is subject to the written consent of the accountants. 
 
 39 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Article V Accounts, Collections, Payments of Interest and Principal, Releases, and Statements to Noteholders 
 Section 5.01. Accounts . (a)(i) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to open and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, an Eligible Account (the Collection Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Collection Account shall initially be established with the Indenture Trustee. 
 (ii) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to open and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, an Eligible Account (the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Equipment Replacement Reserve Account shall initially be established with the Indenture Trustee. 
 (iii) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to open and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, an Eligible Account (the Reserve Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Reserve Account shall initially be established with the Indenture Trustee. 
 (iv) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to open and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, an Eligible Account (the Section 25D Interest Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Section 25D Interest Account shall initially be established with the Indenture Trustee. 
 (v) Sunnova Energy has established and maintains an Eligible Account (the Obligor Security Deposit Account ). 
 (b) Funds on deposit in the Collection Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account shall be invested by the Indenture Trustee (or any custodian with respect to funds on deposit in any such account) in Eligible Investments selected in writing by the Servicer (pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise). All such Eligible Investments shall be held by or on behalf of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
 (c) All investment earnings of moneys pursuant to Section 5.01(b) deposited into the Collection Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account shall be deposited (or caused to be deposited) by the Indenture Trustee into the Collection Account, and any loss resulting from such investments shall be charged to such Account. No investment of any amount held in any of the Collection Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account shall mature later than the Business Day immediately preceding the Payment Date which is scheduled to occur immediately following the date of investment. The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will not direct the Indenture Trustee to make any investment of any funds 
 40 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

held in any of the Accounts unless the security interest Granted and perfected in such account will continue to be perfected in such investment, in either case without any further action by any Person. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in any of the Accounts resulting from any loss on any Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the Indenture Trustee's negligence or bad faith or its failure to make payments on such Eligible Investments issued by the Indenture Trustee, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as Indenture Trustee, in accordance with their terms. 
 (e) Funds on deposit in any Account shall remain uninvested if (i) the Servicer shall have failed to give investment directions in writing for any funds on deposit in any Account (other than the Lockbox Account) to the Indenture Trustee by 1 00 p.m. Eastern time (or such other time as may be agreed by the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee) on the Business Day on which such investment is to be made or (ii) based on the actual knowledge of, or receipt of written notice by, a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee, a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes but the Notes shall not have been declared due and payable, or, if such Notes shall have been declared due and payable following an Event of Default, amounts collected or receivable from the Trust Estate are being applied as if there had not been such a declaration. 
 (f) Reserved . 
 (g) (i) The Indenture Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds on deposit from time to time in the Accounts and in all proceeds thereof (including, without limitation, all investment earnings on the Collection Account) and all such funds, investments, proceeds and income shall be part of the Trust Estate. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Accounts shall be under the control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC to the extent such account is a deposit account and Section 8-106 of the UCC to the extent such account is a securities account) of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. If, at any time, any of the Accounts (other than the Lockbox Account) ceases to be an Eligible Account, the Indenture Trustee (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall within five Business Days (or such longer period as to which the Rating Agencies may consent) establish a new Account as an Eligible Account and shall transfer any cash and or any investments to such new Account. The Servicer agrees that, in the event that any of the Accounts or the Obligor Security Deposit Account are not accounts with the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer shall notify the Indenture Trustee in writing promptly upon any of such Accounts or the Obligor Security Deposit Account ceasing to be an Eligible Account. 
 (ii) With respect to the Account Property (other than with respect to the Lockbox Account), the Indenture Trustee agrees that 
 (A) any Account Property that is held in deposit accounts shall be held solely in Eligible Accounts and, except as otherwise provided herein, each such Eligible Account shall be subject to the exclusive custody and control of the Indenture Trustee, and the Indenture Trustee shall have sole signature authority with respect thereto 
 (B) any Account Property that constitutes physical property shall be delivered to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with paragraph (i)(A) or (i)(B), 
 41 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

as applicable, of the definition of Delivery and shall be held, pending maturity or disposition, solely by the Indenture Trustee or a securities intermediary (as such term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC) acting solely for the Indenture Trustee 
 (C) any Account Property that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to federal book-entry regulations shall be delivered in accordance with paragraph (i)(C) or (i)(E), as applicable, of the definition of Delivery and shall be maintained by the Indenture Trustee, pending maturity or disposition, through continued book-entry registration of such Account Property as described in such paragraph 
 (D) any Account Property that is an uncertificated security under Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed by clause (C) above shall be delivered to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with paragraph (i)(D) of the definition of Delivery and shall be maintained by the Indenture Trustee, pending maturity or disposition, through continued registration of the Indenture Trustee's (or its nominee's) ownership of such security 
 (E) the Servicer shall have the power, revocable by the Indenture Trustee upon the occurrence of a Servicer Event of Default, to instruct the Indenture Trustee to make withdrawals and payments from the Accounts for the purpose of permitting the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee to carry out their respective duties hereunder and 
 (F) any Account held by it hereunder shall be maintained as a securities account as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in New York (the New York UCC ), and that it shall be acting as a securities intermediary for the Indenture Trustee itself as the entitlement holder (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(7) of the New York UCC) with respect to each such Account. The parties hereto agree that each Account shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, and regardless of any provision in any other agreement, the securities intermediary's jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the New York UCC) shall be the State of New York. The Indenture Trustee acknowledges and agrees that (1) each item of property (whether investment property, financial asset, security, instrument or cash) credited to the Accounts shall be treated as a financial asset within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the New York UCC and (2) notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if at any time the Indenture Trustee shall receive any order from the Indenture Trustee (in its capacity as securities intermediary) directing transfer or redemption of any financial asset relating to the Accounts, the Indenture Trustee shall comply with such entitlement order without further consent by the Issuer, or any other person. In the event of any conflict of any provision of this Section 5.01(g)(ii)(F) with any other provision of this Indenture or any other agreement or document, the provisions of this Section 5.01(g)(ii)(F) shall prevail. 
 
 42 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.02. Equipment Replacement Reserve Account . (a)(i) On each Payment Date, to the extent of Available Funds and in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments, the Indenture Trustee shall, based on the Monthly Servicer Report, deposit into the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account an amount equal to the Equipment Replacement Reserve Deposit. 
 (ii) The Indenture Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Officer's Certificate of the Manager (x)(A) certifying that it has replaced an Inverter that no longer has the benefit of a Manufacturer Warranty and (B) requesting reimbursement for the cost of such Inverter replacement, withdraw from funds on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and remit to the Manager, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the cost of the new Inverter paid by the Manager (inclusive of labor costs) and (ii) the amount on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account or (y)(A) certifying that it has replaced an Energy Storage System (or component thereof) that no longer has the benefit of a Manufacturer Warranty and (B) requesting reimbursement for the cost of such Energy Storage System (or component thereof), withdraw from funds on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and remit to the Manager, an amount equal to the lesser (i) the cost of the new Energy Storage System (or component thereof) paid by the Manager (inclusive of labor costs) and (ii) the excess, if any, of (a) the amount on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account over (b) the amount described in clause (a) of the definition of Equipment Replacement Reserve Required Balance. Upon either such request, the Indenture Trustee shall promptly withdraw such amount from the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account (to the extent it has been funded as of such date) and transfer such amount to the Manager's account specified in the related Officer's Certificate and if no such funds are on deposit, then from the Collection Account in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
 (iii) On any date that the amount on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account exceeds the Equipment Replacement Reserve Required Balance, such amount of excess will be deposited into the Collection Account on the related Payment Date as set forth in the related Monthly Servicer Report and will be part of the Available Funds distributed according to the Priority of Payments for such Payment Date. 
 (iv) On each Payment Date, if the amount of Available Funds (after giving effect to all amounts deposited into the Collection Account from the Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account) is less than the amount necessary to make the distributions described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the Priority of Payments, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the amount on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and (B) the amount of such insufficiency, shall be withdrawn from the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and deposited into the Collection Account to be used as Available Funds. 
 (v) All amounts on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account shall be withdrawn and deposited into the Collection Account on the earliest of (i) the Rated Final Maturity, (ii) a Voluntary Prepayment Date in connection with a Voluntary Prepayment in whole and (iii) the Payment Date on which the balance in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account and all other Available Funds, equals or exceeds the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance of the Notes, all unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, accrued and unpaid interest (including any Deferred Interest Amounts and Post-ARD 
 43 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Additional Interest Amounts) on the Notes and the fees, expenses and indemnities due to the Indenture Trustee, the Custodian, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, Transition Manager, Replacement Manager and the Replacement Servicer pursuant to Section 5.07. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 5.02(a), in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited to the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Issuer may deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank in an amount equal to the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account Required Balance provided that any Equipment Replacement Reserve Deposit required to be made after the replacement of amounts on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account with the Letter of Credit shall be made in deposits to the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account as provided in the Priority of Payments or pursuant to an increase in the Letter of Credit, or addition of another Letter of Credit. The Letter of Credit shall be held as an asset of the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and valued for purposes of determining the amount on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account as the amount then available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit. Any references in the Transaction Documents to amounts on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account shall include the value of the Letter of Credit unless specifically excluded. If the amounts on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account are represented by a Letter of Credit, the Indenture Trustee shall be required to submit the drawing documents to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank to draw the full stated amount of the Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds therefrom in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account in the following circumstances (i) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, to withdraw funds from the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account for any reason (ii) upon direction, if the Letter of Credit is scheduled to expire in accordance with its terms and has not been extended or replaced with a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank by the date that is ten days prior to the expiration date or (iii) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Issuer, the Manager or the Majority Noteholders, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate stating that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank. Any drawing on the Letter of Credit may be reimbursed by the Issuer only from amounts remitted to the Issuer pursuant to clauses (xix) or (xx) of the Priority of Payments. 
 
 44 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.03. Reserve Account . (a) On the Closing Date, the Issuer shall deposit or cause to be deposited the Reserve Account Required Balance into the Reserve Account. 
 (b) As described in the Priority of Payments, to the extent of Available Funds, the Indenture Trustee shall, on each Payment Date, deposit Available Funds into the Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein shall equal the Reserve Account Required Balance. 
 (c) On the Business Day prior to each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall, based on the Monthly Servicer Report, transfer funds on deposit in the Reserve Account into the Collection Account to the extent that the amount on deposit in the Collection Account as of such Payment Date is less than the amount necessary to make the distributions described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the Priority of Payments. If the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account exceeds the Reserve Account Required Balance on any Payment Date during a Regular Amortization Period, the amount of such excess will be transferred into the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account. If the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account exceeds the Reserve Account Required Balance on any Payment Date during a Sequential Amortization Period, the amount of such excess will be transferred into the Collection Account and will be part of the Available Funds distributed pursuant to the Priority of Payments for such Payment Date. 
 (d) All amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account shall be withdrawn and deposited into the Collection Account on the earliest of (i) the Rated Final Maturity, (ii) upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, (iii) a Voluntary Prepayment Date in connection with a Voluntary Prepayment in whole and (iv) the Payment Date on which the balance in the Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account and the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and all other Available Funds, equals or exceeds the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance of the Notes, unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, accrued and unpaid interest (including any Deferred Interest Amounts and Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts) on the Notes and the fees, expenses and indemnities due to the Indenture Trustee, the Custodian, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, Transition Manager, Replacement Manager and the Replacement Servicer pursuant to Section 5.07. 
 (e) Notwithstanding Sections 5.03(a) and 5.03(b), in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited to the Reserve Account, the Issuer may deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank in an amount equal to the Reserve Account Required Balance provided that any deposit into the Reserve Account required to be made after the replacement of amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account with the Letter of Credit shall be made in deposits to the Reserve Account as provided in the Priority of Payments or pursuant to an increase in the Letter of Credit, or addition of another Letter of Credit. The Letter of Credit shall be held as an asset of the Reserve Account and valued for purposes of determining the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account as the amount then available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit. Any references in the Transaction Documents to amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account shall include the value of the Letter of Credit unless specifically excluded. If the amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account are represented by a Letter of Credit, the Indenture Trustee shall be required to submit the drawing documents to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank to draw the full stated amount of the Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds therefrom in the Reserve Account in the following circumstances (i) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, to withdraw funds from the Reserve Account for any reason (ii) upon direction, if the Letter of Credit is scheduled to expire in accordance with its terms and has not been extended or replaced with a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible 
 45 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Letter of Credit Bank by the date that is ten days prior to the expiration date or (iii) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Issuer, the Servicer or the Majority Noteholders, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate stating that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank. Any drawing on the Letter of Credit may be reimbursed by the Issuer only from amounts remitted to the Issuer pursuant to clauses (xix) or (xx) of the Priority of Payments. 
 Section 5.04. Section 25D Interest Account . (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause to be deposited into the Section 25D Interest Account an amount equal to the Section 25D Interest Account Required Amount for the Closing Date. On each Transfer Date, with respect to any Qualified Substitute Solar Loan that is a Section 25D Easy Own Plan Solar Loan, the Issuer shall deposit or require the Depositor to deposit into the Section 25D Interest Account an amount equal to the related Section 25D Interest Amount (in addition to any required Substitution Shortfall Amount). 
 (b) On each Payment Date, if the amount of Available Funds (after giving effect to all amounts deposited to the Collection Account from the Reserve Account) is less than the amount necessary to make the distributions described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the Priority of Payments, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the amount on deposit in the Section 25D Interest Account and (B) the amount of such insufficiency, shall be withdrawn from the Section 25D Interest Account and deposited into the Collection Account to be used as Available Funds. 
 (c) On any date that the amount on deposit in the Section 25D Interest Account exceeds the Section 25D Interest Account Required Amount as of such date, such amount of excess shall be deposited into the Collection Account and will be part of the Available Funds distributed according to the Priority of Payments. 
 (d) All amounts on deposit in the Section 25D Interest Account shall be withdrawn and deposited into the Collection Account on the earliest of (i) the Rated Final Maturity, (ii) the acceleration of the Notes following an Event of Default, (iii) a Voluntary Prepayment Date in connection with a Voluntary Prepayment in whole and (iv) the Payment Date on which the balance in the Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and all other Available Funds, equals or exceeds the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance of the Notes, all unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, accrued and unpaid interest (including any Deferred Interest Amounts and Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts) on the Notes and the fees, expenses and indemnities due to the Indenture Trustee, the Custodian, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, Transition Manager, Replacement Manager and the Replacement Servicer pursuant to Section 5.07. 
 46 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.05. Reserved . 
 Section 5.06. Collection Account. (a) On the Closing Date and each Transfer Date, the Issuer shall cause to be deposited to the Collection Account all collections received in respect of the Initial Solar Loans and the Qualified Substitute Solar Loans, respectively, since the applicable Cut-Off Date. On each Business Day, the Issuer shall cause to be deposited into the Collection Account all amounts in the Lockbox Account (other than the Lockbox Account Retained Balance or Merchant Processing Amounts) from Obligors or otherwise in respect of the Conveyed Property (other than Obligor Security Deposits received from an Obligor, which will be deposited by the Servicer into the Obligor Security Deposit Account, and amounts received relating to Grid Services). The Issuer shall cause all other amounts required to be deposited therein pursuant to the Transaction Documents, to be deposited within one Business Day of receipt thereof. The Indenture Trustee shall provide or make available electronically (or upon written request, by first class mail or facsimile) monthly statements on all amounts received in the Collection Account to the Issuer and the Servicer. 
 (b) The Servicer will be entitled to be reimbursed from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account with respect to a Collection Period for amounts previously deposited into the Collection Account but later determined by the Servicer to have resulted from mistaken deposits or postings or checks returned for insufficient funds. The amount to be reimbursed hereunder shall be paid to the Servicer on the related Payment Date upon certification by the Servicer of such amounts provided, however , that the Servicer must provide such certification prior to the Determination Date immediately following such mistaken deposit, posting or returned check or costs and expenses, as applicable. 
 (c) In accordance with the Servicing Agreement, upon written direction from the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee shall, if such direction is received on or prior to each Determination Date, withdraw from the Collection Account and remit to the Servicer, amounts specified by the Servicer as required to be paid by the Issuer before the next Payment Date in respect of sales, use and property taxes. 
 (d) In accordance with Section 6.01(b) hereof, upon written direction from the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee shall withdraw the partial Voluntary Prepayment from the Collection Account on the related Voluntary Prepayment Date and distribute the same in accordance with such written direction. 
 (e) In accordance with the Account Control Agreement, to the extent that the balances on deposit in the Lockbox Account are insufficient to reimburse the Lockbox Bank for any Returned Items or Settlement Items (each as defined in the Account Control Agreement), upon demand from the Lockbox Bank of the reimbursement amount (with confirmation from the Servicer), the Indenture Trustee shall, upon written direction from the Servicer, withdraw from the Collection Account and remit to the Lockbox Bank the lesser of collected funds that are cleared funds on deposit in the Collection Account and such reimbursement amount. 
 
 47 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.07. Distribution of Funds in the Collection Account. (a) So long as no Acceleration Event shall have occurred and is continuing, on each Payment Date, Available Funds shall be distributed by the Indenture Trustee, based solely on the information set forth in the related Monthly Servicer Report, in the following order and priority of payments (the Priority of Payments 
 (i) (A) to the Indenture Trustee, (1) the Indenture Trustee Fee for such Payment Date and (2)(x) any accrued and unpaid Indenture Trustee Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus (y) out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Indenture Trustee incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under the Indenture (B) to the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager, (1) the Backup Servicing and Transition Manager Fee for such Payment Date and (2)(x) any accrued and unpaid Backup Servicing and Transition Manager Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus (y) Backup Servicer Expenses and Transition Manager Expenses and (C) to the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager, any accrued and unpaid transition costs provided, that unless an Event of Default of the type described in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (l) of the definition thereof has occurred and is continuing, the aggregate payments to the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager as reimbursement for clauses (A)(2)(y) and (B)(2)(y) will be limited to per calendar year provided, further that the aggregate payments to the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager as reimbursement for clause (C) will be limited to per transition occurrence and in the aggregate 
 (ii) on a pari passu basis, (A) to the Manager, the Manager Fee for such Payment Date, plus any accrued and unpaid Manager Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates and (B) to the Servicer, the Servicer Fee for such Payment Date, plus any accrued and unpaid Servicer Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates 
 (iii) to the Custodian, the Custodian Fee, plus any accrued and unpaid Custodian Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus certain extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Custodian incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under the Custodial Agreement provided , that payments to the Custodian as reimbursement for any such expenses and indemnities will be limited to per calendar year as long as no Event of Default has occurred and the Notes have not been accelerated, pursuant to this Indenture 
 (iv) to the Class A Noteholders, the Interest Distribution Amount for such Class and such Payment Date 
 (v) to the Class B Noteholders, the Interest Distribution Amount for such Class and such Payment Date 
 (vi) to the Class C Noteholders, the Interest Distribution Amount for such Class and such Payment Date 
 (vii) to the Manager, an amount equal to the sum of the cost of purchasing any replacement Inverters or Energy Storage Systems that do not have the benefit of a Manufacturer Warranty, to the extent such costs are incurred by the Manager but not reimbursed from the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account 
 48 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(viii) to the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Deposit 
 (ix) (a) during a Regular Amortization Period on any Payment Date prior to the Anticipated Repayment Date, (1) to the Class A Noteholders, the Deferred Interest Amount for such Class until such Deferred Interest Amount is reduced to zero, (2) to the Class B Noteholders, the Deferred Interest Amount for such Class until such Deferred Interest Amount is reduced to zero, (3) to the Class C Noteholders, the Deferred Interest Amount for such Class until such Deferred Interest Amount is reduced to zero and (4) to the Class A Noteholders, Class B Noteholders and Class C Noteholders, the Principal Distribution Amount, pro rata based on their Percentage Interests and (b) during a Sequential Amortization Period or any Payment Date after the Anticipated Repayment Date, (1) to the Class A Noteholders, the Deferred Interest Amount for such Class until such Deferred Interest Amount is reduced to zero, (2) the Principal Distribution Amount to the Class A Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes is reduced to zero, (3) to the Class B Noteholders, the Deferred Interest Amount for such Class until such Deferred Interest Amount is reduced to zero, (4) the Principal Distribution Amount to the Class B Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero, (5) to the Class C Noteholders, the Deferred Interest Amount for such Class until such Deferred Interest Amount is reduced to zero and (6) the Principal Distribution Amount to the Class C Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class C Notes is reduced to zero 
 (x) during a Regular Amortization Period, the Extra Principal Distribution Amount to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders and the Class C Noteholders pro rata based on their Percentage Interests until the Outstanding Note Balance of each Class of Notes is reduced to zero 
 (xi) to the Reserve Account, the amount, if any, necessary to increase the balance thereof to the Reserve Account Required Balance for such Payment Date 
 (xii) to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders and the Class C Noteholders, in that order, reimbursement of any unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts applied on prior Payment Dates 
 (xiii) to the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer and Transition Manager, any remaining accrued but unpaid expense reimbursements and indemnities then due such parties and not paid pursuant to clause (i) above, to be paid pro rata based upon the amounts due to each such party 
 (xiv) to the Custodian, any extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Custodian incurred and not reimbursed in connection with the obligations and duties under the Custodial Agreement, to the extent not paid in accordance with clause (iii) above 
 (xv) on a pari passu basis, (A) to the Manager, any Manager Extraordinary Expenses not previously paid and (B) to the Servicer, any Servicer Extraordinary Expenses not previously paid 
 (xvi) first to the Class A Noteholders, second to the Class B Noteholders and third to the Class C Noteholders, their respective Make Whole Amount, if any 
 49 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(xvii) first to the Class A Noteholders, second to the Class B Noteholders and third to the Class C Noteholder, their respective Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts and Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts due on such Payment Date, if any 
 (xviii) to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders and the Class C Noteholders, any Voluntary Prepayment, as applicable 
 (xix) to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank or other party as directed by the Manager (a) any fees and expenses related to the Letter of Credit and (b) any amounts which have been drawn under the Letter of Credit and any interest due thereon and 
 (xx) to or at the direction of the Issuer, any remaining Available Funds. 
 (b) If an Acceleration Event shall have occurred and is continuing, any money collected by the Indenture Trustee in respect of the Trust Estate and any other money that may be held thereafter by the Indenture Trustee as security for the Notes, including, without limitation, the amounts on deposit in the Lockbox Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account and the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account shall be applied, based on the Monthly Servicer Report, in the following order on each Payment Date (the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments 
 (i) (A) to the Indenture Trustee, (1) the Indenture Trustee Fee for such Payment Date and (2)(x) any accrued and unpaid Indenture Trustee Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus (y) out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Indenture Trustee incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under the Indenture (B) to the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager, (1) the Backup Servicing and Transition Manager Fee for such Payment Date and (2)(x) any accrued and unpaid Backup Servicing and Transition Manager Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus (y) Transition Manager Expenses and Backup Servicer Expenses, as applicable and (C) to the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager, any accrued and unpaid transition costs 
 (ii) on a pari passu basis, (A) to the Manager, the Manager Fee for such Payment Date, plus any accrued and unpaid Manager Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates and (B) to the Servicer, the Servicer Fee for such Payment Date, plus any accrued and unpaid Servicer Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates 
 (iii) to the Custodian, the Custodian Fee, plus any accrued and unpaid Custodian Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus certain extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Custodian incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under the Custodial Agreement 
 (iv) to the Class A Noteholders, the Interest Distribution Amount for such Class and such Payment Date 
 (v) to the Class A Noteholders, all remaining amounts until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes is reduced to zero and all Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, Deferred Interest Amounts, Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts and Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts applied to the Class A Notes have been reimbursed with interest at the Note Rate for such Class A Notes 
 50 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(vi) to the Class B Noteholders, the Interest Distribution Amount for such Class and such Payment Date 
 (vii) to the Class B Noteholders, all remaining amounts until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero and all Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, Deferred Interest Amounts, Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts and Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts applied to the Class B Notes have been reimbursed with interest at the Note Rate for such Class B Notes 
 (viii) to the Class C Noteholders, the Interest Distribution Amount for such Class and such Payment Date 
 (ix) to the Class C Noteholders, all remaining amounts until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class C Notes is reduced to zero and all Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, Deferred Interest Amounts, Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts and Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts applied to the Class C Notes have been reimbursed with interest at the Note Rate for such Class C Notes 
 (x) to the Manager, an amount equal to the sum of the cost of purchasing any replacement Inverters or Energy Storage Systems that do not have the benefit of a Manufacturer Warranty, to the extent such costs are incurred by the Manager but not reimbursed from the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account 
 (xi) on a pari passu basis, (A) to the Manager, any Manager Extraordinary Expenses not previously paid and (B) to the Servicer, any Servicer Extraordinary Expenses not previously paid 
 (xii) to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank or other party as directed by the Manager (a) any fees and expenses related to the Letter of Credit and (b) any amounts which have been drawn under the Letter of Credit and any interest due thereon and 
 (xiii) to or at the direction of the Issuer, any remaining Available Funds. 
 
 51 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.08. Equity Cure. Sunnova Energy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, remit amounts to the Collection Account to cure an anticipated shortfall of any amounts required to be paid by the Borrower pursuant to the Priority of Payments provided that (i) such deposits shall not exceed, cumulatively and in the aggregate for all Payment Dates, 15 of the aggregate Initial Outstanding Note Balance of the Notes and (ii) no more than one such remittance may be made in any twelve month period (each such payment by Sunnova Energy, a Permitted Equity Cure Payment ). In the event that Sunnova Energy elects to make a Permitted Equity Cure Payment, Sunnova Energy shall notify the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer and the Servicer of such election on or prior to the date that is not later than three Business Days prior to the related Determination Date. 
 
 Section 5.09. Note Payments . (a) The Indenture Trustee shall pay from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account in accordance with the Monthly Servicer Report and the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, to each Noteholder of record as of the related Record Date either (i) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds to the account of such Noteholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Noteholder shall have provided to the Indenture Trustee appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to the related Payment Date (which instructions may remain in effect for subsequent Payment Dates unless revoked by such Noteholder), or (ii) if not, by check mailed to such Noteholder at the address of such Noteholder appearing in the Note Register, the amounts to be paid to such Noteholder pursuant to such Noteholder's Notes provided, however , that so long as the Notes are registered in the name of the Securities Depository such payments shall be made to the nominee thereof in immediately available funds. 
 (b) In the event that any withholding Tax is imposed on the Issuer's payment (or allocations of income) to a Noteholder, such withholding Tax shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable to the Noteholder in accordance with this Indenture. The Indenture Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to retain from amounts otherwise distributable to the Noteholders sufficient funds for the payment of any withholding Tax that is legally owed by the Issuer as instructed by the Servicer, in writing in a Monthly Servicer Report (but such authorization shall not prevent the Indenture Trustee from contesting at the expense of the applicable Noteholder any such withholding Tax in appropriate Proceedings, and withholding payment of such withholding Tax, if permitted by law, pending the outcome of such Proceedings). The amount of any withholding Tax imposed with respect to a Noteholder shall be treated as cash distributed to such Noteholder at the time it is withheld by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee (at the direction of the Servicer or the Issuer) and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. If there is a withholding Tax payable with respect to a distribution (such as a distribution to a non-U.S. Noteholder), the Indenture Trustee may in its sole discretion withhold such amounts in accordance with this clause (b). In the event that a Noteholder wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding Tax, the Indenture Trustee shall reasonably cooperate with such Noteholder in making such claim so long as such Noteholder agrees to reimburse the Indenture Trustee for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred. 
 (c) Each Noteholder and Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note, will be deemed to have consented to the provisions of the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable. 
 52 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(d) For all Tax purposes, each Noteholder and each Note Owner (other than to an Affiliate of Sunnova Energy that is disregarded as separate from Sunnova Energy for U.S. federal income tax purposes), by its acceptance of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to, and hereby instructs the Indenture Trustee to, treat the Notes as indebtedness. 
 (e) Each Noteholder and each Note Owner by its acceptance of a Note or an interest in a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to provide the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer, upon request, with the Noteholder Tax Identification Information and, to the extent FATCA Withholding Tax is applicable, the Noteholder FATCA Information. Each Noteholder and Note Owner shall update or replace its previously provided Noteholder Tax Identification Information and Noteholder FATCA Information promptly if requested by the Indenture Trustee provided that nothing herein shall require the Indenture Trustee to make such request. In addition, each Noteholder and each Note Owner will be deemed to agree that the Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold from any amount of interest or other amounts (without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the foregoing requirements. The Issuer hereby covenants with the Indenture Trustee that the Issuer will cooperate with the Indenture Trustee in obtaining sufficient information so as to enable the Indenture Trustee to (i) determine whether or not the Indenture Trustee is obliged to make any withholding, including FATCA Withholding Tax, in respect of any payments with respect to a Note and (ii) to effectuate any such withholding. The parties agree that the Indenture Trustee shall be released of any liability arising from properly complying with this Section 5.09 and FATCA. The Issuer agrees to provide to the Indenture Trustee copies of any Noteholder Tax Identification Information and any Noteholder FATCA Information received by the Issuer from any Noteholder or Note Owner. Upon reasonable request from the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer will provide such additional information that it may have to assist the Indenture Trustee in making any withholdings or informational reports. 
 Section 5.10. Statements to Noteholders Tax Returns . Within the time period required by Applicable Law after the end of each calendar year, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to furnish to each Person who at any time during such calendar year was a Noteholder of record and received any payment thereon any information required by the Code to enable such Noteholders to prepare their U.S. federal and state income Tax Returns. The obligation of the Indenture Trustee set forth in this paragraph shall be deemed to have been satisfied to the extent that information shall be provided by the Indenture Trustee, in the form of Form 1099 or other comparable form, pursuant to any requirements of the Code. 
 The Issuer shall cause Sunnova Management, at Sunnova Management's expense, to cause a firm of Independent Accountants to prepare any Tax Returns required to be filed by the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee, upon reasonable written request, shall furnish the Issuer with all such information in the possession of the Indenture Trustee as may be reasonably required in connection with the preparation of any Tax Return of the Issuer. 
 
 53 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.11. Reports by Indenture Trustee . Within five Business Days after the end of each Collection Period, the Indenture Trustee shall provide or make available electronically (or upon written request, by first class mail or facsimile) to the Servicer a written report (electronic means shall be sufficient) setting forth the amounts in the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account and the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and the identity of the investments included therein, as applicable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Indenture Trustee shall, upon the written request of the Servicer, promptly transmit or make available electronically to the Servicer, copies of all accountings of, and information with respect to, the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account and the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, investments thereof, as applicable, and payments thereto and therefrom. 
 Section 5.12. Final Balances. On the Termination Date, all moneys remaining in all Accounts (other than the Lockbox Account), shall be, subject to applicable escheatment laws, remitted to, or at the direction of, the Issuer, and after the return of such funds (or disposition thereof pursuant to applicable escheatment laws), the Indenture Trustee will have no liability with respect to such funds, and holders should look solely only to the Issuer for such amounts. 
 Article VI Voluntary Prepayment of Notes and Release of Collateral 
 Section 6.01. Voluntary Prepayment. (a) Prior to the Rated Final Maturity, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, prepay the Notes, including by Class or portion of a Class (such prepayment, a Voluntary Prepayment ), in whole or in part on any Business Day following the first anniversary of the Closing Date (such date, the Voluntary Prepayment Date ). Any such Voluntary Prepayment is required to be made on no less than ten (10) days' prior notice (or such shorter period, but not less than two Business Days, as is necessary to cure an Event of Default) by the Issuer sending the Notice of Prepayment to the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer describing the Issuer's election to prepay the Notes or portion thereof in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C. With respect to each Class of Notes subject to a Voluntary Prepayment, such Voluntary Prepayment shall be made pro rata among such Class. 
 (b) With respect to any Voluntary Prepayment in part, on or prior to the related Voluntary Prepayment Date, the Issuer shall deposit into the Collection Account, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount of outstanding principal of the Notes being prepaid, (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (iii) the applicable Make Whole Amount, if any. Such partial Voluntary Prepayment will be distributed by the Indenture Trustee on the related Voluntary Prepayment Date in accordance with the written direction of the Servicer to the holders of the Notes identified by the Issuer in the Notice of Prepayment. 
 (c) With respect to a Voluntary Prepayment of all outstanding Notes in full, on or prior to the related Voluntary Prepayment Date, the Issuer will be required to deposit into the Collection Account an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, (B) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (C) the Make Whole Amount, if any, (D) the Note Balance Write-Down Amount, if any, (E) the Deferred Interest Amount, if any, (F) the Post-ARD Additional Interest Amount, if any, (G) the Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amount, if any, and (H) all amounts owed to the Indenture Trustee, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager and any other parties to the Transaction Documents, minus (ii) the sum of the amounts then on deposit in the Reserve Account, the Section 25D 
 54 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Interest Account and the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account. The Indenture Trustee will make distributions on the related Voluntary Prepayment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments (without giving effect to clauses (vii) through (xi) thereof) and solely as specified in the related Voluntary Prepayment Servicer Report and to the extent the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance is prepaid and all other obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents have been paid, release any remaining assets in the Trust Estate to, or at the direction of, the Issuer. 
 (d) If a Voluntary Prepayment Date occurs prior to the Make Whole Determination Date for a Class of Notes, the Issuer will be required to pay the Noteholders the applicable Make Whole Amount. No Make Whole Amount will be due to the Noteholders if a Voluntary Prepayment is made on or after the Make Whole Determination Date. 
 (e) If the Issuer elects to rescind the Voluntary Prepayment, it must give written notice to the Indenture Trustee of such determination at least two Business Days prior to the Voluntary Prepayment Date. If a Voluntary Prepayment of the Notes has been rescinded pursuant to this Section 6.01(e), the Indenture Trustee shall provide notice of such rescission to the registered owner of each Note which had been subject to the rescinded redemption at the address shown on the Note Register maintained by the Note Registrar with copies to the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, the Depositor and the Rating Agencies. 
 Section 6.02. Notice of Voluntary Prepayment. Any Notice of Voluntary Prepayment received by the Indenture Trustee from the Issuer shall be made available by the Indenture Trustee not less than twenty days and not more than thirty days prior to the date fixed for prepayment to the registered owner of each Note to be prepaid with copies to the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, the Servicer and the Rating Agencies. Failure to make such Notice of Prepayment available to any Noteholder, or any defect therein, shall not affect the validity of any Proceedings for the prepayment of other Notes. If a Voluntary Prepayment has been rescinded pursuant to Section 6.01(e), and to the extent the Indenture Trustee had made notice of the Voluntary Prepayment available, the Indenture Trustee shall make available notice of such rescission to the registered owner of each Note which had been subject to the rescinded Voluntary Prepayment with copies to the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, the Servicer and the Rating Agencies. 
 Any notice made available as provided in this Section shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the registered owner of such Notes accesses the notice. 
 
 55 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 6.03. Cancellation of Notes. All Notes which have been paid in full or retired or received by the Indenture Trustee for exchange shall not be reissued but shall be canceled and destroyed in accordance with its customary procedures. 
 Section 6.04. Release of Collateral . (a) The Indenture Trustee shall, on or promptly after the Termination Date, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate from the Lien created by this Indenture and shall deposit into the Collection Account any funds then on deposit in any other Account. The Indenture Trustee shall release property from the Lien created by this Indenture pursuant to this Section 6.04(a) only upon receipt by the Indenture Trustee of an Issuer Order accompanied by an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel described in Section 314(c)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and meeting the applicable requirements of Section 12.02. 
 (b) The Lien created by this Indenture on any (A) Defective Solar Loan shall automatically be released when the Depositor or the Performance Guarantor, as applicable, repurchases such Defective Solar Loan pursuant to the Contribution Agreement or the Performance Guaranty, as applicable, or (B) Defaulted Solar Loan shall automatically be released when the Depositor or the Performance Guarantor, as applicable, repurchases such Defaulted Solar Loan pursuant to the Contribution Agreement or the Performance Guaranty, as applicable, in each case upon (I) a payment by the Depositor or the Performance Guarantor, as the case may be, of the Repurchase Price of such Solar Loan and the deposit of such payment into the Collection Account and (II) receipt by the Indenture Trustee of an Officer's Certificate of the Depositor or Performance Guarantor, as the case may be, certifying (1) as to the identity of the Solar Loan to be released, (2) that the amount deposited into the Collection Account with respect thereto equals the Repurchase Price of such Solar Loan and (3) that all conditions in the Transaction Documents with respect to the release of such Solar Loan from the Lien of this Indenture have been met. 
 (c) The Lien created by this Indenture on any Replaced Solar Loan shall automatically be released upon (A) a payment by the Depositor of any Substitution Shortfall Amount and Section 25D Interest Amount, if any, due with respect to such Replaced Solar Loan and the deposit of such payment into the Collection Account or the Section 25D Interest Account, as applicable, (B) the Issuer s acquisition of the related Qualified Substitute Solar Loan(s) in accordance with the Contribution Agreement, and (C) receipt by the Indenture Trustee of an Officer's Certificate of the Depositor certifying (1) as to the identity of the Replaced Solar Loan(s) to be released, (2) that the amount, if any, deposited into the Collection Account with respect thereto equals the Substitution Shortfall Amount required to be deposited, (3) that the amount, if any, deposited into the Section 25D Interest Account with respect thereto equals the Section 25D Interest Account Amount for the related Qualified Substitute Solar Loan(s) required to be deposited and (4) that all conditions in the Transaction Documents with respect to the release of such Replaced Solar Loan(s) from the Lien of this Indenture have been met. 
 (ii) The Lien created by this Indenture on any Solar Loan shall automatically be released upon (A) deposit into the Collection Account of the amount payable by an Obligor pursuant to its Solar Loan Agreement in connection with a prepayment in whole of such Solar Loan Agreement, (B) receipt by the Indenture Trustee of an Officer's Certificate of the Manager certifying (1) as to the identity of the Solar Loan to be released, (2) that the amount deposited in the Collection Account with respect thereto equals the purchase price of such Solar Loan under the related Solar Loan Agreement and (3) that all conditions in the Transaction Documents with respect to the release of such Solar Loan from the Lien of this Indenture have been met. 
 56 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(d) Upon release of the Lien created by this Indenture in accordance with subsections (b) or (c), the Indenture Trustee shall release the applicable asset for all purposes and deliver to or upon the order of the Issuer (or to or upon the order of the Depositor if it has satisfied its respective obligations under Sections 7(a) or 7(b) of the Contribution Agreement with respect to a Solar Loan) the applicable Solar Loan and the related Custodian File. Upon the order of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee shall authorize a UCC financing statement prepared by the Servicer evidencing such release. The Servicer shall file any such authorized UCC financing statements. Upon any such release of any Solar Loan, the Issuer shall cause the Servicer to update the Schedule of Solar Loans to remove such released Solar Loan from the Schedule of Solar Loans and deliver such updated Schedule of Solar Loans to the Indenture Trustee. 
 Article VII The Indenture Trustee 
 Section 7.01. Duties of Indenture Trustee. (a) If a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has received notice pursuant to Section 7.02(a), or a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall otherwise have actual knowledge that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his own affairs. 
 (b) Except during the occurrence and continuance of such an Event of Default 
 (i) The Indenture Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party and no others and no implied covenants or obligations of the Indenture Trustee shall be read into this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. 
 (ii) In the absence of negligence or bad faith on its part, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Indenture Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. The Indenture Trustee shall, however, examine such certificates and opinions to determine whether they conform on their face to the requirements of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document but the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to determine, confirm or recalculate information contained in such certificates or opinions. 
 (c) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Indenture Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that 
 (i) This paragraph does not limit the effect of subsection (b) of this Section 7.01. 
 (ii) The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable in its individual capacity for any action taken, or error of judgment made, in good faith by a Responsible Officer or other officers of the Indenture Trustee, unless it is proved that the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 
 57 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iii) The Indenture Trustee shall not be personally liable with respect to any action it takes, suffers or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it from the Noteholders in accordance with this Indenture or any other Transaction Document or for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, in each case unless it is proved that the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 
 (iv) The Indenture Trustee shall have no responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or otherwise to perfect or to maintain the perfection of any Lien on the Trust Estate or in any item comprising the Conveyed Property. 
 (d) No provision of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document shall require the Indenture Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial or other liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or thereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not assured to it. 
 (e) The provisions of subsections (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 7.01 shall apply to any co-trustee or separate trustee appointed by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.13. 
 (f) The Indenture Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in any Account held by the Indenture Trustee resulting from any loss experienced on any item comprising the Conveyed Property except as a result of the Indenture Trustee's gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 (g) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be required to take any action that conflicts with Applicable Law, any of the provisions of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document or with the Indenture Trustee's duties hereunder or that adversely affect its rights and immunities hereunder. 
 (h) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee have any obligations or duties under or have any liabilities whatsoever to Noteholders under ERISA. 
 (i) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities it being understood that the Indenture Trustee shall resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 
 (j) With respect to all Solar Loans and any related part of the Trust Estate released from the Lien of this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall assign, without recourse, representation or warranty, to the appropriate Person as directed by the Issuer in writing, prior to the Termination Date, all the Indenture Trustee's right, title and interest in and to such assets, such assignment being in the form as prepared by the Servicer or the Issuer and acceptable to the Indenture Trustee. Such Person will thereupon own such Solar Loan and related rights appurtenant thereto free of any further obligation to the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders with respect thereto. The Servicer or the Issuer will also prepare and the Indenture Trustee shall, 
 58 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

upon written direction of the Issuer, also execute and deliver all such other instruments or documents as shall be reasonably requested by any such Person to be required or appropriate to effect a valid transfer of title to a Solar Loan and the related assets. 
 (k) In the event that the Indenture Trustee receives notice from the Custodian that the Electronic Vault Agreement will be terminated, the Indenture Trustee shall make such notice available to the Noteholders and take action in response to such notice as directed in writing by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, provided , however , if the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class fail to provide written direction to the Indenture Trustee within five (5) days of such notice and no provision has been made for a substitute electronic vault agreement to replace the Electronic Vault Agreement on terms that would not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders interest in the Solar Loan Agreements, as determined by an Opinion of Counsel, the Indenture Trustee shall direct the Custodian to implement a paper out process to convert all Solar Loan Agreements and any other electronic chattel paper held in the Electronic Vault into non-original paper copies of such chattel paper and to destroy the original electronic records evidencing such chattel paper, and such paper copies of the Solar Loan Agreements and other records shall be delivered to the Custodian. All expenses incurred in connection with such process shall be treated as expenses of the initial Servicer. 
 Section 7.02. Manager Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, or Event of Default. (a) The Indenture Trustee shall not be required to take notice of or be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any default, Default, Manager Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, Event of Default, event or information, or be required to act upon any default, Default, Manager Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, Event of Default, event or information (including the sending of any notice) unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee is specifically notified in writing at the address set forth in Section 12.04 or until a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have acquired actual knowledge of a default, a Default, a Manager Termination Event, a Servicer Termination Event, an Event of Default, an event or information and shall have no duty to take any action to determine whether any such default, Default, Manager Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, Event of Default, or event has occurred. In the absence of receipt of such notice or actual knowledge, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively assume that there is no such default, Default, Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event, Manager Termination Event or event. If written notice of the existence of a default, a Default, an Event of Default, a Manager Termination Event, a Servicer Termination Event, an event or information has been delivered to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee or a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge thereof, the Indenture Trustee shall promptly provide paper or electronic notice thereof to the Issuer, the Transition Manager, the Backup Servicer, the Rating Agencies and each Noteholder, but in any event, no later than five days after such knowledge or notice occurs. 
 (b) In the event the Servicer does not make available to each Rating Agency all reports of the Servicer and all reports to the Noteholders, upon request of such Rating Agency, the Indenture Trustee shall make available promptly after such request, copies of such Servicer reports as are in the Indenture Trustee's possession to each Rating Agency and the Noteholders. 
 
 59 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 7.03. Rights of Indenture Trustee. (a) The Indenture Trustee may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in any document. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate or re-calculate, evaluate, certify, verify or independently determine the accuracy of any numerical information, report, certificate, information, statement, representation or warranty or any fact or matter stated in any such document and may conclusively rely as to the truth of the statements and the accuracy of the information therein. 
 (b) Before the Indenture Trustee takes any action or refrains from taking any action under this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, it may require an Officer's Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel, the costs of which (including the Indenture Trustee's reasonable and documented attorney's fees and expenses) shall be paid by the party requesting that the Indenture Trustee act or refrain from acting. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officer's Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee shall not be personally liable for any action it takes or omits to take or any action or inaction it believes in good faith to be authorized or within its rights or powers other than as a result of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts of matters stated in any reports, certificates, payment instructions, opinion, notice, order or other paper or document unless requested in writing by 25 or more of the Noteholders, and such Noteholders have provided to the Indenture Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it. 
 (e) The Indenture Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, affiliates or attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent, attorney, custodian or nominee appointed by it hereunder with due care. The Indenture Trustee may consult with counsel, accountants and other experts and the advice or opinion of counsel, accountants and other experts with respect to legal and other matters relating to any Transaction Document shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability with respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion of counsel. 
 (f) The Indenture Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety with respect to the execution of this Indenture or the powers granted hereunder. 
 (g) The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action or inaction of the Issuer, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager, the Custodian, or any other party (or agent thereof) to this Indenture or any Transaction Document and may assume compliance by such parties with their obligations under this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have received written notice to the contrary at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee. 
 (h) The Indenture Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the trusts or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto at the request, order or direction of any of the Noteholders, pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Noteholders shall have offered to the Indenture Trustee 
 60 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

security or indemnity satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee's counsel and agents) which may be incurred therein or thereby. 
 (i) The Indenture Trustee shall have no duty (i) to maintain or monitor any insurance or (ii) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Trust Estate. 
 (j) Delivery of any reports, information and documents to the Indenture Trustee provided for herein or any other Transaction Document is for informational purposes only (unless otherwise expressly stated), and the Indenture Trustee's receipt of such or otherwise publicly available information shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Servicer's, the Manager's or the Issuer's compliance with any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder (as to which the Indenture Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer's Certificates). The Indenture Trustee shall not have actual notice of any default or any other matter unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee receives actual written notice of such default or other matter. 
 (k) The Indenture Trustee does not have any obligation to investigate any matter or exercise any powers vested under this Indenture unless requested in writing by 25 or more of the Noteholders, and such Noteholders have provided to the Indenture Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it. 
 (l) Knowledge of the Indenture Trustee shall not be attributed or imputed to Wilmington Trust's other roles in the transaction and knowledge of the Backup Servicer or the Transition Manager shall not be attributed or imputed to each other or to the Indenture Trustee (other than those where the roles are performed by the same group or division within Wilmington Trust or otherwise share the same Responsible Officers), or any affiliate, line of business, or other division of Wilmington Trust (and vice versa). 
 (m) The right of the Indenture Trustee to perform any permissive or discretionary act enumerated in this Indenture or any related document shall not be construed as a duty. 
 (n) None of the Indenture Trustee, the Transition Manager or the Backup Servicer shall have a duty to conduct any investigation as to an actual or alleged breach of any representation or warranty, the occurrence of any condition requiring the repurchase of any Solar Loan by any Person pursuant to the Transaction Documents, or the eligibility of any Solar Loan for purposes of the Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Indenture Trustee, the Transition Manager or the Backup Servicer shall be responsible for determining whether a breach of the representations or warranties made by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor relating to the eligibility criteria of the Solar Loans has occurred or whether any such breach materially and adversely affects the value of such Solar Loans or the interests therein of the Noteholders provided, however, that upon actual knowledge or receiving notice of a breach of any of the representations and warranties relating to the eligibility criteria of the Solar Loans by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee, the Transition Manager or the Backup Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Transition Manager or the Backup Servicer, as applicable, shall give prompt written notice thereof to Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor. 
 61 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(o) The rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities afforded to the Indenture Trustee hereunder shall extend to the Indenture Trustee (in any of its capacities) under any other Transaction Document or related agreement as though set forth therein in their entirety mutatis mutandis . 
 (p) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer or the Transition Manager have any obligation to oversee or any liability or responsibility to monitor compliance with or enforce compliance with U.S. Risk Retention Rules or other rules or regulations relating to risk retention. In no event shall that Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer of the Transition Manager be charged with knowledge of such rules or regulations, nor shall it be liable to any investor or other party for violation of such rules or regulations now or hereafter in effect. 
 Section 7.04. Not Responsible for Recitals, Issuance of Notes or Application of Moneys as Directed. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes, except the certificates of authentication on the Notes, shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, and the Indenture Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Indenture Trustee makes no representations with respect to the Trust Estate or as to the validity or sufficiency of the Trust Estate or this Indenture or any other Transaction Document or of the Notes. The Indenture Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the Notes. Subject to Section 7.01(b), the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable to any Person for any money paid to the Issuer upon an Issuer Order, Servicer instruction or order or direction provided in a Monthly Servicer Report contemplated by this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. 
 
 62 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 7.05. May Hold Notes. The Indenture Trustee or any agent of the Issuer, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or Sunnova Energy or any Affiliate of the Issuer or Sunnova Energy with the same rights it would have if it were not the Indenture Trustee or other agent. 
 Section 7.06. Money Held in Trust. The Indenture Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Issuer and except to the extent of income or other gain on investments which are obligations of the Indenture Trustee hereunder. 
 Section 7.07. Compensation and Reimbursement. (a) The Issuer agrees 
 (i) to pay the Indenture Trustee in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, the Indenture Trustee Fee. The Indenture Trustee's compensation shall not be limited by any law with respect to compensation of a trustee of an express trust and the payments to the Indenture Trustee provided by Article V hereto shall constitute payments due with respect to the applicable fee agreement or letter 
 (ii) in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, to reimburse the Indenture Trustee upon request for all reasonable and documented expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including, but not limited to, the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and allocable costs of in-house counsel) provided, however , in no event shall the Issuer pay or reimburse the Indenture Trustee or the agents or counsel, including in-house counsel of either, for any expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Indenture Trustee in connection with any negligent action or negligent inaction on the part of the Indenture Trustee provided, further , that payments to the Indenture Trustee for reimbursement for any such expenses will be as set forth in Section 5.07(a)(i) hereof 
 (iii) to indemnify the Indenture Trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents for, and to hold them harmless against, any fee, loss, liability, damage, cost or expense (including reasonable and documented attorneys' fees, costs and expenses and court costs) incurred without negligence or bad faith on the part of the Indenture Trustee, to the extent such matters have been determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, arising out of, or in connection with, the acceptance or administration of this trust and its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim, action or suit in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder and defending itself against any claim, action or suit (including a successful defense, in whole or in part, of a breach of its standard of care) or bringing any claim, action or suit to enforce the indemnification or other obligations of the relevant transaction parties provided, however , that 
 (A) with respect to any such claim the Indenture Trustee shall have given the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor, the Servicer and the Manager written notice thereof promptly after the 
 63 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee shall have actual knowledge thereof, provided, that failure to notify shall not relieve the parties of their obligations hereunder 
 (B) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.07(a)(iii), none of the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor, the Servicer or the Manager shall be liable for settlement of any such claim by the Indenture Trustee entered into without the prior consent of the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor, the Servicer or the Manager, as the case may be, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and 
 (C) the Indenture Trustee, its officers, directors, employees and agents, as a group, shall be entitled to counsel separate from the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor, the Servicer and the Manager to the extent the Issuer's, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings', Sunnova ABS Holdings X's, the Depositor's, the Servicer's and the Manager's interests are not adverse to the interests of the Indenture Trustee, its officers, directors, employees or agents, the Indenture Trustee may agree to be represented by the same counsel as the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor, the Servicer and the Manager. 
 Such payment obligations and indemnification shall survive the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee as well as the discharge, termination or assignment hereof. The Indenture Trustee's expenses are intended as expenses of administration. 
 Anything in this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Indenture Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee shall, on each Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, deduct payment of its fees and expenses hereunder from moneys in the Collection Account. 
 (c) The Issuer agrees to assume and to pay, and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders from any Taxes which may at any time be asserted with respect to, and as of the date of, the Grant of the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, any sales, gross receipts, general corporation, personal property, privilege or license taxes (but with respect to the Noteholders only, not including Taxes arising out of the creation or the issuance of the Notes or payments with respect thereto) and costs, expenses and reasonable counsel fees in defending against the same. 
 
 64 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 7.08. Eligibility Disqualification. The Indenture Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus as stated in Section 7.09, and shall always be a bank or trust company with corporate trust powers organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and shall be rated at least investment grade by S&P. 
 Section 7.09. Indenture Trustee's Capital and Surplus. The Indenture Trustee and or its parent shall at all times have a combined capital and surplus of at least 100,000,000. If the Indenture Trustee publishes annual reports of condition of the type described in Section 310(a)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, its combined capital and surplus for purposes of this Section 7.09 shall be as set forth in the latest such report. 
 Section 7.10. Resignation and Removal Appointment of Successor. (a) No resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee and no appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.10 shall become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Indenture Trustee under Section 7.11. 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee may resign at any time by giving 30 days' prior written notice thereof to the Issuer and the Servicer. If an instrument of acceptance by a successor Indenture Trustee shall not have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Indenture Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee may be removed at any time by the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class upon 30 days' prior written notice, delivered to the Indenture Trustee, with copies to the Servicer and the Issuer. 
 (d) (i) If at any time the Indenture Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 7.08 or 7.09 or shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Indenture Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Indenture Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then, in any such case, with 30 days' prior written notice, the Issuer, with the prior written consent of the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, by an Issuer Order, may remove the Indenture Trustee. 
 (ii) If the Indenture Trustee shall be removed pursuant to Sections 7.10(c) or (d) and no successor Indenture Trustee shall have been appointed pursuant to Section 7.10(e) and accepted such appointment within 30 days of the date of removal, the removed Indenture Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee acceptable to the Issuer. 
 (e) If the Indenture Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Indenture Trustee for any cause, the Issuer, with the prior written consent of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, by an Issuer Order shall promptly appoint a successor Indenture Trustee. 
 (f) The Issuer shall give to the Rating Agencies and the Noteholders notice of each resignation and each removal of the Indenture Trustee and each appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee. Each notice shall include the name of the successor Indenture Trustee and the address of its Corporate Trust Office. 
 65 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(g) The provisions of this Section 7.10 shall apply to any co-trustee or separate trustee appointed by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.13. 
 Section 7.11. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor. (a) Every successor Indenture Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Issuer and the retiring Indenture Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Indenture Trustee shall become effective and such successor Indenture Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Indenture Trustee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on request of the Issuer or the successor Indenture Trustee, such retiring Indenture Trustee shall, upon payment of its fees, expenses and other charges, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Indenture Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Indenture Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Indenture Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Indenture Trustee hereunder. Upon request of any such successor Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall execute and deliver any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Indenture Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts. 
 (b) No successor Indenture Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Indenture Trustee shall be qualified and eligible under Sections 7.08 and 7.09. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the replacement of the Indenture Trustee, the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 7.07(a)(iii) and (c) and the Indenture Trustee's protections under this Article VII shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 7.12. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Indenture Trustee. Any corporation or national banking association into which the Indenture Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation, bank, trust company or national banking association resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Indenture Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation, bank, trust company or national banking association succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Indenture Trustee, shall be the successor of the Indenture Trustee hereunder if such corporation, bank, trust company or national banking association shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 7.08 and 7.09, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. The Indenture Trustee shall provide the Rating Agencies written notice of any such transaction. In case any Notes have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Indenture Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Indenture Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Notes so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Indenture Trustee had authenticated such Notes. 
 
 66 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 7.13. Co-trustees and Separate Indenture Trustees. (a) At any time or times, for the purpose of meeting the legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, for enforcement actions, and where a conflict of interest exists, the Indenture Trustee shall have power to appoint and, upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall for such purpose join with the Indenture Trustee in the execution, delivery and performance of all instruments and agreements necessary or proper to appoint, one or more Persons that are approved by the Indenture Trustee either to act as co-trustee, jointly with the Indenture Trustee, of such part of the Trust Estate, or to act as separate trustee of any such property, in either case with such powers as may be provided in the instrument of appointment, and to vest in such Person or Persons in the capacity aforesaid, any property, title, right or power of the Indenture Trustee deemed necessary or desirable, in all respects subject to the other provisions of this Section 7.13. If the Issuer does not join in such appointment within 15 days after the receipt by it of a request so to do, or in case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee alone shall have power to make such appointment. No notice to the Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required under this Indenture. Notice of any such appointments shall be promptly given to the Rating Agencies by the Indenture Trustee. 
 (b) Should any written instrument from the Issuer be required by any co-trustee or separate trustee so appointed for more fully confirming to such co-trustee or separate trustee such property, title, right or power, any and all such instruments shall, on request, be executed, acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer. 
 (c) Every co-trustee or separate trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, but to such extent only, be appointed subject to the following terms 
 (i) The Notes shall be authenticated and delivered and all rights, powers, duties and obligations hereunder with respect to the custody of securities, cash and other personal property held by, or required to be deposited or pledged with, the Indenture Trustee hereunder, shall be exercised solely by the Indenture Trustee. 
 (ii) The rights, powers, duties and obligations hereby conferred or imposed upon the Indenture Trustee with respect to any property covered by such appointment shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Indenture Trustee and such co-trustee or separate trustee jointly, except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act is to be performed, the Indenture Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations shall be exercised and performed solely by such co-trustee or separate trustee. 
 (iii) The Indenture Trustee at any time, by an instrument in writing executed by it, may accept the resignation of, or remove, any co-trustee or separate trustee appointed under this Section 7.13. Upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall join with the Indenture Trustee in the execution, delivery and performance of all instruments and agreements necessary or proper to effectuate such resignation or removal. A successor to any co-trustee or separate trustee so resigned or removed may be appointed in the manner provided in this Section 7.13. 
 (iv) No co-trustee or separate trustee appointed in accordance with this Section 7.13 hereunder shall be financially or otherwise liable by reason of any act or omission of 
 67 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the Indenture Trustee, or any other such trustee hereunder, and the Indenture Trustee shall not be financially or otherwise liable by reason of any act or omission of any co-trustee or other such separate trustee hereunder. 
 (v) Any notice, request or other writing delivered to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have been delivered to each such co-trustee and separate trustee. 
 (vi) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may, at any time, constitute the Indenture Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or with respect to this Indenture on its behalf and in its name. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for any action or inaction of any such separate trustee or co-trustee appointed in accordance with this Section 7.13. The Indenture Trustee shall not have any responsibility or liability relating to the appointment of any separate or co-trustee. Any such separate or co-trustee shall not be deemed to be an agent of the Indenture Trustee. If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estate, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Indenture Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee. 
 Section 7.14. Books and Records. The Indenture Trustee agrees to provide to the Noteholders the right during normal business hours upon two days' prior notice in writing to inspect its books and records insofar as the books and records relate to the functions and duties of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture. 
 Section 7.15. Control. Upon the Indenture Trustee being adequately indemnified in writing to its satisfaction, the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class shall have the right to direct the Indenture Trustee with respect to any action or inaction by the Indenture Trustee hereunder, the exercise of any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee, or the conduct of any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the Notes or the Trust Estate provided that 
 (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture or expose the Indenture Trustee to financial or other liability (for which it has not been adequately indemnified) or be unduly prejudicial to the Noteholders not approving such direction including, but not limited to and without intending to narrow the scope of this limitation, direction to the Indenture Trustee to act or omit to act, directly or indirectly, to amend, hypothecate, subordinate, terminate or discharge any Lien benefiting the Noteholders in the Trust Estate 
 (b) the Indenture Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction and 
 (c) except as expressly provided otherwise herein (but only with the prior written consent of or at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class), the Indenture Trustee shall have the authority to take any enforcement action which it reasonably deems to be necessary to enforce the provisions of this Indenture. 
 
 68 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 7.16. Suits for Enforcement. If an Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have actual knowledge, shall occur and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, in its discretion and shall, at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class (provided that the Indenture Trustee is adequately indemnified in writing to its satisfaction), proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of any Noteholders under this Indenture by a Proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the execution of any power granted in this Indenture or for the enforcement of any other legal, equitable or other remedy as the Indenture Trustee, being advised by counsel, shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any of the rights of the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholders, but in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for any failure to act in the absence of direction the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. 
 Section 7.17. Compliance with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations. In order to comply with Applicable Laws, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, the Indenture Trustee is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with Indenture Trustee. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to Indenture Trustee upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available to such party in order to enable Indenture Trustee to comply with Applicable Law. 
 Section 7.18. Authorization . The Indenture Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under and make the representations contained in the Account Control Agreement on the Closing Date. Each Noteholder and each Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note, acknowledges and agrees that the Indenture Trustee shall execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Account Control Agreement and shall do so solely in its capacity as Indenture Trustee and not in its individual capacity. Furthermore, each Noteholder and each Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note acknowledges and agrees that the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to take any action pursuant to the Account Control Agreement unless directed to do so by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. 
 
 69 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Article VIII Reserved 
 Article IX Event of Default 
 Section 9.01. Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder 
 (a) a default in the payment of any Interest Distribution Amount (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any Deferred Interest Amounts, Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts) on a Payment Date, which default shall not have been cured after three Business Days 
 (b) a default in the payment of the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance and any unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts (including any Deferred Interest Amounts) at the Rated Final Maturity 
 (c) an Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to the Issuer 
 (d) the failure of the Issuer to observe or perform in any material respect any covenant or obligation of the Issuer set forth in this Indenture (other than the failure to make any required payment with respect to the Notes), which has not been cured within 30 days from the date of receipt by the Issuer of written notice from the Indenture Trustee of such breach or default, or the failure of the Issuer to deposit into the Collection Account all amounts required to be deposited therein by the required deposit date 
 (e) any representation, warranty or statement of the Issuer (other than representations and warranties as to whether a Solar Loan is an Eligible Solar Loan) contained in the Transaction Documents or any report, document or certificate delivered by the Issuer pursuant to the foregoing agreements shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made and, within 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer by the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, the circumstance or condition in respect of which such representation, warranty or statement was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise cured (which cure may be effected by payment of an indemnity claim) or waived by the Indenture Trustee, acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class 
 (f) the failure for any reason of the Indenture Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders, to have a first priority perfected Lien on the Trust Estate in favor of the Indenture Trustee (subject to Permitted Liens) which is not stayed, released or otherwise cured within ten days of receipt of notice or the Servicer's, the Manager's or the Issuer's knowledge thereof 
 (g) the Issuer becomes subject to registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act 
 70 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(h) the Issuer becomes classified as an association, a publicly traded partnership or a taxable mortgage pool that, in each case, is taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal or state income tax purposes 
 (i) failure by Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor to cure, repurchase or replace a Defective Solar Loan in accordance with the Contribution Agreement (except to the extent cured by the Performance Guarantor in accordance with the Performance Guaranty) 
 (j) any default in the payment of any amount due by the Performance Guarantor under the Performance Guaranty 
 (k) any failure of the Performance Guarantor to observe or perform any covenant or obligation of the Performance Guarantor set forth in the Performance Guaranty (other than failure to make any required payment), which has not been cured within 30 days from the earlier of (x) knowledge by the Performance Guarantor of such failure to perform and (y) the date of receipt by the Performance Guarantor of written notice from the Indenture Trustee of such failure to perform or 
 (l) there shall remain in force, undischarged, unsatisfied, and unstayed for more than 30 consecutive days, any final non-appealable judgment in the amount of 100,000 or more against the Issuer not covered by insurance or bond 
 provided, that the Performance Guarantor's failure to cause the due and punctual performance and observance by the Manager of the Manager's obligations set forth under Section 8 of Exhibit A of the Management Agreement shall not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to either clause (x) or (xi). 
 
 In the case of an Event of Default, after the applicable grace period set forth in such subparagraphs, if any, the Indenture Trustee shall give written notice to the Noteholders, the Rating Agencies, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager and the Issuer that an Event of Default has occurred as of the date of such notice. 
 Section 9.02. Actions of Indenture Trustee. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing hereunder, the Indenture Trustee shall, at the direction of the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, do one of the following 
 (a) declare the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other amounts payable under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents to become immediately due and payable 
 (b) either on its own or through an agent, take possession of and sell the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 9.15, provided, however , that neither the Indenture Trustee nor any collateral agent may sell or otherwise liquidate the Trust Estate unless either (i) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation are sufficient to discharge in full the amounts then due and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and accrued interest and the fees and all other amounts required to be paid pursuant to the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, or (ii) the Holders of 100 of the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance consent thereto 
 (c) institute Proceedings for collection of amounts due on the Notes or under this Indenture by automatic acceleration or otherwise, or if no such acceleration or collection efforts 
 71 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

have been made, or if such acceleration or collection efforts have been made, but have been annulled or rescinded, the Indenture Trustee may elect to take possession of the Trust Estate and collect or cause the collection of the proceeds thereof and apply such proceeds in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture 
 (d) enforce any judgment obtained and collect any amounts adjudged from the Issuer 
 (e) institute any Proceedings for the complete or partial foreclosure of the Lien created by the Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate and 
 (f) protect the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders by taking any appropriate action including exercising any remedy of a secured party under the UCC or any other Applicable Law. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default of the type described in clause (c) of the definition thereof, the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other amounts payable under the Indenture and the other Transaction Documents shall automatically become immediately due and payable. 
 Section 9.03. Indenture Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Notes or the property of the Issuer or of such other obligor or their creditors, the Indenture Trustee (irrespective of whether the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Indenture Trustee shall have made any demand on the Issuer for the payment of overdue principal or any interest or other amounts) shall, at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, by intervention in such Insolvency Proceeding or otherwise, 
 (a) file and prove a claim for the whole amount owing and unpaid with respect to the Notes issued hereunder and file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Noteholders allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding and 
 (b) collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same, and any receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, or sequestrator (or other similar official) in any such Insolvency Proceeding is hereby authorized by each Noteholder to make such payments to the Indenture Trustee and, in the event that the Indenture Trustee shall, upon written direction from the Noteholders, consent to the making of such payments directly to the Noteholders, to pay to the Indenture Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Indenture Trustee under Section 7.07. 
 Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Indenture Trustee to authorize and consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Noteholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, or composition affecting any of the Notes or the rights of any Noteholder thereof, or to authorize the Indenture Trustee to vote with respect to the claim of any Noteholder in any such Insolvency Proceeding. 
 
 72 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 9.04. Indenture Trustee May Enforce Claim Without Possession of Notes. All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Notes may be prosecuted and enforced by the Indenture Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any Proceeding relating thereto, and any such Proceeding instituted by the Indenture Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, and any recovery of judgment shall be applied first, to the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee, its agents and counsel and any other amounts due the Indenture Trustee under Section 7.07 (provided that, any indemnification by the Issuer under Section 7.07 shall be paid only in the priority set forth in Section 5.07) and second, for the ratable benefit of the Noteholders for all amounts due to such Noteholders. 
 Section 9.05. Knowledge of Indenture Trustee. Any references herein to the knowledge of the Indenture Trustee shall mean and refer to actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 9.06. Limitation on Suits . No Holder of any Note shall have any right to institute any Proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder unless 
 (a) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Indenture Trustee of a continuing Event of Default 
 (b) the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class shall have made written request to the Indenture Trustee to institute Proceedings with respect to such Event of Default in its own name as Indenture Trustee hereunder 
 (c) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Indenture Trustee reasonable indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request 
 (d) the Indenture Trustee for 30 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of security or indemnity has failed to institute any such Proceedings and 
 (e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Indenture Trustee during such 30-day period by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class 
 it being understood and intended that no one or more Holders of Notes shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holders of Notes, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided. 

73 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 9.07. Unconditional Right of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest . The Holders of the Notes shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, subject to the express terms of this Indenture, to receive payment of principal and interest on such Notes, subject to the respective relative priorities provided for in this Indenture, as such principal and interest becomes due and payable from the Trust Estate and, subject to Section 9.06, to institute Proceedings for the enforcement of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired except as expressly permitted herein without the consent of such Holders. 
 Section 9.08. Restoration of Rights and Remedies . If the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Indenture Trustee or to such Noteholder, then, and in every case, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall, subject to any determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall continue as though no such Proceeding had been instituted. 
 Section 9.09. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes in Section 2.09, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Indenture Trustee or to the Noteholders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. 
 Section 9.10. Delay or Omission Not Waiver . No delay or omission of the Indenture Trustee or of any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or any acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article IX or by law to the Indenture Trustee or to the Noteholders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Indenture Trustee or by the Noteholders, as the case may be. 
 Section 9.11. Control by Noteholders . Other than as set forth herein, the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee provided that 
 (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture including, without limitation, any provision hereof which expressly provides for approval by a greater percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Outstanding Notes 
 (b) the Indenture Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction provided, however , that, subject to Section 7.01, the Indenture Trustee need not take any action which a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Indenture Trustee in good faith determines might involve it in liability (unless the Indenture Trustee is furnished with the reasonable indemnity referred to in Section 9.11(c)) and 
 74 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) the Indenture Trustee has been furnished reasonable indemnity against costs, expenses and liabilities which it might incur in connection therewith. 
 Section 9.12. Waiver of Certain Events by Less Than All Noteholders . The Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class may, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, waive any past Default, Event of Default, Acceleration Event, Servicer Termination Event, or Manager Termination Event, and its consequences, except 
 (a) a Default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note, or a Default caused by the Issuer becoming subject to registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act, or 
 (b) with respect to a covenant or provision hereof which under Article X cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected. 
 Upon any such waiver, such Default, Event of Default, Acceleration Event, Servicer Termination Event or Manager Termination Event shall cease to exist, and any Default, Event of Default, Acceleration Event, Servicer Termination or Manager Termination Event or other consequence arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default, Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event or Manager Termination Event or impair any right consequent thereon. 
 Section 9.13. Undertaking for Costs . All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Noteholder and each Note Owner by its acceptance of a Note shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Indenture Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Indenture Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant but the provisions of this Section 9.13 shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Indenture Trustee or to any suit instituted by any Noteholder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note on or after the Rated Final Maturity expressed in such Note. 
 
 75 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 9.14. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws . The Issuer covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not, at any time, insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture and the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Indenture Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 
 Section 9.15. Sale of Trust Estate . (a) The power to effect any sale of any portion of the Trust Estate pursuant to this Article IX shall not be exhausted by any one or more sales as to any portion of the Trust Estate remaining unsold, but shall continue unimpaired until the entire Trust Estate securing the Notes shall have been sold or all amounts payable on the Notes and under this Indenture with respect thereto shall have been paid. The Indenture Trustee, acting on its own or through an agent, may from time to time postpone any sale by public announcement made at the time and place of such sale. 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee shall not, in any private sale, sell to a third party the Trust Estate, or any portion thereof unless the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class direct the Indenture Trustee, in writing, to make such sale or unless either (i) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation are sufficient to discharge in full the amounts then due and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and accrued interest and the fees and all other amounts required to be paid pursuant the Priority of Payments or (ii) the Holders of 100 of the principal amount of each Class of Notes then Outstanding consent thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the consummation of any sale of the Trust Estate (either private or public), the Indenture Trustee shall first offer the Originator the opportunity to purchase the Trust Estate for a purchase price equal to the greater of (x) the fair market value of the Trust Estate and (y) the aggregate outstanding note balance of the Notes, plus accrued interest thereon and fees owed thereto (such right, the Right of First Refusal ). If the Originator does not exercise its Right of First Refusal within two Business Days of receipt thereof, then the Indenture Trustee shall sell the Trust Estate as otherwise set forth in this Section 9.15 provided , further , that if the Originator does not exercise its Right of First Refusal and the Indenture Trustee elects to sell the Trust Estate in a private sale to a third party, then prior to the sale thereof, the Indenture Trustee shall offer the Originator the opportunity to purchase the Trust Estate for the purchase price being offered by such third party, and the Originator shall have two Business Days to accept such offer. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder may bid for and acquire any portion of the Trust Estate in connection with a public or private sale thereof, and in lieu of paying cash therefor, any Noteholder may make settlement for the purchase price by crediting against amounts owing on the Notes of such Holder or other amounts owing to such Holder secured by this Indenture, that portion of the net proceeds of such sale to which such Holder would be entitled, after deducting the reasonable costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders in connection with such sale. The Notes need not be produced in order to complete any such sale, or in order for the net proceeds of such sale to be credited against the Notes. The Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders may hold, lease, operate, manage or otherwise deal with any property so acquired in any manner permitted by law. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion of the Trust Estate in connection with a sale thereof. In addition, the Indenture Trustee is hereby irrevocably appointed the agent and 
 76 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest in any portion of the Trust Estate in connection with a sale thereof, pursuant to this Section 9.15, and to take all action necessary to effect such sale. No purchaser or transferee at such a sale shall be bound to ascertain the Indenture Trustee's authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to the application of any monies. 
 (e) The method, manner, time, place and terms of any sale of all or any portion of the Trust Estate shall be commercially reasonable. 
 Section 9.16. Action on Notes . The Indenture Trustee's right to seek and recover judgment on the Notes or under this Indenture shall not be affected by the seeking, obtaining or application of any other relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the Lien of this Indenture nor any rights or remedies of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders shall be impaired by the recovery of any judgment by the Indenture Trustee against the Issuer or by the levy of any execution under such judgment upon any portion of the Trust Estate or upon any of the assets of the Issuer. 
 Article X Supplemental Indentures 
 Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Noteholder Approval. (a) Without the consent of the Noteholders, provided that (x) the Issuer shall have provided written notice to the Rating Agencies of such modification, (y) the Indenture Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel that such modification is permitted under the terms of this Indenture and that all conditions precedent to the execution of such modification have been satisfied and (z) the Indenture Trustee shall have received a Tax Opinion, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized and directed by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments or indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, for any of the following purposes 
 (i) to correct, amplify or add to the description of any property at any time subject to the Lien of this Indenture, or better to assure, convey and confirm unto the Indenture Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the Lien of this Indenture, or to subject to the Lien of this Indenture additional property provided that such action pursuant to this clause (i) shall not adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders in any respect 
 (ii) to evidence the succession of another Person to either the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the terms hereof, and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee contained herein and in the Notes 
 (iii) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein or to conform the provisions herein to the descriptions set forth in the Offering Circular 
 (iv) to add to the covenants of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Issuer or 
 77 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(v) to effect any matter specified in Section 10.06. 
 (b) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of any amendment or supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section 10.01, the Indenture Trustee shall make available to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Indenture Trustee to make available such copy shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amendment or supplemental indenture. 
 Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders. (a) With the prior written consent of each Noteholder affected thereby, prior written notice to the Rating Agencies and receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a Tax Opinion, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized and directed by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into an amendment or a supplemental indenture for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under this Indenture for the following purposes 
 (i) to change the Rated Final Maturity of any Note, or the due date of any payment of interest on any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or the interest rate thereon, change the place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which any Note or any interest thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the payment of interest due on any Note on or after the due date thereof or for the enforcement of the payment of the entire remaining unpaid principal amount of any Note on or after the Rated Final Maturity thereof or change any provision of Article VI regarding the amounts payable upon any Voluntary Prepayment of the Notes 
 (ii) to reduce the percentage of the Outstanding Note Balance of any Class of Notes, the consent of the Noteholders of which is required to approve any such supplemental indenture or the consent of the Noteholders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with provisions of this Indenture, Events of Default, Manager Termination Events under the Indenture or under the Management Agreement or Servicer Termination Events under this Indenture or under the Servicing Agreement and their consequences provided for in this Indenture or for any other purpose hereunder 
 (iii) to modify any of the provisions of this Section 10.02 
 (iv) to modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to the definition of the term Outstanding or 
 (v) to permit the creation of any other Lien with respect to any part of the Trust Estate or terminate the Lien of this Indenture on any property at any time subject hereto or, except with respect to any action which would not have a material adverse effect on any Noteholder (as certified by the Issuer), deprive the Noteholder of the security afforded by the Lien of this Indenture. 
 (b) With the prior written consent of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, and receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a Tax Opinion, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments or indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee for the purpose of modifying, eliminating or adding to the provisions of this Indenture 
 78 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

provided that such supplemental indentures shall not have any of the effects described in paragraphs (i) through (v) of Section 10.02(a). 
 (c) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of any amendment or supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section 10.02, the Indenture Trustee shall make available to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Indenture Trustee to make available such copy shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture. 
 (d) Whenever the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee solicits a consent to any amendment or supplement to this Indenture, the Issuer shall fix a record date in advance of the solicitation of such consent for the purpose of determining the Noteholders entitled to consent to such amendment or supplement. Only those Noteholders at such record date shall be entitled to consent to such amendment or supplement whether or not such Noteholders continue to be Holders after such record date. 
 Section 10.03. Execution of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures. In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any amendment or supplemental indenture permitted by this Article X or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and (subject to Section 7.01) shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel (i) describing that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and (ii) in accordance with Section 3.06(a) hereof. The Indenture Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Indenture Trustee's own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 
 Section 10.04. Effect of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any amendment or supplemental indenture under this Article X, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes and every Holder of Notes which have theretofore been or thereafter are authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby. 
 
 79 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 10.05. Reference in Notes to Amendments and Supplemental Indentures. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any amendment or supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article X may, and if required by the Issuer shall, bear a notation as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes. 
 Section 10.06. Indenture Trustee to Act on Instructions. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary (other than Section 10.02), in the event the Indenture Trustee is uncertain as to the intention or application of any provision of this Indenture or any other agreement to which it is a party, or such intention or application is ambiguous as to its purpose or application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with any other applicable provision thereof, or if this Indenture or any other agreement to which it is a party permits or does not prohibit any determination by the Indenture Trustee, or is silent or incomplete as to the course of action which the Indenture Trustee is required or is permitted or may be permitted to take with respect to a particular set of facts or circumstances, the Indenture Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, be entitled to request and rely upon the following (a) written instructions of the Issuer directing the Indenture Trustee to take certain actions or refrain from taking certain actions, which written instructions shall contain a certification that the taking of such actions or refraining from taking certain actions is in the best interest of the Noteholders and (b) prior written consent of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. In such case, the Indenture Trustee shall have no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders for, and the Issuer shall hold harmless the Indenture Trustee from, any liability, costs or expenses arising from or relating to any action taken by the Indenture Trustee acting upon such instructions, and the Indenture Trustee shall have no responsibility to the Noteholders with respect to any such liability, costs or expenses. The Issuer shall provide a copy of such written instructions to the Rating Agencies. 
 
 80 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Article XI Reserved 
 Article XII Miscellaneous 
 Section 12.01. Compliance Certificates and Opinions Furnishing of Information. Upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture (except with respect to ordinary course actions under this Indenture and except as otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture), the Issuer at the request of the Indenture Trustee shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee a certificate describing that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel describing that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of certificates and Opinions of Counsel are specifically required by any provision of this Indenture relating to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or Opinion of Counsel need be furnished. 
 Section 12.02. Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee. (a) If several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents. 
 (b) Any certificate or opinion of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by outside counsel, unless such Authorized Officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or opinion or any Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an Authorized Officer of any relevant Person, describing that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of such Person, unless such officer or counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous. Any Opinion of Counsel may be based on the written opinion of other counsel, in which event such Opinion of Counsel shall be accompanied by a copy of such other counsel's opinion and shall include a statement to the effect that such counsel believes that such counsel and the Indenture Trustee may reasonably rely upon the opinion of such other counsel. 
 (c) Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, notices, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument. 
 (d) Wherever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or certificate or report to the Indenture Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer, the Servicer or the Manager shall deliver any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as evidence of the 
 81 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Issuer's, the Servicer's or the Manager's compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at the effective date of such notice or report (as the case may be), of the facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the sufficiency of such notice or report. The foregoing shall not, however, be construed to affect the Indenture Trustee's right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of any statement or opinion contained in any such document as provided in Section 7.01(b)(ii). 
 (e) Wherever in this Indenture it is provided that the absence of the occurrence and continuation of a Default, an Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or a Manager Termination Event is a condition precedent to the taking of any action by the Indenture Trustee at the request or direction of the Issuer, then notwithstanding that the satisfaction of such condition is a condition precedent to the Issuer's or the Indenture Trustee's right to make such request or direction, the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in acting in accordance with such request or direction if a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee does not have actual knowledge of the occurrence and continuation of such Default, Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event or Manager Termination Event. 
 Section 12.03. Acts of Noteholders. (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Noteholders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Indenture Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act of the Noteholders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 7.01) conclusive in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Section 12.03. 
 (b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Whenever such execution is by an officer of a corporation or a member of a limited liability company or a partnership on behalf of such corporation, limited liability company or partnership, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority. 
 (c) The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register. 
 (d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Notes shall bind the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration or transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, with respect to anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Notes. 
 
 82 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 12.04. Notices, Etc. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or act of Noteholders or other documents provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with 
 (a) the Indenture Trustee by any Noteholder or by the Issuer, shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, mailed by first-class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission in PDF format or overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, and received by, a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office listed below, or 
 (b) any other Person shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission in PDF format or prepaid overnight delivery service at the address listed below or at any other address subsequently furnished in writing to the Indenture Trustee by the applicable Person. 
 To the Indenture Trustee Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 Attention Corporate Trust Administration 
 Phone 
 Fax 
 To the Issuer Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC 
 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, Texas 77046 Attention Chief Financial Officer Email 
 Phone Fax 
 
 with a copy to Sunnova Energy Corporation 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, Texas 77046 Attention Chief Financial Officer Email 
 Phone Fax 
 
 To KBRA Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC 
 805 Third Avenue, 29th Floor 
 New York, New York 10022 
 Attention ABS Surveillance 
 Email 
 Phone 
 83 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

To Fitch Fitch Ratings, LLC 
 70 W. Madison 
 Chicago, Illinois 60602 
 Attention ABS Surveillance 
 Phone 
 Fax 
 
 Notices delivered to the Rating Agencies shall be by electronic delivery to the email address set forth above where information is available in electronic format. In addition, upon the written request of any beneficial owner of a Note, the Indenture Trustee shall provide to such beneficial owner copies of such notices, reports or other information delivered, in one or more of the means requested, by the Indenture Trustee hereunder to other Persons as such beneficial owner may reasonably request. 
 Section 12.05. Notices and Reports to Noteholders Waiver of Notices. (a) Where this Indenture provides for notice to Noteholders of any event or the mailing of any report to the Noteholders, such notice or report shall be written and shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if mailed, first-class, postage-prepaid, to each Noteholder affected by such event or to whom such report is required to be mailed or sent via electronic mail, at the address or electronic mail address of such Noteholder as it appears on the Note Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice or the mailing of such report. In any case where a notice or report to Noteholders is mailed in the manner provided above, neither the failure to mail such notice or report, nor any defect in any notice or report so mailed, to any particular Noteholder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice or report with respect to other Noteholders, and any notice or report which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given or provided. 
 (b) Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Noteholders shall be filed with the Indenture Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver. 
 (c) If, by reason of the suspension of regular mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to the Noteholders when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall promptly upon written request furnish to each Noteholder each Monthly Servicer Report and, unless directed to do so under any other provision of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document (in which case no request shall be necessary), a copy of all reports, financial statements and notices received by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents, but only with the use of a password provided by the Indenture Trustee provided, however, the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to provide such information described in this Section 12.05 until it has received the requisite information from the Issuer or the Servicer. The Indenture Trustee will 
 84 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

make no representation or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such documents and will assume no responsibility therefor. The Indenture Trustee's internet website will initially be located at www.wilmingtontrustconnect.com or at such other address as the Indenture Trustee shall notify the parties to the Indenture from time to time. In connection with providing access to the Indenture Trustee's website, the Indenture Trustee may require registration and the acceptance of a disclaimer. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for the dissemination of information in accordance with this Indenture. 
 Section 12.06. Rules by Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee may make reasonable rules for any meeting of Noteholders. 
 Section 12.07. Issuer Obligation. Each of the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder accepts that the enforcement against the Issuer under this Indenture and under the Notes shall be limited to the assets of the Issuer, whether tangible or intangible, real or person (including the Trust Estate) and the proceeds thereof. No recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, against (a) any member, manager, officer, employee, trustee, agent or director of the Issuer or of any predecessor of the Issuer, (b) any member, manager, beneficiary, officer, employee, trustee, agent, director or successor or assign of a holder of a member or limited liability company interest in the Issuer, or (c) any incorporator, subscriber to capital stock, stockholder, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture Trustee or any predecessor or successor thereof, with respect to the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Notes or any of the statements, representations, covenants, warranties or obligations of the Issuer under this Indenture or any Note or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith. 
 Section 12.08. Enforcement of Benefits. The Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders shall be entitled to enforce and, at the written direction (electronic means shall be sufficient) of and with indemnity by the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, the Indenture Trustee shall enforce the covenants and agreements of the Manager contained in the Management Agreement, the Servicer contained in the Servicing Agreement, Sunnova ABS Holdings X and the Depositor contained in the Contribution Agreement, the Performance Guarantor in the Performance Guaranty and each other Transaction Document. 
 Section 12.09. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Section and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 Section 12.10. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall bind their respective successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
 Section 12.11. Separability Entire Agreement. If any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as part of this Indenture, a provision as similar in its terms and purpose to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable. This Indenture reflects the entire agreement with respect to the matters covered by this Indenture and supersedes any prior agreements, commitments, drafts, communication, discussions and understandings, oral or written, with respect thereto. 
 85 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 12.12. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, any separate trustee or co-trustee appointed under Section 7.13 and the Noteholders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. 
 Section 12.13. Legal Holidays. If the date of any Payment Date or any other date on which principal of or interest on any Note is proposed to be paid or any date on which mailing of notices by the Indenture Trustee to any Person is required pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision of the Notes or this Indenture) payment or mailing of such notice need not be made on such date, but may be made or mailed on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made or mailed on the nominal date of any such Payment Date or other date for the payment of principal of or interest on any Note, or as if mailed on the nominal date of such mailing, as the case may be, and in the case of payments, no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal date, provided such payment is made in full on such next succeeding Business Day. 
 Section 12.14. Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) This Indenture and each Note shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York (including New York General Obligations Laws 5-1401 and 5-1402, but otherwise without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof, except with regard to the UCC) applicable to agreements made and to be performed therein. 
 (b) The parties hereto agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Commercial Division, New York State Supreme Court, and federal courts in the borough of Manhattan in the City of New York in the State of New York. 
 (c) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO AND EACH NOTEHOLDER BY ACCEPTANCE OF A NOTE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT OF TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BASED ON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS INDENTURE, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY MATTER ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 
 Section 12.15. Electronic Signatures and Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts (including electronic PDF), each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. This Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an electronic signature that complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, in each case to the extent applicable (ii) an original manual signature or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature provided, execution by electronic signature as contemplated in clause (i) shall be limited to instances of force majeure or other circumstances that make execution by such means necessary, unless the parties otherwise agree. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to 
 86 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute only one instrument. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any notice provided for in this Indenture or any instrument required or permitted to be delivered hereunder, any party hereto receiving or relying upon such notice or instrument shall be entitled to request execution thereof by original manual signature as a condition to the effectiveness thereof. 
 Section 12.16. Recording of Indenture. If this Indenture is subject to recording in any appropriate public recording offices, the Issuer shall effect such recording at its expense in compliance with an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the protection of the Noteholders or any other person secured hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. 
 Section 12.17. Further Assurances. The Issuer agrees to do and perform, from time to time, any and all acts and to execute any and all further instruments required or reasonably requested by the Indenture Trustee to effect more fully the purposes of this Indenture, including, without limitation, the execution of any financing statements or continuation statements relating to the Trust Estate for filing under the provisions of the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction. 
 Section 12.18. No Bankruptcy Petition Against the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee agrees (and each Noteholder and each Note Owner by its acceptance of a Note shall be deemed to agree) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Notes, it will not institute against the Issuer, or join any other Person in instituting against the Issuer, any Insolvency Proceedings or other Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State of the United States. This Section 12.18 shall survive the termination of this Indenture. 
 Section 12.19. Reserved 
 Section 12.20. Rule 15Ga-1 Compliance . 
 (a) To the extent a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee receives a demand for the repurchase of a Solar Loan based on a breach of a representation or warranty made by Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor of such Solar Loan (each, a Demand ), the Indenture Trustee agrees (i) if such Demand is in writing, promptly to forward such Demand to Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor, the Manager, the Servicer and the Issuer, and (ii) if such Demand is oral, to instruct the requesting party to submit such Demand in writing to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer. 
 (b) In connection with the repurchase of a Solar Loan pursuant to a Demand, any dispute with respect to a Demand, or the withdrawal or final rejection of a Demand by Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor of such Solar Loan, the Indenture Trustee agrees, to the extent a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge thereof, promptly to notify the Issuer, the Manager and the Depositor, in writing. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee will (i) notify the Issuer, the Manager and the Depositor as soon as practicable and in any event within three Business Days of the receipt thereof and in the manner set forth in Exhibit D hereof, of all Demands and provide to the Issuer any other information reasonably requested to facilitate compliance by it with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act Rule 15Ga-1 Information ), and (ii) if requested in writing by the Issuer or the Depositor, provide a written certification no later than ten days following any calendar quarter or 
 87 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

calendar year that the Indenture Trustee has not received any Demands for such period, or if Demands have been received during such period, that the Indenture Trustee has provided all the information reasonably requested under clause (i) above with respect to such Demands. For purposes of this Indenture, references to any calendar quarter shall mean the related preceding calendar quarter ending in January, April, July and October, as applicable. The Indenture Trustee has no duty or obligation to undertake any investigation or inquiry related to any repurchases of Solar Loans, or otherwise assume any additional duties or responsibilities, other than those express duties or responsibilities of the Indenture Trustee hereunder or under the Transaction Documents, and no such additional obligations or duties are otherwise implied by the terms of this Indenture. The Issuer has full responsibility for compliance with all related reporting requirements associated with the transaction completed by the Transaction Documents and for all interpretive issues regarding this information. 
 Section 12.21. Multiple Roles. The parties expressly acknowledge and consent to Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting in the multiple roles of Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager. Wilmington Trust, National Association may, in such capacities, discharge its separate functions fully, without hindrance or regard to conflict of interest principles or other breach of duties to the extent that any such conflict or breach arises from the performance by Wilmington Trust, National Association of express duties set forth in this Indenture in any of such capacities, all of which defenses, claims or assertions are hereby expressly waived by the other parties hereto except in the case of negligence (other than errors in judgment), bad faith or willful misconduct by Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 Section 12.22. PATRIOT Act . The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with the Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements established under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) and its implementing regulations (collectively, USA PATRIOT Act), the Indenture Trustee in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Indenture Trustee. Each party hereby agrees that it shall provide the Indenture Trustee with such information as the Indenture Trustee may request from time to time in order to comply with any applicable requirements of the Patriot Act 
 
 88 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Article XIII Termination 
 Section 13.01. Termination of Indenture . (a) This Indenture shall terminate on the Termination Date. The Servicer shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee in writing of any prospective termination pursuant to this Article XIII. Upon termination of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall notify the Lockbox Bank of the same pursuant to the Account Control Agreement, the Liens in favor of the Indenture Trustee on the Trust Estate shall automatically terminate and the Indenture Trustee shall convey and transfer of all right, title and interest in and to the Solar Loans and other property and funds in the Trust Estate to the Issuer. 
 (b) Notice of any prospective termination (other than pursuant to Section 6.01(a) with respect to Voluntary Prepayments in full), specifying the Payment Date for payment of the final payment and requesting the surrender of the Notes for cancellation, shall be given promptly by the Indenture Trustee by letter to the Noteholders as of the applicable Record Date and the Rating Agencies upon the Indenture Trustee receiving written notice of such event from the Issuer or the Servicer. The Issuer or the Servicer shall give such notice to the Indenture Trustee not later than the 5th day of the month of the final Payment Date describing (i) the Payment Date upon which final payment of the Notes shall be made, (ii) the amount of any such final payment, and (iii) the location for presentation and surrender of the Notes. Surrender of the Notes that are Definitive Notes shall be a condition of payment of such final payment. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 89 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, as Issuer 
 By s Robert L. Lane 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 By s Clarice Wright 
 Name Clarice Wright 
 Title Vice President 
 Agreed and Acknowledged 
 Sunnova ABS Management, LLC as Manager 
 
 By s Robert L. Lane 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sunnova ABS Management, LLC as Servicer 
 By s Robert L. Lane 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Sunnova 2022-C Indenture 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Energy Corporation with respect to Section 5.08 
 By s Robert L. Lane 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Sunnova 2022-C Indenture 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Annex A Standard Definitions 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Annex A 
 Standard Definitions 
 Rules of Construction. In these Standard Definitions and with respect to the Transaction Documents (as defined below), (a) the meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms, (b) in any Transaction Document, the words hereof, herein, hereunder and similar words refer to such Transaction Document as a whole and not to any particular provisions of such Transaction Document, (c) any subsection, Section, Article, Annex, Schedule and Exhibit references in any Transaction Document are to such Transaction Document unless otherwise specified, (d) the term documents includes any and all documents, instruments, agreements, certificates, indentures, notices and other writings, however evidenced (including electronically), (e) the term including is not limiting and (except to the extent specifically provided otherwise) shall mean including (without limitation) , (f) unless otherwise specified, in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from shall mean from and including, the words to and until each shall mean to but excluding, and the word through shall mean to and including , (g) the words may and might and similar terms used with respect to the taking of an action by any Person shall reflect that such action is optional and not required to be taken by such Person, and (h) references to an agreement or other document include references to such agreement or document as amended, restated, reformed, supplemented and or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, including the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Acceleration Event means the acceleration of the Notes following an Event of Default. 
 Acceleration Event Priority of Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 5.07(b) of the Indenture. 
 Account Control Agreement means the blocked account agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Issuer, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Lockbox Bank with respect to the Lockbox Account. 
 Account Property means the Accounts and all proceeds of the Accounts, including, without limitation, all amounts and investments held from time to time in any Account (whether in the form of deposit accounts, book-entry securities, uncertificated securities, security entitlements (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC as enacted in the State of New York), financial assets (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC), or any other investment property (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(49) of the UCC). 
 Accountant's Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a) of the Servicing Agreement. 
 -3- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Accounts means, collectively, the Lockbox Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account. 
 Acquisition Price has the meaning set forth in the Contribution Agreement. Act has the meaning set forth in Section 12.03 of the Indenture. 
 Adjusted Aggregate Closing Date Solar Loan Balance means the Aggregate Closing Date Solar Loan Balance less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount as of the Closing Date. 
 Adjusted Aggregate Solar Loan Balance means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to (i) the Aggregate Solar Loan Balance as of the end of the related Collection Period less (ii) the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount as of such date. 
 Administrative Fee Base Rate means and on each annual anniversary of the initial Determination Date will be increased by . 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, a Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 5 or more of any class of voting securities of the controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. For purposes of any ERISA related representations, Affiliate shall refer to any entity under common control with such Person within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code. 
 Agent Member has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a) of the Indenture. 
 Aggregate Closing Date Solar Loan Balance means an amount equal to the Aggregate Solar Loan Balance as of the Initial Cut-Off Date. 
 Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the Outstanding Note Balances of all Classes of Notes as of such date of determination. 
 Aggregate Solar Loan Balance means the sum of the Solar Loan Balances for all Solar Loans (excluding Defaulted Solar Loans). 
 -4- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Ancillary PV System Components means main panel upgrades, generators, critter guards, snow guards, electric vehicle chargers, roofing and landscaping materials, automatic transfer switches, load controllers and Energy Efficiency Upgrades. 
 Ancillary Solar Loan Agreement means, in respect of each Solar Loan, all agreements and documents ancillary to the Solar Loan Agreement associated with such Solar Loan, which are entered into with an Obligor in connection therewith. 
 Anticipated Repayment Date means the Payment Date occurring in November 2027. 
 
 Applicable Law means all applicable laws of any Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, laws relating to consumer finance and protection and any ordinances, judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs and orders or like actions of any Governmental Authority and rules and regulations of any federal, regional, state, county, municipal or other Governmental Authority. 
 Applicable Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(a) of the Indenture. 
 Authorized Officer means, with respect to any Person, the Chairman, Co-Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, any Assistant Vice President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer or any other authorized officer of the Person who is authorized to act for the Person and whose name appears on a list of such authorized officers furnished by the Person to the Indenture Trustee (containing the specimen signature of such officers), as such list may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 Available Funds means (i) all collections with respect to the Solar Loans (including net recoveries on Defaulted Solar Loans not repurchased and Insurance Proceeds received) deposited in or transferred to the Collection Account with respect to the related Collection Period, (ii) all amounts received from the Depositor upon its repurchase of Solar Loans during or with respect to the related Collection Period or from the Performance Guarantor pursuant to the Performance Guaranty to the extent deposited in the Collection Account, (iii) all amounts received as investment earnings on balances in the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account during the related Collection Period, (iv) amounts transferred to the Collection Account from the Reserve Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account or the Obligor Security Deposit Account, (v) if a Voluntary Prepayment Date is the same date as a Payment Date, amounts received in connection with a Voluntary Prepayment, in each case on deposit in the Collection Account and (vi) any Permitted Equity Cure Amount provided, however, that any amounts due during a Collection Period but deposited into the Collection Account within ten Business Days after the end of such Collection Period may, at the Servicer's option upon notice to the Indenture Trustee, be treated as if such amounts were on deposit in the Collection Account as of the end of such prior Collection Period and if so treated, such amounts shall not be considered Available Funds for any other Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, Obligor 
 -5- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Security Deposits on deposit in the Obligor Security Deposit Account (and not transferred to the Collection Account) and amounts received relating to Grid Services are not Available Funds. 
 Backup Servicer means Wilmington Trust in its capacity as the Backup Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
 Backup Servicer Expenses means (i) any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in taking any actions required in its role as Backup Servicer and (ii) any indemnities owed to the Backup Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
 Backup Servicing and Transition Manager Fee means on each Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments), an amount equal to . 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq., as amended. 
 Benefit Plan Investor has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(c)(vi) of the Indenture. 
 Book-Entry Notes means a beneficial interest in the Notes, ownership and transfers of which shall be made through book entries by a Securities Depository as described in Section 2.02 of the Indenture. 
 Business Day means any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday, or (ii) a day on which banking institutions in New York City, the cities in which the Servicer is located, the city in which the Custodian administers the Custodial Agreement or the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee is located are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. 
 Calculation Date means, with respect to a Payment Date, unless the context requires otherwise, the close of business on the last day of the related Collection Period. 
 Certifications has the meaning set forth in Section 4(d) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Class means all of the Notes of a series having the same Rated Final Maturity, interest rate, priority of payments and designation. 
 Class A Notes means the 5.30 Class A Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C issued pursuant to the Indenture. 
 Class B Notes means the 5.60 Class B Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C issued pursuant to the Indenture. 
 Class C Notes means the 6.00 Class C Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C issued pursuant to the Indenture. 
 -6- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Clearstream has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a) of the Indenture. 
 Closing Date means the date on which the conditions set forth in Section 6 of the Note Purchase Agreement are satisfied and the Notes are issued, which date shall be November 10, 2022. 
 Closing Date Certification shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any successor or amendatory statutes. 
 
 Collection Account means the segregated trust account with that name established with the Indenture Trustee (or such successor bank, if applicable) in the name of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Indenture. 
 Collection Period means, with respect to each Payment Date, the immediately preceding calendar month provided , however , the Collection Period for the initial Payment Date shall be the period from the Cut-Off Date to and including the last day of the calendar month prior to the initial Payment Date. 
 Consumer Protection Law means all Applicable Laws and implementing regulations protecting the rights of consumers, including but not limited to those Applicable Laws enforced or administered by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission, and any other federal or state Governmental Authority (such as, by way of example, the California Department of Consumer Affairs) empowered with similar responsibilities. 
 Contribution Agreement means the Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Depositor and the Issuer. 
 Controlling Class means the Class A Notes until the Outstanding Note Balance thereof has been reduced to zero, then the Class B Notes until the Outstanding Note Balance thereof has been reduced to zero, then the Class C Notes. 
 Conveyed Property has the meaning set forth in the Contribution Agreement. 
 Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Indenture Trustee at which its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office on the Closing Date shall be for note transfer purposes and for purposes of presentment and surrender of the Notes for the final distributions thereon, as well as for all other purposes, Wilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19890, Attention Corporate Trust Administration, or such other address as shall be designated by the Indenture Trustee in a written notice to the Issuer and the Servicer. 
 -7- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Cumulative Default Level means, for any Determination Date, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) (A) the aggregate Solar Loan Balances of all Solar Loans that became Defaulted Solar Loans since the Closing Date (other than Defaulted Solar Loans for which the Originator has exercised its option to repurchase or substitute for Defaulted Solar Loans), minus (B) any net liquidation proceeds received in respect of Defaulted Solar Loans for which the Originator did not exercise its option to repurchase or substitute since the Closing Date, divided by (ii) the Aggregate Closing Date Solar Loan Balance. 
 Custodial Agreement means that certain custodial agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Custodian, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer. 
 Custodian means U.S. Bank as custodian of the Custodian Files pursuant to the terms of the Custodial Agreement, and its permitted successors and assigns. 
 
 Custodian Fee means, for each Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) an amount equal to . 
 Custodian File means (i) either (a) for Solar Loan Agreements not held in an Electronic Vault, a PDF copy of the related Solar Loan Agreement signed by an Obligor, including any amendments thereto, or (b) the single authoritative copy of an electronic Solar Loan Agreement signed by an Obligor, including any amendments thereto, provided for both clauses (a) and (b) that if an amendment to a Solar Loan Agreement is not fully signed, the Custodian File shall only be deemed to contain such Solar Loan Agreement without giving effect to such amendment, (ii) regulatory disclosure statements to the applicable Solar Loan required by Consumer Protection Law, if any, (iii) to the extent not incorporated within the related Solar Loan Agreement, a fully executed copy of the related Production Guaranty and or Customer Warranty Agreement, if any, (iv) a signed electronic copy of the related Interconnection Agreement to which Sunnova Energy is a party, if any, (v) an executed copy of the related Net Metering Agreement to which Sunnova Energy is a party, if separate from the Interconnection Agreement, (vi) documents evidencing Permits to operate the related PV System, if any, (vii) all customer information with respect to ACH payments, if any, and (viii) any other documents the Manager routinely keeps on file, in accordance with its customary procedures, relating to such Solar Loan or the related Obligor, which may include documents evidencing permission to operate a PV System from the related utility, or Governmental Authority, as applicable, or rebates, if any. For purposes of clause (i) of this definition signed by an Obligor does not require the signature of any co-owner. 
 Customer Collections Policy means the Servicer's internal collection policy attached as Exhibit G to the Servicing Agreement. 
 Customer Warranty Agreement means (i) with respect to a PV System, any separate warranty agreement provided by Sunnova Energy to an Obligor (which may be an exhibit to a Solar Loan Agreement) in connection with the performance and installation of the related PV System and or Energy Storage System (which, in the case of a PV System, may include a Production Guaranty) and (ii) with respect to an Energy Storage System, any separate warranty 
 -8- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

agreement provided by Sunnova Energy to an Obligor pursuant to which Sunnova Energy or its agents have agreed to repair or replace an Energy Storage System in accordance with the terms of the Manufacturer's Warranty attached to such agreement. 
 Cut-Off Date means the Initial Cut-Off Date or each Subsequent Cut-Off Date. 
 Cut-Off Date Solar Loan Balance means, for a Solar Loan, the outstanding principal balance due under or in respect of such Solar Loan as of the related Cut-Off Date. 
 Dealer means a third party with whom the Originator or any of its affiliates contracts to source potential customers and to design, install and service PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems. 
 Dealer Warranty means a Dealer's workmanship warranty under which the Dealer is obligated, at its sole cost and expense, to correct defects in its installation work for a period of at 
 least ten years and provide a roof warranty of at least five years, in each case, from the date of installation. 
 Default means any event which results, or which with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both would result, in an Event of Default, a Manager Termination Event or a Servicer Termination Event. 
 Defaulted Solar Loan means a Solar Loan for which (i) the related Obligor is more than one hundred eighty (180) days past due from the original due date on or more of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Loan, (ii) an Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to an Obligor, (iii) the related PV System or Energy Storage System has been turned off due to an Obligor delinquency under the related Solar Loan Agreement or repossessed by the Servicer or Manager, or (iv) the Servicer has determined that all or any portion of the Solar Loan has been, in accordance with the Customer Credit and Collection Policy, placed on a non-accrual status or is non-collectible , a charge-off has been taken or any or all of the principal amount due under such Solar Loan has been reduced or forgiven. 
 Defective Solar Loan means a Solar Loan with respect to which it is determined by the Indenture Trustee (acting at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class) or the Manager, at any time, that Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X or the Depositor breached one or more of the applicable representations or warranties regarding eligibility of such Solar Loan contained in Exhibit A to the Contribution Agreement as of the related Cut-Off Date (or as of the Closing Date or related Transfer Date, as so provided in Exhibit A to the Contribution Agreement), which breach has a material adverse effect on the Noteholders and has not been cured within the applicable grace period or waived, in writing, by the Indenture Trustee, acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. 
 -9- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Deferred Interest Amount means with respect to a Class of Notes, an amount equal to the sum of (i) interest accrued during the related Interest Accrual Period at the applicable Note Rate on any unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts applied to such Class of Notes prior to such Payment Date and (ii) any unpaid Deferred Interest Amounts from prior Payment Dates, plus interest thereon at the applicable Note Rate, to the extent permitted by law. 
 Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 
 Definitive Notes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(c) of the Indenture. 
 Delinquent Solar Loan means a Solar Loan for which (i) the related Obligor is more than sixty (60) days past due from the original due date on or more of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Loan. 
 Delivery when used with respect to Account Property means 
 (i)(A) with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial paper, negotiable 
 certificates of deposit and other obligations that constitute instruments within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC, transfer thereof 
 (1) by physical delivery to the Indenture Trustee, indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or indorsed in blank 
 (2) by the Indenture Trustee continuously maintaining possession of such instrument and 
 (3) by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that such instrument is credited to the related Account 
 (B) with respect to a certificated security (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(4) 
 of the UCC), transfer thereof 
 (1) by physical delivery of such certificated security to the Indenture Trustee, provided that if the certificated security is in registered form, it shall be indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Indenture Trustee or indorsed in blank 
 (2) by the Indenture Trustee continuously maintaining possession of such certificated security and 
 (3) by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that such certificated security is credited to the related Account 
 -10- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(C) with respect to any security issued by the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Home 
 Loan Mortgage Corporation or the Federal National Mortgage Association that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book entry regulations, the following procedures, all in accordance with Applicable Law, including applicable federal regulations and Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC, transfer thereof 
 (1) by (x) book-entry registration of such property to an appropriate 
 book-entry account maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank by a securities intermediary which is also a depositary pursuant to applicable federal regulations and issuance by such securities intermediary of a deposit advice or other written confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Indenture Trustee of the purchase by the securities intermediary on behalf of the Indenture Trustee of such book-entry security the making by such securities intermediary of entries in its books and records identifying such book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations as belonging to the Indenture Trustee and continuously indicating that such securities intermediary holds such book-entry security solely as agent for the Indenture Trustee or (y) continuous book-entry registration of such property to a book-entry account maintained by the Indenture Trustee with a Federal Reserve Bank and 
 
 (2) by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that 
 property is credited to the related Account 
 (D) with respect to any asset in the Accounts that is an uncertificated security 
 (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC) and that is not governed by clause (C) above or clause (E) below 
 (1) transfer thereof 
 (a) by registration to the Indenture Trustee as the registered owner thereof, on the books and records of the issuer thereof or 
 (b) by another Person (not a securities intermediary) who either becomes the registered owner of the uncertificated security on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, or having become the registered owner, acknowledges that it holds for the Indenture Trustee or 
 (2) the issuer thereof has agreed that it will comply with instructions 
 originated by the Indenture Trustee with respect to such uncertificated security without further consent of the registered owner thereof or 
 (E) in the case of each security in the custody of or maintained on the books of 
 -11- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

a clearing corporation (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC) or its nominee, by causing 
 (1) the relevant clearing corporation to credit such security to a securities account of the Indenture Trustee at such clearing corporation and 
 (2) the Indenture Trustee to continuously indicate by book-entry that such security is credited to the related Account 
 (F) with respect to a security entitlement (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) 
 of the UCC) to be transferred to or for the benefit of a collateral agent and not governed by clauses (C) or (E) above if a securities intermediary (1) indicates by book entry that the underlying financial asset (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) has been credited to be the Indenture Trustee's securities account (as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC), (2) receives a financial asset from the Indenture Trustee or acquires the underlying financial asset for the Indenture Trustee, and in either case, accepts it for credit to the Indenture Trustee's securities account or (3) becomes obligated under other law, regulation or rule to credit the underlying financial asset to the Indenture Trustee's securities account, the making by the securities intermediary of entries on its books and records continuously identifying such security entitlement as belonging to the Indenture Trustee and continuously indicating by book-entry that such securities entitlement is credited to the Indenture Trustee's securities account and by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that such security entitlement (or all rights and 
 property of the Indenture Trustee representing such securities entitlement) is credited to the related Account and or 
 (ii) In the case of any such asset, such additional or alternative procedures as 
 are now or may hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete transfer of ownership of, or control over, any such assets in the Accounts to the Indenture Trustee free and clear of any adverse claims, consistent with changes in Applicable Law or the interpretation thereof. 
 In each case of Delivery contemplated by the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall make appropriate notations on its records, and shall cause the same to be made on the records of its nominees, indicating that securities are held in trust pursuant to and as provided in the Indenture. 
 Delivery of Custodian Files means, with respect to documents in PDF Form, actual receipt by the Custodian of the Custodian Files via electronic transmission, and, with respect to documents in Electronic Form, delivery of Custodian Files through the Electronic System and actual receipt of such Custodian Files within that portion of the Custodian's Electronic Vault partitioned and dedicated to the Issuer, and in all cases, the actual receipt by the Custodian of the Schedule of Solar Loans relating to Custodian Files so delivered at its designated office. 
 -12- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Depositor means Sunnova Helios X Depositor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Depositor Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the Issuer as the secured party and the Depositor as debtor. 
 Determination Date means, with respect to any Payment Date, the close of business on the third Business Day prior to such Payment Date. 
 DTC means The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation and its successors and assigns. 
 Due Date means each date on which any payment is due on a solar loan in accordance with its terms. 
 Easy Own Plan Equipment Purchase Agreement means a Solar Loan Agreement pursuant to which the related Obligor purchases a PV System from a Dealer using financing provided by Sunnova Energy and for which the related Obligor is not required to make interest payments on the portion of the Solar Loan Balance equal to the related Section 25D Credit Amount until a scheduled prepayment date, typically 18 months from the date on which the related PV System achieves PTO. 
 Easy Own Plan Solar Loan means a Solar Loan governed by an Easy Own Plan Equipment Purchase Agreement or a SunSafe Easy Own Plan Equipment Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Electronic Form means a document delivered and maintained in electronic form via the Electronic System. 
 Electronic System means the system provided and operated by eOriginal, or such other electronic document storage provider as may be mutually agreed upon by the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian, that enables electronic contracting and the transfer of documents maintained in Electronic Form into Physical Form. 
 Electronic Vault means the electronic vault created and maintained by eOriginal in order to store documents in Electronic Form pursuant to an agreement between the Custodian and eOriginal, or any other such electronic vault maintained by a provider mutually agreed upon by the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian, in which the Issuer's electronic original documents reside. 
 Electronic Vault Agreement means the agreement relating to the Electronic Vault between U.S. Bank National Association and the entity that operates and maintains the Electronic Vault. 
 -13- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Eligible Account means either (i) a segregated account or accounts maintained with an institution whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (x) the unsecured and uncollateralized long-term debt obligations of which institution shall be rated at least investment grade by S&P and the short-term debt obligations of which are at least investment grade by S&P and (y) the unsecured and uncollateralized long-term debt obligations of which institution shall be rated at least by Fitch or the short-term debt obligations of which are at least by Fitch, and which is (A) a federal savings and loan association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the federal banking laws, (B) an institution duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the applicable banking laws of any State, (C) a national banking association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the federal banking laws or (D) a subsidiary of a bank holding company, and as to which the Rating Agencies have indicated that the use of such account shall not cause the withdrawal of its rating on any Notes, (ii) a segregated trust account or accounts, which account(s) is governed by Title 12 section 9.10(b) of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, or a similar U.S. state law, and which is maintained with or by the trust department of a federal or State chartered depository institution, having capital and surplus of not less than , acting in its fiduciary capacity, and acceptable to each Rating Agency or (iii) with respect to the Obligor Security Deposit Account, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Eligible Investments means any one or more of the following obligations or securities 
 (i) (A) direct interest-bearing obligations of, and interest-bearing obligations 
 guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States (B) direct interest-bearing obligations of, and interest-bearing obligations guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by, the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, but only if, at the time of investment, such obligations are assigned the highest credit rating by S&P 
 and Fitch and (C) evidence of ownership of a proportionate interest in specified obligations described in (A) and or (B) above 
 (ii) demand, time deposits, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit of, and federal funds sold by, depository institutions or trust companies (including the Indenture Trustee acting in its commercial capacity) incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof (or domestic branches of foreign banks), subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking or depository institution authorities, and having, at the time of the Issuer's investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, a short term unsecured debt rating of by S&P and by Fitch, and a maturity of no more than 365 days 
 (iii) securities bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which have a rating of no less than by S&P and or by Fitch and a maturity of no more than 365 days 
 -14- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iv) commercial paper (including both non-interest bearing discount obligations and interest-bearing obligations payable on demand or on a specified date not more than one year after the closing date thereof) of any corporation (other than the Issuer, but including the Indenture Trustee, acting in its commercial capacity), incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof, that, at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, a rating of by S&P and or by Fitch, and a maturity of no more than 365 days 
 (v) money market mutual funds, including, without limitation, those of the Indenture Trustee or any Affiliate thereof, or any other mutual funds registered under the 1940 Act which invest only in other Eligible Investments, having a rating, at the time of such investment, in the highest rating category by S&P and Fitch, including any fund for which the Indenture Trustee or an Affiliate thereof serves as an investment advisor, administrator, shareholder servicing agent, and or custodian or subcustodian, notwithstanding that (A) the Indenture Trustee or an Affiliate thereof, charges and collects fees and expenses from such funds for services rendered, (B) the Indenture Trustee or an affiliate thereof, charges and collects fees and expenses for services rendered under the Transaction Documents and (C) services performed for such funds and pursuant to the Transaction Documents may converge at any time 
 (vi) repurchase agreements with respect to obligations of, or guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof when such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America provided, however , that the unsecured obligations of the party agreeing to repurchase such obligations at the time have a credit rating of no less than by S&P and or by Fitch and a maturity of no more than 365 days and 
 (vii) any investment agreement (including guaranteed investment certificates, forward delivery agreements, repurchase agreements or similar obligations) with an entity 
 which on the date of acquisition has a credit rating of no less than by S&P and or by Fitch and a maturity of no more than 365 days. 
 The Indenture Trustee, or an Affiliate thereof may charge and collect such fees from such funds as are collected customarily for services rendered to such funds (but not to exceed investments earnings thereon). 
 The Indenture Trustee may purchase from or sell to itself or an Affiliate, as principal or agent, the Eligible Investments listed above. All Eligible Investments in an Account shall be made in the name of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
 Eligible Letter of Credit Bank means a financial institution having total assets in excess of and with a long term rating of at least by S&P and a short term rating of at least by S&P and a long term rating of at least by Fitch or a short term rating of at least by Fitch. If the issuer of the Letter of Credit fails to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank on any date, the Indenture Trustee will be required, upon written direction of the 
 -15- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Issuer, the Manager or the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, to draw on the full amount of the Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds into the Reserve Account or Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, as applicable. 
 Eligible Solar Loan means a Solar Loan meeting, as of the related Cut-Off Date (or as of the Closing Date or related Transfer Date where so provided), all of the requirements set forth in Exhibit A of the Contribution Agreement. 
 Energy Efficiency Upgrades means energy efficiency upgrades offered to Obligors in connection with Solar Loan Agreements, including thermostats, LED or other energy efficient light bulbs, showerheads, power strips, faucet aerators, staircase covers, blown attic insulation, water heater insulation and attic baffles. 
 Energy Storage System means an energy storage system capable of delivering electricity to the location where installed without regard to connection to or operability of the electric grid in such location and to be used in connection with a PV System, including all equipment related thereto (including any battery management system, wiring, conduits and any replacement or additional parts included from time to time). 
 Engagement Letter means the engagement letter, dated as of June 3, 2021 by and between Sunnova Energy and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. 
 eOriginal means eOriginal, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors in interest or such other electronic document storage provider as may be mutually agreed upon by the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee (acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class) and the Custodian. 
 Equipment Replacement Reserve Account means the segregated trust account with that name established and maintained with the Indenture Trustee and in the name of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Indenture. 
 
 Equipment Replacement Reserve Deposit means an amount equal to (i) prior to the Anticipated Repayment Date, and (ii) on or after the Anticipated Repayment Date, the lesser of (a) the sum of (1) the product of (A) one-twelfth of and (B) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all the PV Systems related to the Solar Loans owned by the Issuer (excluding Defaulted Solar Loans in respect of PV Systems related to PV Solar Loans or PV ESS Solar Loans that are not operational and not in the process of being removed) on the related Determination Date and (2) the product of (A) one-twelfth of and (B) the aggregate storage capacity (measured in kWh) of the batteries included in Energy Storage Systems related to Solar Loans owned by the Issuer (excluding Defaulted Solar Loans in respect of Energy Storage Systems related to PV ESS Solar Loans or ESS Solar Loans that are not operational and not in the process of being removed) on the related Determination Date and (b) 
 -16- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(1) the Equipment Replacement Reserve Required Balance as of the related Determination Date, minus (2) the amount on deposit in the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account as of the related Determination Date, provided that the Equipment Replacement Reserve Deposit shall not be less than . 
 Equipment Replacement Reserve Required Balance means an amount equal to the sum of (a) the product of (1) and (2) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all PV Systems related to the Solar Loans owned by the Issuer (excluding Defaulted Solar Loans in respect of PV Systems related to PV Solar Loans or PV ESS Solar Loans that are not operational and not in the process of being removed) on the related Determination Date that have related Solar Loan Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related Manufacturer Warranty for the Inverter associated with such PV System and (b) the product of (1) and (2) the aggregate storage capacity (measured in kWh) of the batteries included in Energy Storage Systems related to Solar Loans owned by the Issuer (excluding Defaulted Solar Loans in respect of Energy Storage Systems related to PV ESS Solar Loans or ESS Solar Loans that are not operational and not in the process of being removed) on the related Determination Date that have related Solar Loan Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related Manufacturer Warranty for such Energy Storage System. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or supplemented. 
 ESIGN Act means the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, as such act may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 ESS Solar Loan means a Solar Loan used solely to finance the acquisition and installation of an Energy Storage System, and, if applicable, related Ancillary PV System Components. 
 Euroclear has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a) of the Indenture. EUWA means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01 of the Indenture. 
 Event of Loss means, with respect to a PV System or Energy Storage System, a loss that is deemed to have occurred with respect to a PV System or Energy Storage System if such PV 
 System or Energy Storage System, as applicable, is damaged or destroyed by fire, theft or other casualty and such PV System or Energy Storage System, as applicable, has become inoperable because of such events. 
 -17- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Extra Principal Distribution Amount means, on any Payment Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the amount by which Available Funds exceed the amount required to be distributed on such Payment Date pursuant to clauses (i) through (ix) of the Priority of Payments and (ii) the Overcollateralization Deficiency Amount on such Payment Date. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with any of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement, and any amendments made to any of the foregoing after the date of this Indenture. 
 FATCA Withholding Tax means any withholding or deduction made pursuant to FATCA in respect of any payment. 
 Financing Statements means, collectively, the Sunnova Intermediate Holdings Financing Statement, the Sunnova ABS Holdings X Financing Statement, the Depositor Financing Statement and the Issuer Financing Statement. 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and its successors and assigns. 
 Force Majeure Event means any event or circumstances beyond the reasonable control of and without the fault or negligence of the Person claiming Force Majeure. It shall include, without limitation, failure or interruption of the production, delivery or acceptance of electricity due to an act of god war (declared or undeclared) sabotage riot insurrection civil unrest or disturbance military or guerilla action terrorism economic sanction or embargo civil strike, work stoppage, slow-down, or lock-out explosion fire epidemic pandemic earthquake abnormal weather condition or actions of the elements hurricane flood lightning wind drought the binding order of any Governmental Authority (provided that such order has been resisted in good faith by all reasonable legal means) the failure to act on the part of any Governmental Authority (provided that such action has been timely requested and diligently pursued) unavailability of electricity from the utility grid, equipment, supplies or products (but not to the extent that any such availability of any of the foregoing results from the failure of the Person claiming Force Majeure to have exercised reasonable diligence) and failure of equipment not utilized by or under the control of the Person claiming Force Majeure. 
 GAAP means (i) generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied and (ii) upon mutual agreement of the parties, internationally recognized generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 
 
 -18- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Global Notes means, individually and collectively, the Regulation S Temporary Global Note, the Regulation S Permanent Global Note and the Rule 144A Global Note . 
 Governmental Authority means any national, State or local government (whether domestic or foreign), any political subdivision thereof or any other governmental, quasi-governmental, judicial, public or statutory instrumentality, authority, body, agency, bureau or entity, (including any zoning authority, the Federal Regulatory Energy Commission, the relevant State commissions, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal Reserve Board, any central bank or any comparable authority) or any arbitrator with authority to bind a party at law. 
 Grid Services means any grid services (including, but not limited to, resource adequacy, operating reserves, and load relief), energy services (including, but not limited to, demand reduction, energy injection, and energy consumption) and ancillary services (including, but not limited to, primary and secondary frequency response, frequency regulation, and voltage support) provided, however, that Grid Services shall not include the sale of energy to an Obligor pursuant to any Solar Loan Agreement. 
 Grant means to pledge, create and grant a Lien on and with regard to property. A Grant of a Solar Loan or of any other instrument shall include all rights, powers and options of the granting party thereunder, including without limitation the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and give receipts for principal and interest payments in respect of such collateral and all other moneys payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise, and generally to do and receive anything which the granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. 
 Highest Lawful Rate has the meaning set forth in the Contribution Agreement. 
 Holder means a Noteholder. 
 Indenture means the indenture between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, dated as of the Closing Date, as supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental thereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions thereof. 
 Indenture Trustee means Wilmington Trust, until a successor Person shall have become the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Indenture, and thereafter Indenture Trustee means such successor Person in its capacity as indenture trustee. 
 Indenture Trustee Fee means, for each Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) an amount equal to . 
 -19- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Independent Accountant means a nationally recognized firm of public accountants selected by the Servicer provided, that such firm is independent with respect to the Servicer within the meaning of the Securities Act. 
 
 Initial Cut-Off Date means August 31, 2022. 
 Initial Outstanding Note Balance means for the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, 103,400,000, 80,600,000 and 51,700,000, respectively. 
 Initial Purchaser means Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and its successors and assigns. 
 Initial Solar Loans means the Solar Loans identified on the Schedule of Solar Loans conveyed to the Issuer on the Closing Date. 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under the bankruptcy code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of such person's affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) days or (b) the commencement by such person of a voluntary case under any applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 Institutional Accredited Investor means an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) (1), (2), (3), (7) or (solely to the extent wholly owned directly or indirectly by an Institutional Accredited Investor) (8) of the Securities Act. 
 Insurance Policy means, with respect to any PV System and or Solar Energy System, any insurance policy benefiting the Manager or the owner of such PV System and or Solar Energy System and providing coverage for loss or physical damage, credit life, credit disability, theft, mechanical breakdown, gap or similar coverage with respect to such PV System and or Solar Energy System or the related Obligor. 
 Insurance Proceeds means any funds, moneys or other net proceeds received by the Issuer as the payee in connection with the physical loss or damage to a PV System and or Energy Storage System, a loss of revenue associated with a PV System and or Energy Storage System or 
 -20- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

any other insurable event, including any incident that will be covered by the insurance coverage paid for and maintained by the Manager on the Issuer's behalf. 
 Interconnection Agreement means, with respect to a PV System, a contractual obligation between a utility and an Obligor that allows the Obligor to interconnect such PV System and, if applicable, any related Energy Storage System to the utility electrical grid. 
 
 Interest Accrual Period means for any Payment Date, the period from and including the immediately preceding Payment Date to but excluding such Payment Date and in each case will be deemed to be a period of 30 days, except that the Interest Accrual Period for the first Payment Date shall be the number of days (assuming twelve 30-day months) from and including the Closing Date to, but excluding, the first Payment Date. 
 Interest Distribution Amount means with respect to each Class of Notes and any Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (a) interest accrued during the related Interest Accrual Period at the related Note Rate on the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes immediately prior to such Payment Date and (b) the amount of unpaid Interest Distribution Amount for such Class of Notes from prior Payment Dates plus, to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the related Note Rate. 
 Inverter means, with respect to a PV System, the necessary device(s) required to convert the variable direct electrical current (DC) output from a Solar Photovoltaic Panel into a utility frequency alternating electrical current (AC) that can be used by an Obligor's home or property, or that can be fed back into a utility electrical grid pursuant to an Interconnection Agreement. 
 Issuer means Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Issuer Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the Indenture Trustee as the secured party and the Issuer as the debtor. 
 Issuer Operating Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Issuer dated November 10, 2022. 
 Issuer Order means a written order or request signed in the name of the Issuer by an Authorized Officer and delivered to the Indenture Trustee. 
 Issuer Secured Obligations means all amounts and obligations which the Issuer may at any time owe to or on behalf of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders under the Indenture or the Notes. 
 KBRA means Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC, and its successors and assigns. 
 -21- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, easement or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected or effective under Applicable Law. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank and provided by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited in the Reserve Account or the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, as applicable, which Letter of Credit is to be as held an asset of the Reserve Account or the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account, as applicable. 
 
 Lockbox Account means that certain account established at the Lockbox Bank and maintained in the name of the Issuer (subject to an Account Control Agreement) and to which the Servicer has instructed all Obligors to direct any and all payments required to be made pursuant to the related Solar Loan Agreement or in connection with the related Solar Loan. 
 Lockbox Account Retained Balance means the amount as set forth in the Account Control Agreement for the payment of Lockbox Bank Fees and Charges. 
 Lockbox Bank means J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, National Association. 
 Lockbox Bank Fees and Charges mean those debits from the Lockbox Account expressly permitted under the Account Control Agreement. 
 Maintenance Log has the meaning set forth in Exhibit A of the Management Agreement. 
 Majority Noteholders means Noteholders representing greater than 50 of the Outstanding Note Balance of, as the context shall require, a Class of Notes or all Classes of Notes if then Outstanding. 
 Make Whole Amount means, with respect to a Voluntary Prepayment of the Notes prior to the Make Whole Determination Date, for (i) any Class A Notes or Class B Notes being prepaid is an amount (not less than zero) equal to the product of (A) the portion of such Class of Notes being prepaid and (B) if such Voluntary Prepayment occurs after the first anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the Make Whole Determination Date, 3.00 and (ii) any Class C Notes being prepaid is an amount (not less than zero) equal to the product of (A) the portion of the Class C Notes being prepaid and (B) (1) if such Voluntary Prepayment occurs after the first anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, 3.00 , (2) if such Voluntary Prepayment occurs on or after the second anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date, 2.00 and (3) if such Voluntary Prepayment occurs on or after the third anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the Make Whole Determination Date, 1.00 . 
 -22- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Make Whole Determination Date means the Payment Date occurring in November 2026. 
 Management Agreement means that certain management agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Manager, Transition Manager and the Issuer. 
 Management Services has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) of the Management Agreement. 
 Management Standard has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) of the Management Agreement. 
 Manager means Sunnova Management as the initial Manager or any other Replacement Manager acting as Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement. Unless the context otherwise 
 requires, Manager also refers to any successor Manager appointed pursuant to the Management Agreement. 
 Manager Extraordinary Expenses means (a) extraordinary expenses incurred by the Manager in accordance with the Management Standard in connection with (i) its performance of maintenance and operations services on a PV System or Energy Storage System on an emergency basis in order to prevent serious injury, loss or damage to persons or property (including any injury, loss or damage to a PV System or Energy Storage System caused by the Obligor), (ii) any litigation, arbitration or enforcement proceedings pursued by the Manager in respect of Manufacturer Warranties or Dealer Warranties, (iii) any litigation, arbitration or enforcement proceeding pursued by the Manager in respect of a Solar Loan Agreement, or (iv) the replacement of Inverters or Energy Storage Systems (or components thereof) that do not have the benefit of a Manufacturer Warranty or Dealer Warranty, to the extent not reimbursed from the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account (b) to the extent (i) a PV System or Energy Storage System suffers an Event of Loss, (ii) Insurance Proceeds are reduced by any applicable deductible and (iii) the Manager incurs costs related to the repair, restoration, replacement or rebuilding of such PV System or Energy Storage System in excess of the Insurance Proceeds that the Manager receives, an amount equal to the lesser of such excess and the applicable deductible and (c) all fees, expenses and other amounts that are paid by the Manager on behalf of the Issuer and incurred in connection with the operation or maintenance of the Solar Loans or the Transaction Documents, including (i) fees, expenses and other amounts paid to attorneys, accountants and other consultants and experts retained by the Issuer and (ii) any sales, use, franchise or property taxes that the Manager pays on behalf of the Issuer. 
 Manager Fee means for each Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) an amount equal to the product of (i) one-twelfth of the O&M Fee Base Rate and (ii) the sum of (1) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all PV Systems related to the Solar Loans owned by the Issuer as of the first day of the related Collection Period (excluding PV Systems related to Defaulted Solar Loans that are not 
 -23- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

operational and not in the process of being removed, repaired or replaced) and (2) kW multiplied by the number of ESS Solar Loans owned by the Issuer as of the first day of the related Collection Period (excluding Defaulted Solar Loans for which the related Energy Storage System is not operational and not in the process of being removed, repaired or replaced). 
 Manager Termination Event has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 of the Management Agreement. 
 Manufacturer Warranty means any warranty given by a manufacturer of a PV System or Energy Storage System relating to such PV System or Energy Storage System or, in each case any part or component thereof. 
 Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Person, any event or circumstance, individually or in the aggregate, having a material adverse effect on any of the following (i) the business, property, operations or financial condition of such Person or the Trust Estate, (ii) the ability of such Person to perform its respective obligations under the Transaction Documents 
 (including the obligation to make any payments) or (iii) the priority or enforceability of any Lien in favor of the Indenture Trustee. 
 Merchant Processing Amounts means amounts charged against all collected funds in the Lockbox Account by third party merchant processing service providers with respect to processing fees and Obligor chargebacks. 
 Monthly Manager Report means a report substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit D of the Management Agreement, delivered to the Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Transition Manager by the Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement. 
 Monthly Servicer Report means a report substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit D of the Servicing Agreement, delivered to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Rating Agencies and the Initial Purchaser by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
 Net Metering Agreement means, with respect to a PV System, as applicable, a contractual obligation between a utility and an Obligor that allows the Obligor to offset its regular utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit at a specified rate for energy generated by such PV System that is exported to the utility electrical grid and not consumed by the Obligor on its property. A Net Metering Agreement may be embedded or acknowledged in an Interconnection Agreement. 
 New York UCC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(g)(ii)(F) of the Indenture. 
 -24- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Note or Notes means, collectively, the 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022C, Class A, the 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B and the 6.00 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class C, issued pursuant to the Indenture. 
 Note Balance Write-Down Amount means, as of any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance after taking into account all distributions of principal on such Payment Date over (ii) the Adjusted Aggregate Solar Loan Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period. 
 Note Depository Agreement means the letter of representations dated the Closing Date, by the Issuer to DTC, as the initial Securities Depository, relating to the Book-Entry Notes. 
 Note Owner means, with respect to a Book-Entry Note, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Book-Entry Note, as reflected on the books of the Securities Depository or on the books of a Person maintaining an account with such Securities Depository (directly as a Securities Depository Participant or as an indirect participant, in each case in accordance with the rules of such Securities Depository) or the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Book-Entry Note, as reflected in the Note Register in accordance with Section 2.07 of the Indenture. 
 Note Purchase Agreement means that certain note purchase agreement dated November 3, 2022, among the Issuer, the Depositor, Sunnova Energy and the Initial Purchaser. 
 
 Note Rate means for the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, an annual rate of 5.30 , 5.60 and 6.00 , respectively. 
 Note Register and Note Registrar have the meanings set forth in Section 2.07 of the Indenture. 
 Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered in the Note Register. 
 Noteholder FATCA Information means information sufficient to eliminate the imposition of, or determine the amount of FATCA Withholding Tax. 
 Noteholder Tax Identification Information means properly completed, duly executed and valid tax certifications (generally, in the case of U.S. federal income tax, IRS Form W - 9 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a person that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or the appropriate IRS Form W - 8 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a person that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code). 
 Notice of Prepayment means the notice in the form of Exhibit C to the Indenture. 
 -25- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

NRSRO means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 Obligor means a borrower under a Solar Loan Agreement. 
 Obligor Security Deposit means any security deposit that an Obligor must provide in accordance with such Obligor s Solar Loan Agreement or Sunnova Energy's Transfer Policy. 
 Obligor Security Deposit Account means the segregated trust account with that name established with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or such successor bank, if applicable) in the name of the Originator and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Indenture. 
 O&M Fee Base Rate means and on each annual anniversary of the initial Determination Date will be increased by . 
 Offering Circular means that certain confidential offering circular dated November 3, 2022 related to the Notes. 
 Officer's Certificate means a certificate signed by an Authorized Officer or a Responsible Officer, as the case may be. 
 Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of counsel who may be outside counsel for the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee or other counsel and who shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, which shall comply with any applicable requirements of Section 12.02 of the Indenture and which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee. 
 
 Ordinary Course of Business means the ordinary conduct of business consistent with custom and practice for, as the context may require, the rooftop and ground mounted solar businesses (including with respect to quantity and frequency) of the Issuer and its Affiliates. 
 Originator means Sunnova Energy in its capacity as Originator. 
 Outstanding means, as of any date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except 
 (i) Notes theretofore canceled by the Note Registrar or delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation 
 (ii) Notes or portions thereof for whose payment money in the necessary amount in redemption thereof has been theretofore deposited with the Indenture Trustee in trust for the Holders of such Notes 
 (iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture and 
 -26- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iv) Notes alleged to have been destroyed, lost or stolen for which replacement Notes have been issued as provided for in Section 2.09 of the Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by a bona fide purchaser 
 provided, however, that in determining whether the Noteholders of the requisite percentage of the Outstanding Note Balance have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, Notes owned by Sunnova Energy, the Issuer or an Affiliate thereof shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, or waiver, only Notes which the Indenture Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee, in its sole discretion, the pledgee's right so to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not Sunnova Energy, the Issuer or an Affiliate thereof. 
 Outstanding Note Balance means, with respect to any Class of Notes, as of any date of determination, the Initial Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes, less (i) the sum of all principal payments (including any portion of Voluntary Prepayments attributable to principal payments) actually distributed to the Noteholders of such Class of Notes as of such date (other than in respect of reimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, if any) and (ii) all Note Balance Write-Down Amounts applied to such Class of Notes as of such date. 
 Overcollateralization Deficiency Amount means an amount on any Payment Date equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Required Overcollateralization Amount on such Payment Date over (ii) the Pro Forma Overcollateralization Amount on such Payment Date, which in no event shall be less than zero. 
 
 Overcollateralization Floor Percentage means . 
 Overcollateralization Release Amount means an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the Pro Forma Overcollateralization Amount on such Payment Date over (b) the Required Overcollateralization Amount on such Payment Date provided, that such amount will not exceed the amount of principal collected in respect of each Solar Loan during the related Collection Period (including principal in respect of prepayments of Solar Loans and Repurchase Prices or Substitution Shortfall Amounts paid in respect of Defaulted Solar Loans or Defective Solar Loans, if any, and without giving effect to any Merchant Processing Amounts debited from the Lockbox Account during the related Collection Period) for such Payment Date. 
 Ownership Interest means, with respect to any Note, any ownership interest in such Note, including any interest in such Note as the Noteholder thereof and any other interest therein, whether direct or indirect, legal or beneficial. 
 Parts means components of a PV System and or Energy Storage System. 
 -27- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Payment Date means the 20th day of each calendar month during which any of the Notes remain Outstanding, beginning in December 2022 provided , however , that if any such day is not a Business Day, then the payments due thereon shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 PDF Form means those documents in portable document format delivered to the Custodian via electronic transmission. 
 Percentage Interest means, with respect to each Class of Notes and any date of determination, a percentage equal to the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class divided by the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance. 
 Perfection UCCs means, with respect to each Solar Loan and the property related thereto, (i) the date-stamped copy of the filed Sunnova Intermediate Holdings Financing Statement, Sunnova ABS Holdings X Financing Statement and Depositor Financing Statement covering such Solar Loan and the related Conveyed Property and (ii) the date-stamped copy of the filed Issuer Financing Statement covering the Trust Estate and (iii) the date-stamped copy of the filed Termination Statements releasing the Liens held by creditors of Sunnova Energy, its Affiliates or any other Person (other than as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents) covering such Solar Loan and the related Conveyed Property, or, in the case of (iii) above, a copy of search results performed and certified by a national search company indicating that such Termination Statements have been filed in the UCC filing offices of the States in which the Financing Statements being terminated were originally filed. 
 Performance Guarantor means Sunnova Energy in its capacity as Performance Guarantor under the Performance Guaranty. 
 Performance Guaranty means the performance guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, made by the Performance Guarantor in favor of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. 
 Permits means, with respect to any PV System or Energy Storage System, the applicable permits, franchises, leases, orders, licenses, notices, certifications, approvals, exemptions, qualifications, rights or authorizations from or registration, notice or filing with any Governmental Authority required to operate such PV System or Energy Storage System. 
 Permitted Equity Cure Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 5.08 of the Indenture. 
 Permitted Liens means (i) any lien for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable, already paid or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) any other lien or encumbrance arising under or permitted by the Transaction Documents, and (iii) to the extent a PV System or Energy Storage System constitutes a fixture, any conflicting interest of an encumbrancer or owner of the real property that has or would have priority over the applicable UCC fixture filing. 
 -28- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or Governmental Authority. 
 Physical Form means a document maintained in physical paper form or a document previously maintained in Electronic Form which has been transferred to Physical Form. 
 Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 
 Post-ARD Additional Interest Rate means, for a Class of Notes, an annual rate determined by the Servicer to be the greater of (i) and (ii) the amount, if any, by which the sum of the following exceeds the related Note Rate (A) the yield to maturity (adjusted to a mortgage equivalent basis pursuant to the standards and practices of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association) on the Anticipated Repayment Date of the United States Treasury Security having a term closest to ten years, plus (B) , plus (C) the related Post-ARD Spread. 
 Post-ARD Spread means for the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, , and , respectively. 
 Post-Closing Date Certification has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Post-Transfer Date Certification has the meaning set forth in Section 4(d) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Predecessor Notes means, with respect to any particular Note, every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note and, for the purpose of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.09 of the Indenture in lieu of a lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the lost, destroyed or stolen Note. 
 
 Prepayment Amount has the meaning set forth in Exhibit C of the Indenture. 
 Principal Distribution Amount means, for any Payment Date, an amount equal to (i) if such Payment Date occurs during a Regular Amortization Period on any Payment Date prior to the Anticipated Repayment Date, the excess, if any, of (1) the sum of (x) the amount of principal collected in respect of each Solar Loan during the related Collection Period (including principal in respect of prepayments of Solar Loans and Repurchase Prices or Substitution Shortfall Amounts paid in respect of Defaulted Solar Loans or Defective Solar Loans, if any, and without giving effect to any Merchant Processing Amounts debited from the Lockbox Account during the related Collection Period), and (y) the outstanding principal balance of all Solar Loans that 
 -29- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

became Defaulted Solar Loans during the related Collection Period and were not substituted for or repurchased by the Depositor over (2) the Overcollateralization Release Amount for such Payment Date or (ii) if such Payment Date occurs during a Sequential Amortization Period or after the Anticipated Repayment Date, the entire amount of remaining Available Funds after making provisions for payments and distributions required under clauses (i) through (viii) in the Priority of Payments provided , however , in each case, the Principal Distribution Amount shall not exceed the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance as of such Payment Date prior to any distributions made on such Payment Date provided, further, if the sum of Available Funds plus the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account, the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account and the Section 25D Interest Account is greater than or equal to the sum of (a) the payments and distributions required under clauses (i) through (viii) in the Priority of Payments, (b) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance as of such Payment Date prior to any distributions made on such Payment Date and (c) all unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, Deferred Interest Amounts and Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts, then the Principal Distribution Amount shall equal the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance as of such Payment Date prior to any distributions made on such Payment Date. 
 PR Easy Own Plan Solar Loan means an Easy Own Plan Solar Loan originated after June 30, 2018 for a home located in Puerto Rico for which there is no Section 25D Credit Payment Date. 
 Priority of Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 5.07(a) of the Indenture. 
 Proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding. 
 Production Guaranty means, with respect to a PV System, an agreement in the form of a production warranty between the Obligor and Sunnova Energy, that specifies a minimum level of solar energy production, as measured in kWh, for a specified time period. A Production Guaranty stipulates the terms and conditions under which the related Obligor could be compensated or receive a production credit if the related PV System does not meet the electricity production minimums. 
 Pro Forma Overcollateralization Amount means, on any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Adjusted Aggregate Solar Loan Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period, over (ii) (a) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance on such Payment 
 Date, before taking into account any distributions of principal to the Noteholders on such Payment Date, plus (b) all unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts applied to the Notes prior to such Payment Date, minus (c) the amount of principal collected in respect of each Solar Loan during the related Collection Period (including principal in respect of prepayments of Solar Loans and Repurchase Prices or Substitution Shortfall Amounts paid in respect of Defaulted Solar Loans or Defective Solar Loans, if any, and without giving effect to any Merchant Processing Amounts debited from the Lockbox Account during the related Collection 
 -30- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Period), minus (d) the outstanding principal balance of all Solar Loans that became Defaulted Solar Loans during the related Collection Period and were not substituted for or repurchased by the Depositor. 
 Project means a PV System and or Solar Energy System, the associated Real Property Rights, rights under the applicable Solar Loan Agreements and all other related rights to the extent applicable thereto including, without limitation, all Parts and manufacturers' warranties and rights to access Obligor data. 
 Prudent Industry Practices means the practices, methods, acts and equipment (including but not limited to the practices, methods, acts and equipment engaged in or approved by a prudent, experienced participant in the renewable energy electric generation industry operating in the United States) that, at a particular time, in the exercise of reasonable judgment in light of the facts known or that reasonably should have been known at the time a decision was made, would have been expected to accomplish the desired result in a manner that complies with, and is otherwise consistent with, Applicable Law (including, for the avoidance of doubt all Consumer Protection Laws), Permits, codes and standards, equipment manufacturer's recommendations, reliability, safety and environmental protection. 
 PTO means, with respect to a PV System, the receipt of permission to operate from the related local utility in writing or in such other form as is customarily given by the related local utility. 
 PV ESS Solar Loan means a Solar Loan used to finance the acquisition and installation of a PV System and Energy Storage System, and, if applicable, related Ancillary PV System Components. 
 PV Solar Loan means a Solar Loan used to finance the acquisition and installation of a PV System, and, if applicable, related Ancillary PV System Components. 
 PV System means, a photovoltaic system, including Solar Photovoltaic Panels, Inverters, Racking Systems, wiring and other electrical devices, as applicable, conduits, weatherproof housings, hardware, remote monitoring equipment, connectors, meters, disconnects and over current devices (including any replacement or additional parts included from time to time). 
 QIB means qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
 Qualified Service Provider means an Independent Accountant or other service provider. 
 
 Qualified Service Provider Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(b) of the Servicing Agreement. 
 -31- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Qualified Substitute Solar Loan means a Solar Loan that meets each of the following criteria as of the related Transfer Date (i) qualifies as an Eligible Solar Loan, (ii) the Obligors related to the Qualified Substitute Solar Loans transferred to the Issuer on such Transfer Date have a weighted average credit score as of the date of origination of the Qualified Substitute Solar Loans greater than or equal to the weighted average credit score of the Obligors related to the subject Replaced Solar Loans as of the date of origination of the Replaced Solar Loans, (iii) the Qualified Substitute Solar Loans transferred to the Issuer on such Transfer Date have a weighted average current interest rate that is greater than or equal to the weighted average current interest rate of the subject Replaced Solar Loans, (iv) the Qualified Substitute Solar Loans transferred to the Issuer on such Transfer Date shall not cause the percentage concentration (measured by Solar Loan Balance as a percentage of the Aggregate Solar Loan Balance) of all Solar Loans owned by the Issuer on such Transfer Date (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Qualified Substitute Solar Loans transferred to the Issuer on such Transfer Date) for which the Related Property is located in (a) any one state or territory to exceed or (b) Puerto Rico to exceed , (v) the Qualified Substitute Solar Loans transferred to the Issuer on such Transfer Date shall not cause the percentage (measured by Solar Loan Balance as a percentage of the Aggregate Solar Loan Balance) of all Solar Loans (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Qualified Substitute Solar Loans transferred to the Issuer on such Transfer Date) that are PV ESS Solar Loans or ESS Solar Loans to exceed , (vi) does not have a remaining term to maturity later than the Rated Final Maturity and (vii) if the Section 25D Credit Payment Date for such Qualified Substitute Solar Loan shall not have occurred prior to such Transfer Date, the necessary amount shall have been deposited into the Section 25D Interest Account. 
 Racking System means, with respect to a PV System, the hardware required to mount and securely fasten a Solar Photovoltaic Panel onto the site where the PV System is located. 
 Rated Final Maturity means the Payment Date occurring in November 2049. 
 Rating Agency or Rating Agencies means either or both KBRA and Fitch, as the context may require. 
 Real Property Rights means all real property rights contained in the Solar Loan Agreements, if any. 
 Record Date means, with respect to any Payment Date or Voluntary Prepayment Date, (i) for Notes in book-entry form, the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date or Voluntary Prepayment Date, and (ii) for Definitive Notes the close of business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding the month in which such Payment Date or Voluntary Prepayment Date occurs. 
 Regular Amortization Period means any period which is not a Sequential Amortization Period. 
 Regulation S means Regulation S, as amended, promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 -32- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Regulation S Global Note means the Regulation S Temporary Global Note or the Regulation S Permanent Global Note, as appropriate. 
 Regulation S Permanent Global Note means the permanent global note, evidencing Notes, in the form of the Note attached to the Indenture as Exhibit A, that is deposited with and registered in the name of the Securities Depository or its nominee, representing the Notes sold in reliance on Regulation S. 
 Regulation S Temporary Global Note means a single temporary global note, evidencing Notes, in the form of the Note attached to the Indenture as Exhibit A, that is deposited with and registered in the name of the Securities Depository or its nominee, representing the Notes sold in reliance on Regulation S. 
 Related Property means, with respect to a Solar Loan, the real property on which the related PV System and or Energy Storage System is installed. 
 Removal Policy means the Manager's internal removal policy attached as Exhibit B to the Management Agreement. 
 Replaced Solar Loan means a Defective Solar Loan or a Defaulted Solar Loan for which the Depositor has substituted a Qualified Substitute Solar Loan pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. 
 Replacement Manager means any Person appointed to replace the Manager and to assume the obligations of Manager under the Management Agreement. 
 Replacement Servicer means any Person appointed to replace the Servicer and to assume the obligations of Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
 Repurchase Price means for a Defective Solar Loan or Defaulted Solar Loan an amount equal to sum of (i) the Solar Loan Balance of such Solar Loan immediately prior to becoming a Defective Solar Loan or Defaulted Solar Loan and (ii) any accrued and unpaid interest then due and payable on such Defective Solar Loan or Defaulted Solar Loan through the date such Defective Solar Loan or Defaulted Solar Loan is repurchased. 
 Required Overcollateralization Amount means, on any Payment Date, an amount equal to (i) during a Regular Amortization Period, the greater of (a) the product of (x) the Target Overcollateralization Percentage and (y) the Adjusted Aggregate Solar Loan Balance and (b) the product of (x) the Overcollateralization Floor Percentage and (y) the Adjusted Aggregate Closing Date Solar Loan Balance and (ii) during a Sequential Amortization Period, an amount equal to the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance plus unreimbursed Note Balance Write-Down Amounts, if any. 
 
 -33- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Reserve Account means the segregated trust account with that name established and maintained with the Indenture Trustee and in the name of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Indenture. 
 Reserve Account Floor Amount means the product of and the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance as of the Closing Date. 
 Reserve Account Required Balance means, for any Payment Date, the greater of (i) of the Aggregate Solar Loan Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (ii) the Reserve Account Floor Amount. On and after the Payment Date on which the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance of the Notes has been reduced to zero, the Reserve Account Required Balance will be equal to zero. 
 Responsible Officer means when used with respect to (i) the Indenture Trustee, the Transition Manager and the Backup Servicer, any President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer or Corporate Trust Officer, or any other officer in the Corporate Trust Office customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers and (ii) the Custodian, any President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer, or any other officer customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers, in each case having direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture. When used with respect to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee, the Custodian, the Transition Manager or the Backup Servicer that is not an individual, the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer, any Vice President, Assistant Vice President or the Controller of such Person, or any other officer or employee having similar functions. 
 Rule 144A means the rule designated as Rule 144A promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act. 
 Rule 144A Global Note means the permanent global note, evidencing Notes, in the form of the Note attached to the Indenture as Exhibit A, that is deposited with and registered in the name of the Securities Depository or its nominee, representing the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A. 
 Rule 17g-5 means Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act. 
 S means S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard & Poor's Financial Services, LLC, and its successors and assigns. 
 Schedule of Solar Loans means, as the context may require, the schedule of Solar Loans assigned by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova ABS Holdings X, assigned by Sunnova ABS Holdings X to the Depositor, assigned by the Depositor to the Issuer and pledged 
 -34- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee on the Closing Date or any Transfer Date, as such schedule may be supplemented from time to time for Qualified Substitute Solar Loans (in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents). 
 
 Scheduled Payment means, with respect to a solar loan for each Due Date, a scheduled payment of principal and or interest due on such Due Date. 
 Section 25D Credit Amount means, with respect to each Section 25D Easy Own Plan Solar Loan, the portion of the related Solar Loan Balance equal to the anticipated investment tax credit for the related PV System and, as applicable, Energy Storage System. 
 Section 25D Credit Payment Date means the date on which an Obligor in respect of a Section 25D Easy Own Plan Solar Loan is scheduled to pay the related Section 25D Credit Amount. 
 Section 25D Easy Own Plan Solar Loan means an Easy Own Plan Solar Loan other than a PR Easy Own Plan Solar Loan. 
 Section 25D Interest Account means the segregated trust account with that name established with the Indenture Trustee (or such successor bank, if applicable) in the name of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Indenture. 
 Section 25D Interest Account Required Amount means the sum of the Section 25D Interest Amounts for all Solar Loans that are Section 25D Easy Own Plan Solar Loans. 
 Section 25D Interest Amount for a Section 25D Easy Own Plan Solar Loan means (i) on the Closing Date or a Transfer Date, the amount of interest that accrues on the related Section 25D Credit Amount from the related Cut-Off Date at such Section 25D Easy Own Plan Solar Loan's interest rate until the Section 25D Credit Payment Date (assuming that no prepayment is made) and (ii) on each Payment Date, the amount of interest that accrues on the related Section 25D Credit Amount on and after such Payment Date at such Solar Loan's interest rate until the Section 25D Credit Payment Date (assuming no prepayment is made). 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Securities Depository means an organization registered as a Securities Depository pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 
 Securities Depository Participant means a broker, dealer, bank, other financial institution or other Person for whom from time to time a Securities Depository effects book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the Securities Depository. 
 SEI means Sunnova Energy International Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 -35- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sequential Amortization Event shall exist if, on any Determination Date, (a)(i) a Manager Termination Event, (ii) Servicer Termination Event or (iii) an Event of Default has occurred (b) as a condition to accepting its appointment as a Replacement Manager, such Replacement Manager requires an increase of at least to the existing O&M Fee Base Rate to perform the related duties (c) as a condition to accepting its appointment as a Replacement Servicer, such 
 Replacement Servicer (other than the Backup Servicer) requires an increase of at least to the existing Administrative Fee Base Rate to perform the related duties or (d) the Cumulative Default Level as of the last day of any Collection Period specified below exceeds the corresponding level specified below 
 Collection Period Cumulative Default Level 
 1 12 
 13 24 
 25 36 
 37 48 
 49 and thereafter 
 A Sequential Amortization Event of the type described in clauses (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above will continue until the Notes (including Deferred Interest Amounts, Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts and Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amounts) have been paid in full. A Sequential Amortization Event of the type described in clause (a)(iii) above will continue until the Payment Date on which the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing. A Sequential Amortization Event of the type described in clauses (b) and (c) above shall continue until the next Determination Date on which the then existing O&M Fee Base Rate or Administrative Fee Base Rate, as applicable, is no longer greater than the O&M Fee Base Rate or greater than the Administrative Fee Base Rate on the Closing Date. A Sequential Amortization Event of the type described in clause (d) above will continue until the Cumulative Default Level as of the last day of any Collection Period specified above no longer exceeds the corresponding level specified. Sequential Amortization Period means the period commencing on the Determination Date upon which a Sequential Amortization Event occurs and ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the Determination Date upon which all existing Sequential Amortization Events have been cured and no longer continuing and (ii) the day the Notes have been paid in full and all other amounts due and payable under the Indenture have been paid in full. 
 Servicer means, initially, Sunnova Management in its capacity as the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement and any Replacement Servicer. 
 Servicer Extraordinary Expenses means (a) extraordinary expenses incurred by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard in connection with any litigation, arbitration or enforcement proceeding pursued by the Servicer in respect of a Solar Loan Agreement and (b) all fees, expenses and other amounts that are paid by the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and incurred in connection with the financing or servicing of the Solar Loans or the Transaction Documents, including (i) fees, expenses and other amounts paid to attorneys, accountants and 
 -36- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

other consultants and experts retained by the Issuer and (ii) any sales, use, franchise or property taxes that the Servicer pays on behalf of the Issuer. 
 Servicer Fee means on each Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) the amount equal to the product of (a) one-twelfth of the Administrative Fee Base Rate and (b) the sum of (1) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all the PV Systems related to the Solar Loans owned by the Issuer as of the first day of the related Collection Period (excluding PV Systems related to Defaulted Solar Loans that are not operational and not in the process of being removed, repaired or replaced) and (2) 8.527 kW multiplied by the number of ESS Solar Loans owned by the Issuer as of the first day of the related Collection Period (excluding Defaulted Solar Loans for which the related Energy Storage System is not operational and not in the process of being removed, repaired or replaced). 
 Servicing Agreement means that certain servicing agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Issuer, the Servicer and the Backup Servicer. 
 Servicing Services has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a of the Servicing Agreement. 
 Servicing Standard has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a of the Servicing Agreement. 
 Servicer Termination Event has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 of the Servicing Agreement. 
 Settlement Statement means a settlement statement in the form of Exhibit C to the Contribution Agreement. 
 Similar Law has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(c)(vi) of the Indenture. Solar Loan means an Initial Solar Loan or a Qualified Substitute Solar Loan. 
 Solar Loan Agreement means, in respect of a Solar Loan, a loan and security agreement or retail installment sale and security agreement or other substantially similar agreement extending consumer credit entered into by the applicable Obligor and the Originator (or its approved Dealer) and all ancillary agreements and documents related thereto, including any related amendments thereto, but excluding any Production Guaranty or Customer Warranty Agreement. 
 Solar Loan Balance means, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal balance due under or in respect of a Solar Loan (including a Defaulted Solar Loan). 
 -37- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Solar Loan File means, with respect to a Solar Loan, the documents maintained by the Originator or the Servicer in connection with such Solar Loan, which includes each of the documents in the Custodian File with respect to such Solar Loan. 
 Solar Loan Servicing Files means such files, documents, and computer files (including those documents comprising the Custodian File) necessary for the Servicer to perform the Servicing Services. 
 Solar Loan Management Files means such files, documents, and computer files (including those documents comprising the Custodian File) necessary for the Manager to perform the Management Services. 
 
 Solar Photovoltaic Panel means, with respect to a PV System, the necessary hardware component that uses wafers made of silicon, cadmium telluride, or any other suitable material, to generate a direct electrical current (DC) output using energy from the sun's light. 
 Specified Discount Rate is 6.00 per annum. 
 State means any one or more of the states comprising the United States and the District of Columbia. 
 Subcontractor means any person to whom the Manager subcontracts any of its obligations under the Management Agreement, and any person to whom such obligations are further subcontracted of any tier. 
 Subsequent Cut-Off Date means, with respect to any Qualified Substitute Solar Loan, i) the close of business on the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the related Transfer Date or (ii) such other date designated by the Servicer. 
 Substitution Shortfall Amount means for any Qualified Substitute Solar Loan, an amount equal to the excess of the Solar Loan Balance of the substituted Solar Loan over the Solar Loan Balance of the Qualified Substitute Solar Loan. In the event more than one Solar Loan is substituted for, the Substitution Shortfall Amount shall be calculated on an aggregate basis for all substitutions made on such date. 
 Sunnova ABS Holdings X means Sunnova ABS Holdings X, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova ABS Holdings X Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the Depositor as the secured party and Sunnova ABS Holdings X as the debtor. 
 Sunnova Energy means Sunnova Energy Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 
 -38- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Intermediate Holdings means Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova Intermediate Holdings Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming Sunnova ABS Holdings X as the secured party and Sunnova Intermediate Holdings as the debtor. 
 Sunnova Management means Sunnova ABS Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Super-Majority Noteholders means Noteholders representing not less than 66-2 3 of the Outstanding Note Balance of, as the context shall require, a Class of Notes or all Classes of Notes if then Outstanding. 
 
 SunSafe Easy Own Plan Equipment Purchase Agreement means a Solar Loan Agreement pursuant to which the related Obligor finances the purchase of a PV System and an Energy Storage System is integrated with the PV System for which the related Obligor is not required to make interest payments on the portion of the Solar Loan Balance equal to the related Section 25D Credit Amount until a scheduled prepayment date, typically 18 months from the date on which the related PV System achieves PTO. 
 Target Overcollateralization Percentage means . 
 Tax (and, with correlative meaning, Taxes and Taxable means 
 (i) any taxes, customs, duties, charges, fees, levies, penalties or other assessments imposed by any federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority, including, but not limited to, income, gross receipts, windfall profit, severance, property, production, sales, use, license, excise, franchise, net worth, employment, occupation, payroll, withholding, social security, alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, transfer, stamp, unclaimed property or environmental tax, or any other tax, custom, duty, fee, levy or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount attributable thereto and 
 (ii) any liability for the payment of amounts with respect to payment of a type described in clause (i) , including as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, as a result of succeeding to such liability as a result of merger, conversion or asset transfer or as a result of any obligation under any tax sharing arrangement or tax indemnity agreement, but excluding any liability arising under any commercial agreement the primary purpose of which does not relate to Taxes. 
 Tax Opinion means an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that an amendment or modification of the Indenture will not materially adversely affect the federal income tax characterization of any Note, or adversely affect the federal tax classification status of the Issuer. 
 -39- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Tax Return means any return, report or similar statement required to be filed with respect to any Taxes (including attached schedules), including any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of estimated Tax. 
 Termination Date means the date on which the Indenture Trustee shall have received payment and performance of all Issuer Secured Obligations. 
 Termination Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(l) of the Indenture. 
 Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Indenture, the Management Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, the Servicing Agreement, the Custodial Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, any Letter of Credit and the Note Depository Agreement. 
 Transfer means any direct or indirect transfer or sale of any Ownership Interest in a Note. 
 
 Transfer Date means, with respect to a Qualified Substitute Solar Loan, the date upon which the Issuer acquires such Solar Loan from the Depositor. 
 Transfer Date Certification shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Transferee means any Person who is acquiring by Transfer any Ownership Interest in a Note. 
 Transition Manager means Wilmington Trust in its capacity as the transition manager under the Management Agreement. 
 Transition Manager Expenses means (i) any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in taking any actions required in its role as Transition Manager and (ii) any indemnities owed to the Transition Manager in accordance with the Management Agreement. 
 Trust Estate means all property and rights of the Issuer Granted to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Granting Clause of the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
 UETA shall mean the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as such act may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 U.S. Bank means U.S. Bank National Association. 
 U.S. Risk Retention Rules means the final rules, which require a sponsor of a securitization transaction (or a majority-owned affiliate of the sponsor) to retain a portion of the 
 -40- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

credit risk of the asset-backed securities transaction, adopted in October 2014 by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the Department of the Treasury, the SEC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to implement the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the Exchange Act as added by Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of New York or in any other State having jurisdiction over the assignment, transfer, pledge of the Solar Loans from the Originator to the Depositor, the Depositor to the Issuer or of the Trust Estate from the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee. 
 UCC Fixture Filing means a fixture filing as defined in Section 2-A-309 of the UCC covering a PV System naming the initial Servicer as secured party on behalf of the Issuer. 
 Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy means the Manager's internal reassignment policy attached as Exhibit F to the Servicing Agreement. 
 Vice President means, with respect to Sunnova Energy, any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title vice president. 
 Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(a) of the Indenture. Voluntary Prepayment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Voluntary Prepayment Servicer Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.5 of the Servicing Agreement. 
 Wilmington Trust means Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount means as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of (A) the present value of all future Scheduled Payments (as of the last day of the related Collection Period, if any) on the Solar Loans, with each Solar Loan discounted at its stated interest rate currently in effect over (B) the present value of all future Scheduled Payments (as of the last day of the related Collection Period, if any) on the Solar Loans, with each Solar Loan discounted at the greater of (i) its stated interest rate currently in effect and (ii) the Specified Discount Rate. For purposes of this definition of Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount, for any date of determination, (a) future Scheduled Payments on each Solar Loan are assumed to be equal to the next Scheduled Payment amount due (as of the last day of the related Collection Period), (b) payments are assumed to be made monthly over the remaining scheduled term of the Solar Loan without regard to any prepayments before the Cut-Off Date and without any delays, defaults or prepayments and (c) with respect to Solar Loans with an outstanding Section 25D Credit Amount and prior to the related Section 25D Credit 
 -41- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Payment Date, the Scheduled Payment will be assumed to equal the sum of (i) the actual Scheduled Payment and (ii) the additional payment that would be required to fully amortize the Section 25D Credit Amount over the period between the Section 25D Credit Payment Date and the maturity date of such Solar Loan, at the stated interest rate of such Solar Loan. 
 -42- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule I Schedule of Solar Loans 
 see attached 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A-1 Form of Class A Note 
 Note Number __ 
 Unless this Global Note is presented by an authorized representative of the Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation DTC ), to the Issuer or its Agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any global note issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC) any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any person is wrongful inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 
 Transfers of this Global Note shall be limited to transfers in whole, but not in part, to nominees of DTC or to a successor thereof or such successor's nominee and transfers of portions of this Global Note shall be limited to transfers made in accordance with the restrictions set forth in the Indenture referred to herein. 
 THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAW. NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. 
 
 EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN FOR, ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER OR VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND WILL BE CONSISTENT WITH ANY 
 A-1-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

APPLICABLE FIDUCIARY DUTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED UPON THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE. 
 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 100,000 AND IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE U.S. TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QIBS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE U.S. IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 For Temporary Regulation S Global Note, add the following 
 THIS NOTE IS A TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WHICH IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR A PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN. 
 
 PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE U.S. OR TO A U.S. PERSON EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 THE PURCHASER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY. 
 A-1-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sections 2.07 and 2.08 of the Indenture contain further restrictions on the transfer and resale of this Note (or interest therein). Each Transferee of this Note, by acceptance hereof, is deemed to have accepted this Note subject to the foregoing restrictions on transferability. 
 Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by its acceptance of this Note (or interest therein), covenants and agrees that such Noteholder or Note Owner, as the case may be, shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the process of any court or governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, indenture trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. 
 The principal of this Note is payable in installments as set forth herein. Accordingly, the outstanding principal amount of this Note at any time may be less than the amount shown on the face hereof. Any person acquiring this security may ascertain its current principal amount by inquiry of the Indenture Trustee. 

A-1-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C Class A Note 
 
 RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE 
 TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE 
 PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE 
 Original Issue Date Rated Final Maturity Issue Price November 10, 2022 November 22, 2049 94.61682 
 Registered Owner Cede & Co. 
 Initial Principal Balance Up to 103,400,000 
 CUSIP No. 86744WAA7 U8677LAA3 
 ISIN No. US86744WAA71 USU8677LAA36 
 
 This Certifies That Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (hereinafter called the Issuer ), which term includes any successor entity under the Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Indenture ), between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (together with any successor thereto, hereinafter called the Indenture Trustee ), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the Registered Owner named above or registered assigns, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Indenture, (A) the interest based on the Interest Accrual Period at the Note Rate defined in the Indenture, on each Payment Date beginning in December 2022 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), and (B) principal on each Payment Date in the manner and subject to the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, as set forth in the Indenture provided, however , that the Notes are subject to prepayment as set forth in the Indenture. This note (this Class A Note is one of a duly authorized series of Class A Notes of the Issuer designated as its Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A (the Class A Notes ). The Indenture authorizes the issuance of up to 103,400,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Class A Notes, up to 80,600,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B (the Class B Notes and up to 51,700,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 6.00 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class C (the Class C Notes and together with the Class A Notes and Class B Notes, the Notes ). The Indenture provides that the Notes will be entitled to receive payments in reduction of the Outstanding Note Balance, in the amounts, from the sources, and at the times more specifically as set forth in the Indenture. The Notes are secured by the Trust Estate (as defined in the Indenture). 
 A-1-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. All terms used in this Note which are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 The obligation of the Issuer to repay the Notes is a limited, nonrecourse obligation secured only by the Trust Estate. All payments of principal of and interest on the Class A Notes shall be made only from the Trust Estate, and each Noteholder and each Note Owner, by its acceptance of this Class A Note, agrees that it shall be entitled to payments solely from such Trust Estate pursuant to the terms of the Indenture. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class A Note may be less than the principal balance indicated on the face hereof. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class A Note at any time may be obtained from the Indenture Trustee. 
 With respect to payment of principal of and interest on the Class A Notes, the Indenture provides the following 
 (a) Until fully paid, principal payments on the Class A Notes will be made on each Payment Date in an amount, at the time, and in the manner provided in the Indenture. The Outstanding Note Balance of each Class A Note shall be payable no later than the Rated Final Maturity thereof unless the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class A Note becomes due and payable at an earlier date pursuant to this Indenture, and in each case such payment shall be made in an amount and in the manner provided in the Indenture. 
 (b) The Class A Notes shall bear interest on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon, at the applicable Note Rate. The Interest Distribution Amounts with respect to the Class A Notes shall be payable on each Payment Date to the extent that the Collection Account then contains sufficient amounts to pay such Interest Distribution Amounts pursuant to Section 5.07 of the Indenture. Each Interest Distribution Amount will accrue on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of twelve 30 day months. 
 All payments of interest and principal on the Class A Notes on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Class A Note is registered at the close of business as of the Record Date for such Payment Date in the manner provided in the Indenture. All reductions in the Outstanding Note Balance of a Class A Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by full or partial payments of installments of principal shall be binding upon all past, then current, and future Holders of such Class A Note and of any Class A Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Class A Note. 
 The Rated Final Maturity of the Notes is the Payment Date in November 2049 unless the Notes are earlier prepaid in whole or accelerated pursuant to the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall pay to each Class A Noteholder of record on the preceding Record Date either (i) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds to the account of such Class A Noteholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Class A Noteholder shall have provided to the Indenture Trustee appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to the related Payment Date (which instructions may remain in effect for subsequent 
 A-1-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Payment Dates unless revoked by the Class A Noteholder), or (ii) if not, by check mailed to such Class A Noteholder at the address of such Class A Noteholder appearing in the Note Register, the amounts to be paid to such Class A Noteholder pursuant to such Class A Noteholder's Notes provided, that so long as the Class A Notes are registered in the name of the Securities Depository such payments shall be made to the nominee thereof in immediately available funds. 
 The Class A Notes shall be subject to voluntary prepayment at the option of the Issuer in the manner and subject to the provisions of the Indenture. Whenever by the terms of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee is required to prepay the Class A Notes, and subject to and in accordance with the terms of Article VI of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall give notice of the prepayment in the manner prescribed by the Indenture. 
 Subject to certain restrictions contained in the Indenture, (i) the Class A Notes are issuable in the minimum denomination of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof (provided, that one Class A Note may be issued in an additional amount equal to any remaining portion of the Initial Outstanding Note Balance) and (ii) the Class A Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Class A Notes of authorized denominations of the same maturity. 
 The final payment on any Definitive Note shall be made only upon presentation and surrender of the Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee. 
 The Class A Noteholders shall have no right to enforce the provisions of the Indenture or to institute action to enforce the covenants therein, or to take any action with respect to any Event of Default, or to institute, appear in or defend any Proceedings with respect thereto, except as provided in the Indenture. 
 The Class A Notes may be exchanged, and their transfer may be registered, by the Noteholders in person or by their attorneys duly authorized in writing at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee only in the manner, subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, and upon surrender and cancellation of the Class A Notes. Upon exchange or registration of such transfer, a new registered Class A Note or Notes evidencing the same outstanding principal amount will be executed in exchange therefor. 
 All amounts collected as payments on the Trust Estate or otherwise shall be applied in the order of priority specified in the Indenture. 
 Each Person who has or who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Class A Note shall be deemed by the acceptance or acquisition of such Ownership Interest to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of the Indenture. A Noteholder may not sell, offer for sale, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer or encumber all or any part of its interest in the Class A Notes except pursuant to an effective registration statement covering such transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and effective qualification or registration under all applicable State securities laws and regulations or under an exemption from registration under said Securities Act and said State securities laws and regulations. 
 Add the following for Rule 144A Global Notes 
 A-1-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Interests in this Class A Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Temporary Regulation S Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, in each case subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 Add the following for Temporary Regulation S Global Notes 
 Interests in this Class A Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note, subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 On or after the 40 th day after the later of the Closing Date and the commencement of the offering of the Notes, interests in this Temporary Regulation S Global Note may be exchanged (free of charge) for interests in a Permanent Regulation S Global Note. The Permanent Regulation S Global Note shall be so issued and delivered in exchange for only that portion of this Temporary Regulation S Global Note in respect of which there shall have been presented to DTC by Euroclear or Clearstream a certification to the effect that it has received from or in respect of a person entitled to an interest (as shown by its records) a certification that the beneficial interests in such Temporary Regulation S Global Note are owned by persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). 
 Add the following for Permanent Regulation S Global Notes 
 Interests in this Class A Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note, subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 Prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Class A Notes, each Person who has or acquires an Ownership Interest in a Class A Note agrees that such Person will not institute against the Issuer, or join any other Person in instituting against the Issuer, any Insolvency Proceedings or other Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State. This covenant shall survive the termination of the Indenture. 
 Before the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class A Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Class A Note is registered (i) on any Record Date for purposes of making payments, and (ii) on any other date for any other purpose, as the owner hereof, whether or not this Class A Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 The Indenture permits the amendment thereof for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (and, in some cases, only with the consent of the Noteholder affected thereby) and compliance with certain other conditions. Any such consent by the Holder, at the time of the giving thereof, of this Class A Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Class A Note and of any Class A Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Class A Note. 
 A-1-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

The Class A Notes and all obligations with respect thereto, including obligations under the Indenture, will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely from the Trust Estate. Neither the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Performance Guarantor, the Depositor, the Manager, the Transition Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Custodian, the Note Registrar, the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity or in its capacity as Indenture Trustee, nor any of their respective Affiliates, agents, partners, beneficiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, stockholders of partners, employees or successors or assigns, shall be personally liable for any amounts payable, or performance due, under the Notes or the Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, each Noteholder and each Note Owner of any Class A Note by its acceptance thereof, and the Indenture Trustee, shall be deemed to have agreed (i) that it shall look only to the Trust Estate to satisfy the Issuer's obligations under or with respect to a Class A Note or the Indenture, including but not limited to liabilities under Article V of the Indenture and liabilities arising (whether at common law or equity) from breaches by the Issuer of any obligations, covenants and agreements herein or, to the extent enforceable, for any violation by the Issuer of applicable State or federal law or regulation, provided that, the Issuer shall not be relieved of liability hereunder with respect to any misrepresentation in the Indenture or any Transaction Document, or fraud, of the Issuer and (ii) to waive any rights it may have to obtain a deficiency or other monetary judgment against either the Issuer or any of its principals, directors, officers, beneficial owners, employees or agents (whether disclosed or undisclosed) or their respective assets (other than the Trust Estate). The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Trust Estate or any Person (other than the Issuer) for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Trust Estate (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by the Class A Notes or secured by the Indenture, but the same shall continue until paid or discharged or (iii) prevent the Indenture Trustee from exercising its rights with respect to the Grant, pursuant to the Indenture, of the Issuer's rights under the Transaction Documents. It is further understood that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or the Issuer as a party defendant in any action or suit or in the exercise of any remedy under the Notes or the Indenture, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained) enforced. It is expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released to the extent provided herein as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of the Indenture and the issuance of the Notes. 
 The remedies of the Holder of this Class A Note as provided herein, in the Indenture or in the other Transaction Documents, shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued solely against the assets of the Trust Estate. No failure on the part of the Noteholder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver or release thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy hereunder. 
 The Class A Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth. At the option of the Class A Noteholder, Class A Notes may be exchanged for Class A Notes of like terms, in any authorized denominations and of like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture. 
 A-1-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, a copy of which is on file with the Indenture Trustee, for the provisions, among others, with respect to (i) the nature and extent of the rights, duties and obligations of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Class A Noteholders (ii) the terms upon which the Class A Notes are executed and delivered (iii) the collection and disposition of payments or proceeds in respect of the Conveyed Property (iv) a description of the Trust Estate (v) the modification or amendment of the Indenture (vi) other matters and (vii) the definition of capitalized terms used in this Class A Note that are not defined herein to all of which the Class A Noteholders and Note Owners assent by the acceptance of the Class A Notes. 
 This Class A Note is issued pursuant to the Indenture and it and the Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws (including, without limitation, 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, but otherwise without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws). 
 Reference is hereby made to the provisions of the Indenture and such provisions are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
 Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee by manual signature, this Class A Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

In Witness Whereof, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth below. 
 Sunnova Helios X Issuer, as Issuer 
 By 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A-1-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee's Certificate of Authentication 
 This is one of the Class A Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 
 Dated 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

A-1-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Form of Assignment 
 For Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 
 (Please insert Social Security or Taxpayer Identification number of Assignee) 
 _______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ (Please Print or Typewrite Name and Address of Assignee) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ the within Note, and all rights thereunder, and hereby does irrevocably constitute and appoint 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ Attorney to transfer the within Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 Date ___________________ 

____________________________________ 
 Notice The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 A-1-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A-2 
 Form of Class B Note 
 Note Number __ 
 Unless this Global Note is presented by an authorized representative of the Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation DTC ), to the Issuer or its Agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any global note issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC) any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any person is wrongful inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 
 Transfers of this Global Note shall be limited to transfers in whole, but not in part, to nominees of DTC or to a successor thereof or such successor's nominee and transfers of portions of this Global Note shall be limited to transfers made in accordance with the restrictions set forth in the Indenture referred to herein. 
 THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAW. NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. 
 
 EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN FOR OR ON BEHALF OF OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER OR VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND WILL BE CONSISTENT WITH ANY 
 A-2-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

APPLICABLE FIDUCIARY DUTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED UPON THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE. 
 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 100,000 AND IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE U.S. TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QIBS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE U.S. IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 For Temporary Regulation S Global Note, add the following 
 THIS NOTE IS A TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WHICH IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR A PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN. 
 
 PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE U.S. OR TO A U.S. PERSON EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 THE PURCHASER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY. 
 A-2-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sections 2.07 and 2.08 of the Indenture contain further restrictions on the transfer and resale of this Note (or interest therein). Each Transferee of this Note, by acceptance hereof, is deemed to have accepted this Note subject to the foregoing restrictions on transferability. 
 Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by its acceptance of this Note (or interest therein), covenants and agrees that such Noteholder or Note Owner, as the case may be, shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the process of any court or governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, indenture trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. 
 The principal of this Note is payable in installments as set forth herein. Accordingly, the outstanding principal amount of this Note at any time may be less than the amount shown on the face hereof. Any person acquiring this security may ascertain its current principal amount by inquiry of the Indenture Trustee. 

A-2-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C Class B Note 
 
 RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE 
 TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE 
 PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE 
 Original Issue Date Rated Final Maturity Issue Price November 10, 2022 November 22, 2049 91.01762 
 Registered Owner Cede & Co. 
 Initial Principal Balance Up to 80,600,000 
 CUSIP No. 86744WAB5 U8677LAB1 
 ISIN No. US86744WAB54 USU8677LAB19 
 
 This Certifies That Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (hereinafter called the Issuer ), which term includes any successor entity under the Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Indenture ), between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (together with any successor thereto, hereinafter called the Indenture Trustee ), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the Registered Owner named above or registered assigns, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Indenture, (A) the interest based on the Interest Accrual Period at the Note Rate defined in the Indenture, on each Payment Date beginning in December 2022 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), and (B) principal on each Payment Date in the manner and subject to the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, as set forth in the Indenture provided, however , that the Notes are subject to prepayment as set forth in the Indenture. This note (this Class B Note is one of a duly authorized series of Class B Notes of the Issuer designated as its Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B (the Class B Notes ). The Indenture authorizes the issuance of up to 103,400,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A (the Class A Notes ), up to 80,600,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes and up to 51,700,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 6.00 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class C (the Class C Notes (together with the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes ). The Indenture provides that the Notes will be entitled to receive payments in reduction of the Outstanding Note Balance, in the amounts, from the sources, and at the times more specifically 
 A-2-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

as set forth in the Indenture. The Notes are secured by the Trust Estate (as defined in the Indenture). 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. All terms used in this Note which are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 The obligation of the Issuer to repay the Notes is a limited, nonrecourse obligation secured only by the Trust Estate. All payments of principal of and interest on the Class B Notes shall be made only from the Trust Estate, and each Noteholder and each Note Owner, by its acceptance of this Class B Note, agrees that it shall be entitled to payments solely from such Trust Estate pursuant to the terms of the Indenture. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class B Note may be less than the principal balance indicated on the face hereof. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class B Note at any time may be obtained from the Indenture Trustee. 
 With respect to payment of principal of and interest on the Class B Notes, the Indenture provides the following 
 (a) Until fully paid, principal payments on the Class B Notes will be made on each Payment Date in an amount, at the time, and in the manner provided in the Indenture. The Outstanding Note Balance of each Class B Note shall be payable no later than the Rated Final Maturity thereof unless the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class B Note becomes due and payable at an earlier date pursuant to the Indenture, and in each case such payment shall be made in an amount and in the manner provided in the Indenture. 
 (b) The Class B Notes shall bear interest on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon, at the applicable Note Rate. The Interest Distribution Amounts with respect to the Class B Notes shall be payable on each Payment Date to the extent that the Collection Account then contains sufficient amounts to pay such Interest Distribution Amounts pursuant to Section 5.07 of the Indenture. Each Interest Distribution Amount will accrue on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of twelve 30 day months. 
 All payments of interest and principal on the Class B Notes on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Class B Note is registered at the close of business as of the Record Date for such Payment Date in the manner provided in the Indenture. All reductions in the Outstanding Note Balance of a Class B Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by full or partial payments of installments of principal shall be binding upon all past, then current, and future Holders of such Class B Note and of any Class B Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Class B Note. 
 The Rated Final Maturity of the Notes is the Payment Date in November 2049 unless the Notes are earlier prepaid in whole or accelerated pursuant to the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall pay to each Class B Noteholder of record on the preceding Record Date either (i) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds to the account of such Class B Noteholder at 
 A-2-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Class B Noteholder shall have provided to the Indenture Trustee appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to the related Payment Date (which instructions may remain in effect for subsequent Payment Dates unless revoked by the Class B Noteholder), or (ii) if not, by check mailed to such Class B Noteholder at the address of such Class B Noteholder appearing in the Note Register, the amounts to be paid to such Class B Noteholder pursuant to such Class B Noteholder's Notes provided, that so long as the Class B Notes are registered in the name of the Securities Depository such payments shall be made to the nominee thereof in immediately available funds. 
 The Class B Notes shall be subject to voluntary prepayment at the option of the Issuer in the manner and subject to the provisions of the Indenture. Whenever by the terms of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee is required to prepay the Class B Notes, and subject to and in accordance with the terms of Article VI of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall give notice of the prepayment in the manner prescribed by the Indenture. 
 Subject to certain restrictions contained in the Indenture, (i) the Class B Notes are issuable in the minimum denomination of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof (provided, that one Class B Note may be issued in an additional amount equal to any remaining portion of the Initial Outstanding Note Balance) and (ii) the Class B Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Class B Notes of authorized denominations of the same maturity. 
 The final payment on any Definitive Note shall be made only upon presentation and surrender of the Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee. 
 The Class B Noteholders shall have no right to enforce the provisions of the Indenture or to institute action to enforce the covenants therein, or to take any action with respect to any Event of Default, or to institute, appear in or defend any Proceedings with respect thereto, except as provided in the Indenture. 
 The Class B Notes may be exchanged, and their transfer may be registered, by the Noteholders in person or by their attorneys duly authorized in writing at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee only in the manner, subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, and upon surrender and cancellation of the Class B Notes. Upon exchange or registration of such transfer, a new registered Class B Note or Notes evidencing the same outstanding principal amount will be executed in exchange therefor. 
 All amounts collected as payments on the Trust Estate or otherwise shall be applied in the order of priority specified in the Indenture. 
 Each Person who has or who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Class B Note shall be deemed by the acceptance or acquisition of such Ownership Interest to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of the Indenture. A Noteholder may not sell, offer for sale, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer or encumber all or any part of its interest in the Class B Notes except pursuant to an effective registration statement covering such transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and effective qualification or registration under all applicable State securities laws and regulations or under an exemption from registration under said Securities Act and said State securities laws and regulations. 
 Add the following for Rule 144A Global Notes 
 A-2-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Interests in this Class B Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Temporary Regulation S Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, in each case subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 Add the following for Temporary Regulation S Global Notes 
 Interests in this Class B Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note, subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 On or after the 40 th day after the later of the Closing Date and the commencement of the offering of the Notes, interests in this Temporary Regulation S Global Note may be exchanged (free of charge) for interests in a Permanent Regulation S Global Note. The Permanent Regulation S Global Note shall be so issued and delivered in exchange for only that portion of this Temporary Regulation S Global Note in respect of which there shall have been presented to DTC by Euroclear or Clearstream a certification to the effect that it has received from or in respect of a person entitled to an interest (as shown by its records) a certification that the beneficial interests in such Temporary Regulation S Global Note are owned by persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). 
 Add the following for Permanent Regulation S Global Notes 
 Interests in this Class B Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note, subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 Prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Class B Notes, each Person who has or acquires an Ownership Interest in a Class B Note agrees that such Person will not institute against the Issuer, or join any other Person in instituting against the Issuer, any Insolvency Proceedings or other Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State. This covenant shall survive the termination of the Indenture. 
 Before the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class B Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Class B Note is registered (i) on any Record Date for purposes of making payments, and (ii) on any other date for any other purpose, as the owner hereof, whether or not this Class B Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 The Indenture permits the amendment thereof for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (and, in some cases, only with the consent of the Noteholder affected thereby) and compliance with certain other conditions. Any such consent by the Holder, at the time of the giving thereof, of this Class B Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Class B Note and of any Class B Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Class B Note. 
 A-2-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

The Class B Notes and all obligations with respect thereto, including obligations under the Indenture, will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely from the Trust Estate. Neither the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Performance Guarantor, the Depositor, the Manager, the Transition Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Custodian, the Note Registrar, the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity or in its capacity as Indenture Trustee, nor any of their respective Affiliates, agents, partners, beneficiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, stockholders of partners, employees or successors or assigns, shall be personally liable for any amounts payable, or performance due, under the Notes or the Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, each Noteholder and each Note Owner of any Class B Note by its acceptance thereof, and the Indenture Trustee, shall be deemed to have agreed (i) that it shall look only to the Trust Estate to satisfy the Issuer's obligations under or with respect to a Class B Note or the Indenture, including but not limited to liabilities under Article V of the Indenture and liabilities arising (whether at common law or equity) from breaches by the Issuer of any obligations, covenants and agreements herein or, to the extent enforceable, for any violation by the Issuer of applicable State or federal law or regulation, provided that, the Issuer shall not be relieved of liability hereunder with respect to any misrepresentation in the Indenture or any Transaction Document, or fraud, of the Issuer and (ii) to waive any rights it may have to obtain a deficiency or other monetary judgment against either the Issuer or any of its principals, directors, officers, beneficial owners, employees or agents (whether disclosed or undisclosed) or their respective assets (other than the Trust Estate). The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Trust Estate or any Person (other than the Issuer) for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Trust Estate (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by the Class B Notes or secured by the Indenture, but the same shall continue until paid or discharged or (iii) prevent the Indenture Trustee from exercising its rights with respect to the Grant, pursuant to the Indenture, of the Issuer's rights under the Transaction Documents. It is further understood that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or the Issuer as a party defendant in any action or suit or in the exercise of any remedy under the Notes or the Indenture, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained) enforced. It is expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released to the extent provided herein as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of the Indenture and the issuance of the Notes. 
 The remedies of the Holder of this Class B Note as provided herein, in the Indenture or in the other Transaction Documents, shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued solely against the assets of the Trust Estate. No failure on the part of the Noteholder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver or release thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy hereunder. 
 The Class B Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth. At the option of the Class B Noteholder, Class B Notes may be exchanged for Class B Notes of like terms, in any authorized denominations and of like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture. 
 A-2-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, a copy of which is on file with the Indenture Trustee, for the provisions, among others, with respect to (i) the nature and extent of the rights, duties and obligations of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Class B Noteholders (ii) the terms upon which the Class B Notes are executed and delivered (iii) the collection and disposition of payments or proceeds in respect of the Conveyed Property (iv) a description of the Trust Estate (v) the modification or amendment of the Indenture (vi) other matters and (vii) the definition of capitalized terms used in this Class B Note that are not defined herein to all of which the Class B Noteholders and Note Owners assent by the acceptance of the Class B Notes. 
 This Class B Note is issued pursuant to the Indenture and it and the Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws (including, without limitation, 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, but otherwise without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws). 
 Reference is hereby made to the provisions of the Indenture and such provisions are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
 Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee by manual signature, this Class B Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

In Witness Whereof, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth below. 
 Sunnova Helios X Issuer, as Issuer 
 By 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A-2-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee's Certificate of Authentication 
 This is one of the Class B Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 
 Dated 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

A-2-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Form of Assignment 
 For Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 
 (Please insert Social Security or Taxpayer Identification number of Assignee) 
 _______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ (Please Print or Typewrite Name and Address of Assignee) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ the within Note, and all rights thereunder, and hereby does irrevocably constitute and appoint 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ Attorney to transfer the within Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 Date ___________________ 

____________________________________ 
 Notice The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 A-2-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A-3 
 Form of Class C Note 
 Note Number __ 
 Unless this Global Note is presented by an authorized representative of the Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation DTC ), to the Issuer or its Agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any global note issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC) any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any person is wrongful inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 
 Transfers of this Global Note shall be limited to transfers in whole, but not in part, to nominees of DTC or to a successor thereof or such successor's nominee and transfers of portions of this Global Note shall be limited to transfers made in accordance with the restrictions set forth in the Indenture referred to herein. 
 THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAW. NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. 
 
 EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN FOR OR ON BEHALF OF OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SEURITY ACT of 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER OR VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND WILL BE CONSISTENT WITH ANY 
 A-3-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

APPLICABLE FIDUCIARY DUTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED UPON THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE. 
 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 100,000 AND IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE U.S. TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QIBS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE U.S. IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 For Temporary Regulation S Global Note, add the following 
 THIS NOTE IS A TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WHICH IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR A PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN. 
 
 PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE U.S. OR TO A U.S. PERSON EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 THE PURCHASER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY. 
 A-3-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sections 2.07 and 2.08 of the Indenture contain further restrictions on the transfer and resale of this Note (or interest therein). Each Transferee of this Note, by acceptance hereof, is deemed to have accepted this Note subject to the foregoing restrictions on transferability. 
 Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by its acceptance of this Note (or interest therein), covenants and agrees that such Noteholder or Note Owner, as the case may be, shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the process of any court or governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, indenture trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. 
 The principal of this Note is payable in installments as set forth herein. Accordingly, the outstanding principal amount of this Note at any time may be less than the amount shown on the face hereof. Any person acquiring this security may ascertain its current principal amount by inquiry of the Indenture Trustee. 

A-3-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C Class C Note 
 
 RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE 
 TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE 
 PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE 
 Original Issue Date Rated Final Maturity Issue Price November 10, 2022 November 22, 2049 85.25820 
 Registered Owner Cede & Co. 
 Initial Principal Balance Up to 51,700,000 
 CUSIP No. 86744WAC3 U8677LAC9 
 ISIN No. US86744WAC38 USU8677LAC91 
 
 This Certifies That Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (hereinafter called the Issuer ), which term includes any successor entity under the Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Indenture ), between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (together with any successor thereto, hereinafter called the Indenture Trustee ), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the Registered Owner named above or registered assigns, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Indenture, (A) the interest based on the Interest Accrual Period at the Note Rate defined in the Indenture, on each Payment Date beginning in December 2022 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), and (B) principal on each Payment Date in the manner and subject to the Priority of Payments or the Acceleration Event Priority of Payments, as applicable, as set forth in the Indenture provided, however , that the Notes are subject to prepayment as set forth in the Indenture. This note (this Class C Note is one of a duly authorized series of Class C Notes of the Issuer designated as its Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 6.00 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class C (the Class C Notes ). The Indenture authorizes the issuance of up to 103,400,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A (the Class A Notes ), up to 80,600,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B (the Class B Notes and together with the Class A Notes and the Class C Notes, the Notes and up to 51,700,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Class C Notes. The Indenture provides that the Notes will be entitled to receive payments in reduction of the Outstanding Note 
 A-3-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Balance, in the amounts, from the sources, and at the times more specifically as set forth in the Indenture. The Notes are secured by the Trust Estate (as defined in the Indenture). 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. All terms used in this Note which are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 The obligation of the Issuer to repay the Notes is a limited, nonrecourse obligation secured only by the Trust Estate. All payments of principal of and interest on the Class C Notes shall be made only from the Trust Estate, and each Noteholder and each Note Owner, by its acceptance of this Class C Note, agrees that it shall be entitled to payments solely from such Trust Estate pursuant to the terms of the Indenture. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class C Note may be less than the principal balance indicated on the face hereof. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class C Note at any time may be obtained from the Indenture Trustee. 
 With respect to payment of principal of and interest on the Class C Notes, the Indenture provides the following 
 (a) Until fully paid, principal payments on the Class C Notes will be made on each Payment Date in an amount, at the time, and in the manner provided in the Indenture. The Outstanding Note Balance of each Class C Note shall be payable no later than the Rated Final Maturity thereof unless the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class C Note becomes due and payable at an earlier date pursuant to the Indenture, and in each case such payment shall be made in an amount and in the manner provided in the Indenture. 
 (b) The Class C Notes shall bear interest on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class C Notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon, at the applicable Note Rate. The Interest Distribution Amounts with respect to the Class C Notes shall be payable on each Payment Date to the extent that the Collection Account then contains sufficient amounts to pay such Interest Distribution Amounts pursuant to Section 5.07 of the Indenture. Each Interest Distribution Amount will accrue on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of twelve 30 day months. 
 All payments of interest and principal on the Class C Notes on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Class C Note is registered at the close of business as of the Record Date for such Payment Date in the manner provided in the Indenture. All reductions in the Outstanding Note Balance of a Class C Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by full or partial payments of installments of principal shall be binding upon all past, then current, and future Holders of such Class C Note and of any Class C Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Class C Note. 
 The Rated Final Maturity of the Notes is the Payment Date in February 2049 unless the Notes are earlier prepaid in whole or accelerated pursuant to the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall pay to each Class C Noteholder of record on the preceding Record Date either (i) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds to the account of such Class C Noteholder at 
 A-3-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Class C Noteholder shall have provided to the Indenture Trustee appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to the related Payment Date (which instructions may remain in effect for subsequent Payment Dates unless revoked by the Class C Noteholder), or (ii) if not, by check mailed to such Class C Noteholder at the address of such Class C Noteholder appearing in the Note Register, the amounts to be paid to such Class C Noteholder pursuant to such Class C Noteholder's Notes provided, that so long as the Class C Notes are registered in the name of the Securities Depository such payments shall be made to the nominee thereof in immediately available funds. 
 The Class C Notes shall be subject to voluntary prepayment at the option of the Issuer in the manner and subject to the provisions of the Indenture. Whenever by the terms of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee is required to prepay the Class C Notes, and subject to and in accordance with the terms of Article VI of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall give notice of the prepayment in the manner prescribed by the Indenture. 
 Subject to certain restrictions contained in the Indenture, (i) the Class C Notes are issuable in the minimum denomination of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof (provided, that one Class C Note may be issued in an additional amount equal to any remaining portion of the Initial Outstanding Note Balance) and (ii) the Class C Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Class C Notes of authorized denominations of the same maturity. 
 The final payment on any Definitive Note shall be made only upon presentation and surrender of the Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee. 
 The Class C Noteholders shall have no right to enforce the provisions of the Indenture or to institute action to enforce the covenants therein, or to take any action with respect to any Event of Default, or to institute, appear in or defend any Proceedings with respect thereto, except as provided in the Indenture. 
 The Class C Notes may be exchanged, and their transfer may be registered, by the Noteholders in person or by their attorneys duly authorized in writing at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee only in the manner, subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, and upon surrender and cancellation of the Class C Notes. Upon exchange or registration of such transfer, a new registered Class C Note or Notes evidencing the same outstanding principal amount will be executed in exchange therefor. 
 All amounts collected as payments on the Trust Estate or otherwise shall be applied in the order of priority specified in the Indenture. 
 Each Person who has or who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Class C Note shall be deemed by the acceptance or acquisition of such Ownership Interest to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of the Indenture. A Noteholder may not sell, offer for sale, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer or encumber all or any part of its interest in the Class C Notes except pursuant to an effective registration statement covering such transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and effective qualification or registration under all applicable State securities laws and regulations or under an exemption from registration under said Securities Act and said State securities laws and regulations. 
 Add the following for Rule 144A Global Notes 
 A-3-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Interests in this Class C Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Temporary Regulation S Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, in each case subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 Add the following for Temporary Regulation S Global Notes 
 Interests in this Class C Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note, subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 On or after the 40 th day after the later of the Closing Date and the commencement of the offering of the Notes, interests in this Temporary Regulation S Global Note may be exchanged (free of charge) for interests in a Permanent Regulation S Global Note. The Permanent Regulation S Global Note shall be so issued and delivered in exchange for only that portion of this Temporary Regulation S Global Note in respect of which there shall have been presented to DTC by Euroclear or Clearstream a certification to the effect that it has received from or in respect of a person entitled to an interest (as shown by its records) a certification that the beneficial interests in such Temporary Regulation S Global Note are owned by persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). 
 Add the following for Permanent Regulation S Global Notes 
 Interests in this Class C Note may be exchanged for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note, subject to the restrictions specified in the Indenture. 
 Prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Class C Notes, each Person who has or acquires an Ownership Interest in a Class C Note agrees that such Person will not institute against the Issuer, or join any other Person in instituting against the Issuer, any Insolvency Proceedings or other Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State. This covenant shall survive the termination of the Indenture. 
 Before the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class C Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Class C Note is registered (i) on any Record Date for purposes of making payments, and (ii) on any other date for any other purpose, as the owner hereof, whether or not this Class C Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 The Indenture permits the amendment thereof for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (and, in some cases, only with the consent of the Noteholder affected thereby) and compliance with certain other conditions. Any such consent by the Holder, at the time of the giving thereof, of this Class C Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Class C Note and of any Class C Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Class C Note. 
 A-3-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

The Class C Notes and all obligations with respect thereto, including obligations under the Indenture, will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely from the Trust Estate. Neither the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, the Performance Guarantor, the Depositor, the Manager, the Transition Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Custodian, the Note Registrar, the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity or in its capacity as Indenture Trustee, nor any of their respective Affiliates, agents, partners, beneficiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, stockholders of partners, employees or successors or assigns, shall be personally liable for any amounts payable, or performance due, under the Notes or the Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, each Noteholder and each Note Owner of any Class C Note by its acceptance thereof, and the Indenture Trustee, shall be deemed to have agreed (i) that it shall look only to the Trust Estate to satisfy the Issuer's obligations under or with respect to a Class C Note or the Indenture, including but not limited to liabilities under Article V of the Indenture and liabilities arising (whether at common law or equity) from breaches by the Issuer of any obligations, covenants and agreements herein or, to the extent enforceable, for any violation by the Issuer of applicable State or federal law or regulation, provided that, the Issuer shall not be relieved of liability hereunder with respect to any misrepresentation in the Indenture or any Transaction Document, or fraud, of the Issuer and (ii) to waive any rights it may have to obtain a deficiency or other monetary judgment against either the Issuer or any of its principals, directors, officers, beneficial owners, employees or agents (whether disclosed or undisclosed) or their respective assets (other than the Trust Estate). The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Trust Estate or any Person (other than the Issuer) for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Trust Estate (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by the Class C Notes or secured by the Indenture, but the same shall continue until paid or discharged or (iii) prevent the Indenture Trustee from exercising its rights with respect to the Grant, pursuant to the Indenture, of the Issuer's rights under the Transaction Documents. It is further understood that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or the Issuer as a party defendant in any action or suit or in the exercise of any remedy under the Notes or the Indenture, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained) enforced. It is expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released to the extent provided herein as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of the Indenture and the issuance of the Notes. 
 The remedies of the Holder of this Class C Note as provided herein, in the Indenture or in the other Transaction Documents, shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued solely against the assets of the Trust Estate. No failure on the part of the Noteholder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver or release thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy hereunder. 
 The Class C Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth. At the option of the Class C Noteholder, Class C Notes may be exchanged for Class C Notes of like terms, in any authorized denominations and of like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture. 
 A-3-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, a copy of which is on file with the Indenture Trustee, for the provisions, among others, with respect to (i) the nature and extent of the rights, duties and obligations of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Class C Noteholders (ii) the terms upon which the Class C Notes are executed and delivered (iii) the collection and disposition of payments or proceeds in respect of the Conveyed Property (iv) a description of the Trust Estate (v) the modification or amendment of the Indenture (vi) other matters and (vii) the definition of capitalized terms used in this Class C Note that are not defined herein to all of which the Class C Noteholders and Note Owners assent by the acceptance of the Class C Notes. 
 This Class C Note is issued pursuant to the Indenture and it and the Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws (including, without limitation, 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, but otherwise without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws). 
 Reference is hereby made to the provisions of the Indenture and such provisions are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
 Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee by manual signature, this Class C Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

In Witness Whereof, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth below. 
 Sunnova Helios X Issuer, as Issuer 
 By 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A-3-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee's Certificate of Authentication 
 This is one of the Class C Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 
 Dated 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

A-3-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Form of Assignment 
 For Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 
 (Please insert Social Security or Taxpayer Identification number of Assignee) 
 _______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ (Please Print or Typewrite Name and Address of Assignee) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ the within Note, and all rights thereunder, and hereby does irrevocably constitute and appoint 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ Attorney to transfer the within Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 Date ___________________ 

____________________________________ 
 Notice The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

A-3-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B-1 
 Form of Transfer Certificate for Exchange or Transfer From Rule 144A Global Note to Regulation S Global note 
 
 DATE 
 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attn Corporate Trust Administration 
 
 Re Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Indenture ), by and among Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC (the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 
 
 This letter relates to US __ aggregate Outstanding Note Balance of Notes, Class __ (the Notes which are held in the form of the Rule 144A Global Note (CUSIP No. __________) with the Depository in the name of insert name of transferor (the Transferor ). The Transferor has requested a transfer of such beneficial interest for an interest in the Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP No. __________) to be held with Euroclear Clearstream 1 (Common Code No. ___________) through the Depository. 
 In connection with such request and in respect of such Notes, the Transferor does hereby certify that such transfer has been effected in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture and (i) with respect to transfers made 2 pursuant to and in accordance with Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and accordingly the Transferor does hereby certify that 
 (1) the offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States, 
 (2) at the time the buy order was originated, the transferee was outside the United States or the Transferor and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believed that the transferee was outside the United States the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither the transferor nor any person 
 
 Select appropriate depository. 
 2 To be included only after the 40-day distribution compliance period. 
 B-1-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States , 3 
 (3) the transferee is not a U.S. Person within the meaning of Rule 902(k) of Regulation S nor a Person acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person, 4 
 (4) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, as applicable, 
 (5) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act, 
 (6) upon completion of the transaction, the beneficial interest being transferred as described above will be held with the Depository through Euroclear Clearstream . 5 
 or (ii) with respect to transfers made in reliance on Rule 144 under the Securities Act, the Transferor does hereby certify that the Notes being transferred are eligible for resale by the Transferor pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1) under the Securities Act. 6 
 This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer. 
 Insert Name of Transferor By _____________________ Name Title Dated 
 
 3 Insert one of these two provisions, which come from the definition of offshore transaction in Regulation S. 
 4 To be included only during the 40-day distribution compliance period. 
 5 Appropriate depository required for transfers prior to the end of the 40-day distribution compliance period. 
 6 To be included only after the 40-day distribution compliance period. 
 B-1-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B-2 Form Of Transfer Certificate For Exchange Or Transfer From Regulation S Global Note To Rule 144A Global Note 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attn Corporate Trust Administration 
 
 Re Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Indenture ), by and among Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC (the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 
 
 This letter relates to US ___ aggregate Outstanding Note Balance of Notes, Class __ (the Notes which are held in the form of the Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP No. __________) with Euroclear Clearstream 7 (Common Code No. __________) through the Depository in the name of insert name of transferor (the Transferor ). The Transferor has requested a transfer of such beneficial interest in the Notes for an interest in the Regulation 144A Global Note (CUSIP No. __________). 
 In connection with such request, and in respect of such Notes, the Transferor does hereby certify that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with (i) the transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture, and (ii) (A) Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a transferee that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the Notes for its own account with respect to which the transferee exercises sole investment discretion and the transferee and any such account is a QIB QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A, in each case in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State or any other applicable jurisdiction or (B) to a QIB pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act provided that an Opinion of Counsel confirming the applicability of the exemption claimed shall have been delivered to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in a form reasonably acceptable to them. 

7 Select appropriate depository. 
 B-2-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer. 
 Insert Name of Transferor By ______________________ Name Title Dated 
 B-2-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B-3 Form Of Transfer Certificate For Transfer From Definitive Note To Definitive Note 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attn Corporate Trust Administration 
 
 Re Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Indenture ), by and among Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC (the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 
 This letter relates to US ___ aggregate Outstanding Note Balance of Notes, Class __ (the Notes which are held as Definitive Notes (CUSIP No. __________) in the name of insert name of transferor (the Transferor ). The Transferor has requested a transfer of such beneficial interest in the Notes to insert name of transferee (the Transferee ). 
 In connection with such request, and in respect of such Notes, the Transferor does hereby certify that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with (i) the transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture, and (ii) (A) Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a transferee that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the Notes for its own account with respect to which the transferee exercises sole investment discretion and the transferee and any such account is a QIB QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A, in each case in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State or any other applicable jurisdiction, (B) pursuant to and in accordance with Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (C) pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act provided that an Opinion of Counsel confirming the applicability of the exemption claimed shall have been delivered to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in a form reasonably acceptable to them. 
 If transfer is pursuant to Regulation S, add the following 
 The Transferor hereby certifies that 
 (1) the offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States, 
 (2) at the time the buy order was originated, the transferee was outside the United States or the Transferor and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believed that the transferee was outside the United States the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither the transferor nor any person 
 B-3-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States 8 , 
 (3) the transferee is not a U.S. Person within the meaning of Rule 902(k) of Regulation S nor a Person acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person, 
 (4) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, as applicable, and 
 (5) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer. 
 Insert Name of Transferor By ______________________ Name Title Dated 
 
 8 Insert one of these two provisions, which come from the definition of offshore transaction in Regulation S. 
 B-3-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit C Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC Notice of Voluntary Prepayment 
 
 DATE 
 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attn Corporate Trust Administration 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation 
 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, TX 77046 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 

Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Pursuant to Section 6.01 of the Indenture dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Indenture ), between Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC (the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Indenture Trustee ), the Indenture Trustee is hereby directed to prepay in whole part the Issuer's _ _ _ Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A B C on _______ __, 20__ (the Voluntary Prepayment Date ). 
 FOR PREPAYMENT OF ALL OUTSTANDING NOTES On or prior to the Voluntary Prepayment Date, as required by Section 6.02 of the Indenture, the Issuer shall deposit into the Collection Account, the sum of (A) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, (B) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (C) the Make Whole Amount, if any, (D) the Note Balance Write-Down Amount, if any, (E) the Deferred Interest Amount, if any, (F) the Post-ARD Additional Interest Amount, if any, (G) the Deferred Post-ARD Additional Interest Amount, if any, and (H) all amounts owed to the Indenture Trustee, the Manager, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Transition Manager and any other parties to the Transaction Documents, minus the sum of the amounts then on deposit in the Reserve Account, the Section 25D Interest Account and the Equipment Replacement Reserve Account (the Prepayment Amount ). 
 FOR PREPAYMENT IN PART On or prior to the Voluntary Prepayment Date, as required by Section 6.02 of the Indenture, the Issuer shall deposit into the Collection Account, the sum of (i) the amount of outstanding principal of the Notes being prepaid, (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and (iii) the related Make Whole Amount, if applicable (the Prepayment Amount ). 
 On the specified Voluntary Prepayment Date, provided that the Indenture Trustee has received the Prepayment Amount, on or prior to such specified Voluntary Prepayment Date, the Indenture Trustee is directed to (x) withdraw the Prepayment Amount from the Collection Account and disburse such amounts in accordance with the Priority of Payments (without giving effect to clauses (vii) through (xi) thereof) and (y) to the extent the Aggregate Outstanding Note 
 C-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Balance is prepaid and all other obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents have been paid, release any remaining assets in the Trust Estate to, or at the direction of, the Issuer. 
 You are hereby instructed to provide all notices of prepayment required by Section 6.02 of the Indenture. All terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Indenture. 
 signature page follows 
 
 C-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed this Notice of Voluntary Prepayment on the ___ day of _________, _____. 
 
 Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, as Issuer 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 C-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit D 
 RULE 15GA-1 INFORMATION 
 Reporting Period 
 
 Asset Class Shelf Series Name CIK Originator No. Servicer No. Outstanding Principal Balance Repurchase Type Indicate Repurchase Activity During the Reporting Period by Checkmark or by Date Reference (as applicable) Subject to Demand Repurchased or Replaced Repurchased Pending Demand in Dispute Demand Withdrawn Demand Rejected 
 
 Terms and Definitions 
 NOTE Any date included on this report is subject to the descriptions below. Dates referenced on this report for this Transaction where the Servicer is not the Repurchase Enforcer (as defined below) availability of such information may be dependent upon information received from other parties. 
 References to Repurchaser shall mean the party obligated under the Transaction Documents to repurchase a . References to Repurchase Enforcer shall mean the party obligated under the Transaction Documents to enforce the obligations of any Repurchaser. 
 Outstanding Principal Balance For purposes of this report, the Outstanding Principal Balance of a in this Transaction equals the remaining outstanding principal balance of the reflected on the distribution or payment reports at the end of the related reporting period, or if the has been liquidated prior to the end of the related reporting period, the final outstanding principal balance of the reflected on the distribution or payment reports prior to liquidation. 
 Subject to Demand The date when a demand for repurchase is identified and coded by the Servicer or Indenture Trustee as a repurchase related request. 
 Repurchased or Replaced The date when a is repurchased or replaced. To the extent such date is unavailable, the date upon which the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee obtained actual knowledge a has been repurchased or replaced. 
 Repurchase Pending A is identified as Repurchase Pending when a demand notice is sent by the Indenture Trustee, as Repurchase Enforcer, to the Repurchaser. A remains in this category until (i) a has been Repurchased, (ii) a request is determined to be a Demand in Dispute , (iii) a request is determined to be a Demand Withdrawn , or (iv) a request is determined to be a Demand Rejected. 
 With respect to the Servicer only, a is identified as Repurchase Pending on the date (y) the Servicer sends notice of any request for repurchase to the related Repurchase Enforcer, or (z) the Servicer receives notice of a repurchase request but determines it is not required to take further action regarding such request pursuant to its obligations under the applicable Transaction Documents. The will remain in this category until the Servicer receives actual knowledge from the related Repurchase Enforcer, Repurchaser, or other party, that the repurchase request 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

should be changed to Demand in Dispute , Demand Withdrawn , Demand Rejected , or Repurchased. 
 Demand in Dispute Occurs (i) when a response is received from the Repurchaser which refutes a repurchase request, or (ii) upon the expiration of any applicable cure period. 
 Demand Withdrawn The date when a previously submitted repurchase request is withdrawn by the original requesting party. To the extent such date is not available, the date when the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee receives actual knowledge of any such withdrawal. 
 Demand Rejected The date when the Indenture Trustee, as Repurchase Enforcer, has determined that it will no longer pursue enforcement of a previously submitted repurchase request. To the extent such date is not otherwise available, the date when the Servicer receives actual knowledge from the Indenture Trustee, as Repurchase Enforcer, that it has determined not to pursue a repurchase request. 
 In connection therewith, if Proceedings are commenced or threatened in writing in connection with which this certificate is or would be relevant, we irrevocably authorize you to produce this certification to any interested party in such Proceedings. 
 Date ____________, 20__ 9 
 Yours faithfully, 
 
 By _________________________________ Name Title 
 
 9 To be dated no later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Demands by the Indenture Trustee. 
 D-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-4.22>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 exhibit1019-helxnotepurcha.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 
 Exhibit 10.19 
 EXECUTION COPY 

 SUNNOVA HELIOS X ISSUER, LLC 
 SOLAR LOAN BACKED NOTES, SERIES 2022-C 
 103,400,000 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A 80,600,000 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B 
 NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 November 3, 2022 
 CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC 
 Eleven Madison Avenue, 4th Floor 
 New York, New York 10010-3629 

Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Section 1. Introductory . Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Issuer ), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to sell to Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (the Initial Purchaser ), the 5.30 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class A (the Class A Notes and the 5.60 Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class B (the Class B Notes and together with the Class A Notes, the Underwritten Notes in the Initial Outstanding Note Balances set forth in Exhibit D attached to this note purchase agreement (this Agreement ). The Issuer is also issuing the Solar Loan Backed Notes, Series 2022-C, Class C (the Class C Notes , and together with the Underwritten Notes, the Notes ). On the Closing Date, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sunnova ABS Holdings X ), Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sunnova Intermediate Holdings ), and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunnova Energy Corporation, a Delaware corporation Sunnova Energy ), Sunnova Helios X Depositor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor ), and the Issuer will enter into a sale and contribution agreement (the Contribution Agreement ), dated as of the Closing Date, pursuant to which (i) Sunnova ABS Holdings X will acquire the Conveyed Property from Sunnova Intermediate Holdings (ii) the Depositor will acquire the Conveyed Property from Sunnova ABS Holdings X and (iii) the Issuer will acquire the Conveyed Property from the Depositor. The Notes are to be issued under an indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the Indenture ), by and between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association Wilmington Trust ), as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). Pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will pledge the Trust Estate (including the Conveyed Property and the rights and remedies under the Contribution Agreement) to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders to secure the Notes. Pursuant to a management agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Issuer, Sunnova ABS Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sunnova Management and together with Sunnova Energy, the Issuer, the Depositor, Sunnova ABS Holdings X and Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, the Sunnova Entities ), as manager, and Wilmington Trust, as transition manager, and pursuant to a servicing agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Issuer, Sunnova Management, as servicer, and Wilmington Trust, as backup servicer, Sunnova Management will provide certain operations and maintenance and administrative services to the Issuer. Finally, in connection with the transaction, Sunnova Energy will deliver a performance guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, in favor of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Securities Act of 1933, as 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, is herein referred to as the Securities Act . Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Standard Definitions attached as Annex A to the Indenture. 
 Section 2. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy . Each of the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy, jointly and severally represents and warrants to the Initial Purchaser, on the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, that 
 (a) The Issuer has prepared (i) a confidential preliminary offering circular relating to the Notes to be offered by the Initial Purchaser dated October 26, 2022 (such confidential preliminary offering circular, including schedules and exhibits attached thereto, the Preliminary Offering Circular ), (ii) the road show presentation dated October 2022 attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement (the Road Show ), (iii) one or more reports on Form ABS-15G furnished on EDGAR with respect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement Form ABS-15G Due Diligence Reports ), (iv) quantitative data with respect to (1) the Intex cdi file, (2) the Microsoft Excel files titled SNVA 2022-C 1505v2.xlsx , SNVA 2022-C 1505.xlsx , CSF_SNVA_2022-C_MKT_20221031.xlsx , SNVA 2022-C EIG Runs 1.xlsx , SNVA 2022-C EIG Runs 2.xlsx , SNVA 2022-C EIG Runs 3.xlsx , SNVA 2022-C EIG Runs 4.xlsx and SNVA 2022-C Marketing Package_v2.xlsx and (3) the PDF files titled ABS E 2022 Rider_V1.pdf and Sunnova Puerto Rico Overview_2022_vFF.pdf , in each case, provided by Sunnova Energy, the Issuer or the Depositor, directly or indirectly, to one or more prospective investors, whether in electronic form or otherwise (the Collateral Data Information ), and (v) the information delivered to prospective holders of the Notes (other than the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Road Show) attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement (the Pricing Information and, together with the Road Show, the Form ABS-15-G Due Diligence Reports, the Collateral Data Information and the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information ). The Issuer will prepare a final confidential offering circular, dated November 3, 2022, that includes the offering prices and other final terms of the Notes (such offering circular, including schedules and exhibits attached thereto, the Offering Circular ). Each of the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular, as amended or supplemented by additional information are collectively referred to as the Offering Document . The Offering Document at a particular time means the Offering Document in the form actually amended or supplemented and issued at such time. The Time of Sale means 3 20 PM EST on November 3, 2022. 
 The Preliminary Offering Circular, as of the date thereof did not and as of the Closing Date will not, and the Time of Sale Information (taken as a whole), as of the Time of Sale, did not and as of the Closing Date will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Offering Circular, as amended, as of the date thereof, did not, and as of the Closing Date, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, none of the Issuer, the Depositor or Sunnova Energy makes any representations or warranties as to the Initial Purchaser Information, it being understood and agreed that the Initial Purchaser Information is only such information that is described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. If, subsequent to the initial Time of Sale, the Issuer and the Initial Purchaser determine that the original Time of Sale Information included an untrue statement of material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Initial Purchaser advises the Issuer that investors in the Underwritten Notes have elected to terminate their initial contracts of sale (within the meaning of Rule 159 under the Securities 
 2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Act, the Contracts of Sale and enter into new Contracts of Sale, then the Time of Sale will refer to the time of entry into the first new Contract of Sale and the Time of Sale Information will refer to the information available to purchasers at the time of entry (prior to the Closing Date) into the first new Contract of Sale, including any information that corrects such material misstatements or omissions (such new information, the Corrective Information and Exhibit A to this Agreement will be deemed to be amended to include such Corrective Information in the Time of Sale Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of Section 7 hereof, in the event that an investor elects not to terminate its initial Contract of Sale and enter into a new Contract of Sale, Time of Sale will refer to the time of entry into such initial Contract of Sale and Time of Sale Information with respect to Underwritten Notes to be purchased by such investor will refer to information available to such purchaser at the time of entry into such initial Contract of Sale. 
 (b) The Issuer is a limited liability company formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with limited liability company power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is or will be a party and the Issuer is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for such jurisdictions where failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined herein). 
 (c) The Depositor is a limited liability company formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with limited liability company power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is or will be a party and the Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for such jurisdictions where failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) Sunnova Energy is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is or will be a party and Sunnova Energy is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for such jurisdictions where failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) Sunnova Intermediate Holdings is a limited liability company formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with limited liability company power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is or will be a party and 
 3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Intermediate Holdings is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for such jurisdictions where failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) Sunnova ABS Holdings X is a limited liability company formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with limited liability company power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is or will be a party and Sunnova ABS Holdings X is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for such jurisdictions where failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (g) Sunnova Management is a limited liability company formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with limited liability company power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is or will be a party and Sunnova Management is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for such jurisdictions where failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (h) The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Issuer and on the Closing Date, the Indenture will have been duly executed and delivered by the Issuer, will conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Indenture Trustee, will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights or remedies and subject to general equity principles (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity) and except as rights to indemnification may be limited by public policy, applicable law relating to fiduciary duties and indemnification and contribution and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
 (i) The Notes have been duly authorized by the Issuer and, when authenticated by the Indenture Trustee in the manner provided for in the Indenture and, with respect to the Underwritten Notes paid for and delivered pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date, such Notes will have been duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered, will conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular, and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights or remedies and subject to general equity principles (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity) and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 
 4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(j) No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court is required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or in connection with the issuance of the Notes and sale of the Underwritten Notes by the Issuer other than (i) as have been made or obtained on or prior to the Closing Date (or, if not required to be made or obtained on or prior to the Closing Date, that will be made or obtained when required), (ii) as may be required under the Securities Act (which is addressed in Section 2(q) hereof), State securities or Blue Sky laws in any jurisdiction in the U.S. or under the securities laws of any foreign jurisdiction and (iii) those that, if not obtained, would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Sunnova Entities. 
 (k) The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Transaction Documents by each of the Sunnova Entities which is or will be party to such Transaction Documents and the issuance of the Notes and sale of the Underwritten Notes and compliance with the terms and provisions thereof will not (i) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, constitute a default under or conflict with (A) any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body, or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over such Sunnova Entity, or any of their properties (B) any agreement or instrument to which such Sunnova Entity is a party, by which such Sunnova Entity is bound or to which any of the properties of such Sunnova Entity is subject or (C) the organizational documents of such Sunnova Entity or (ii) other than as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of such Sunnova Entity except, in the case of clauses (i)(A), (i)(B) and (ii), for such breaches, violations, defaults, conflicts, liens, charges or encumbrances that individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Management, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings or Sunnova ABS Holdings X. 
 (l) This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which any Sunnova Entity is a party have each been duly authorized, and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the other parties thereto, when executed and delivered by such Sunnova Entity shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Sunnova Entity enforceable against such Sunnova Entity in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights or remedies and subject to general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity) and except as rights to indemnification may be limited by public policy, applicable law relating to fiduciary duties and indemnification and contribution and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
 (m) On the Closing Date (with respect to an Initial Solar Loan) and each Transfer Date on which the Issuer acquires Qualified Substitute Solar Loans, the Issuer shall have good and marketable title to the Conveyed Property, in each case free from liens, encumbrances and defects that would materially and adversely affect the value thereof or materially and adversely interfere with the use made or to be made thereof by it (other than Permitted Liens). 
 (n) On the Closing Date (with respect to an Initial Solar Loan) and each Transfer Date on which the Issuer acquires Qualified Substitute Solar Loans, each Solar Loan Agreement and the rest of the documents comprising the Custodian File for the Solar Loans acquired by the Issuer on such date will be transmitted to the Electronic Vault. 
 (o) Each of the Sunnova Entities possesses all material certificates, authorities or permits issued by appropriate governmental agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the 
 5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

business now operated by it, except where failure to possess such certificates, authorities or permits would not have a material adverse effect on (i) the condition (financial or other), business, properties or results of operations of such Sunnova Entity, as the case may be, (ii) the ability of such Sunnova Entity, as the case may be, to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents, (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents to which such Sunnova Entity, as the case may be, is a party or (iv) the Trust Estate (a Material Adverse Effect ), and it has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authority or permit that, if determined adversely to such Sunnova Entity, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect on such Sunnova Entity. 
 (p) Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular, there are no pending actions, suits, investigations, or proceedings to which any Sunnova Entity or any of their respective properties, are subject, by or before any court or governmental agency, authority, body or arbitrator, that if determined adversely to such Sunnova Entity, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect on such Sunnova Entity, would materially and adversely affect the validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents to which such Sunnova Entity is a party, the Underwritten Notes, or the U.S. federal or State income, excise, franchise or other tax treatment of the Underwritten Notes or the Issuer, or which are otherwise material in the context of the sale of the Underwritten Notes and to each Sunnova Entity s knowledge, no such actions, suits, investigations or proceedings are threatened or contemplated. 
 (q) The Issuer is not and, after giving effect to the offering of the Notes and sale of the Underwritten Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular, will not be subject to registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act and in making this determination the Issuer will be relying primarily on an exclusion from the definition of investment company contained in Section 3(c)(5)(A) thereof, although there may be additional exclusions or exemptions available to the Issuer. The Issuer is being structured so as not to constitute a covered fund for purposes of Section 619 of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Volcker Rule ), based on its current interpretations. 
 (r) The Underwritten Notes are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act Rule 144A ). When the Underwritten Notes are issued and delivered pursuant to the Indenture and this Agreement, no securities of the same class (within the meaning of Rule 144A(d)(3) under the Securities Act) as the Underwritten Notes will be listed on any national securities exchange, registered under Section 6 of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act ), or quoted in a U.S. automated interdealer quotation system. 
 (s) Assuming compliance by the Initial Purchaser with the covenants and that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 hereof are true, the offer and sale of the Underwritten Notes to the Initial Purchaser in the manner contemplated by the Offering Circular and this Agreement and the issuance of the Class C Notes to Sunnova Energy will be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by reason of Section 4(a)(2) thereof and the Indenture is not required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act ). None of the Sunnova Entities, any of their respective Affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates and agents, as to which no representation or warranty is made) has directly or indirectly solicited any offer to buy or offered to sell or will directly or indirectly solicit any offer to buy or offer to sell 
 6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

in the United States or to any United States citizen or resident any security which is or would be integrated with the sale of the Notes in a manner that would require the Notes to be registered under the Securities Act. None of the Sunnova Entities, any of their respective Affiliates nor any person acting on their behalf (other than the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates and agents, as to which no representation or warranty is made) has or will solicit offers for, or offer to sell the Underwritten Notes by any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 (t) No Sunnova Entity has entered or will enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution of the Underwritten Notes except for this Agreement. 
 (u) None of the Sunnova Entities, any of their respective affiliates nor any Person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates and agents, as to which no representation or warranty is made) has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts within the meaning of Rule 902 of Regulation S and each of the Sunnova Entities, their respective affiliates and any Person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates and agents, as to which no representation or warranty is made) has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions of Regulation S in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Notes outside of the United States. The Preliminary Offering Circular and the Offering Circular will contain the disclosure required by Rule 902(g)(2) under the Securities Act. 
 (v) Each of the representations and warranties of each Sunnova Entity set forth in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will be, as of the Closing Date, true and correct, in all material respects. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Notes conform or will conform in all material respects to the respective descriptions contained in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular. 
 (w) Any transfer, stamp, documentary, recording, registration and other similar taxes, fees and other governmental charges in connection with the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents or the execution, delivery and sale of the Underwritten Notes, in each case which are due and payable by a Sunnova Entity on or prior to the Closing Date, have been or will be paid on or prior to the Closing Date. 
 (x) Except as expressly described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular, since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular (x) there has not been any change in or affecting the general affairs, business, management, financial condition, stockholders equity, results of operations or regulatory situation of any Sunnova Entity that would result in a Material Adverse Effect and (y) no Sunnova Entity is in default under any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound which would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (y) Immediately after the consummation of the transactions to occur on the Closing Date (with respect to an Initial Solar Loan) and each related Transfer Date on which the Issuer acquires Qualified Substitute Solar Loans, (i) the fair value of the total assets of Sunnova Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of Sunnova Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries will be not less than the amount that will be 
 7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

required to pay the probable liability of its total existing debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured (iii) each Sunnova Entity will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured and (iv) Sunnova Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted immediately following the Closing Date (with respect to an Initial Solar Loan) and each related Transfer Date on which the Issuer acquires Qualified Substitute Solar Loans after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which Sunnova Energy is engaged. 
 (z) Each of the Sunnova Entities and their respective Affiliates owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all licenses, permits, trademarks, trademark applications, patents, patent applications, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, copyright applications, franchises, authorizations and other intellectual property rights that are necessary for the operation of its businesses in order to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and the operation and maintenance of the Solar Loans without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, in each case except (i) where the failure to own, license or have such rights or (ii) for such infringements and conflicts which, in respect of both (i) and (ii) individually or in the aggregate, are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (aa) None of the Sunnova Entities has received an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission, any State securities commission or any foreign government or agency thereof preventing or suspending the issuance and offering of the Notes, and to the best knowledge of each Sunnova Entity, no such order has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted. 
 (bb) None of the Sunnova Entities has engaged in any activity or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption or anti-money laundering laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction and Sunnova Energy has instituted and maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent any such violation. None of the Sunnova Entities is a Person that is (i) the subject of any economic or trade sanctions or restrictive measures enacted, administered, imposed or enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person ), the United Nations Security Council, Her Majesty s Treasury, the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the European Union, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions broadly prohibiting dealings with such government, country, or territory (each, a Sanctioned Country ), including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, the region of Crimea, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic and Russia. Each Sunnova Entity will not and will cause each other Sunnova Entity not to, in violation of applicable Sanctions, directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) in or involving a Sanctioned Country or any country or territory which at the time of such funding is the subject of comprehensive country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions, other than Cuba or Iran, or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, 
 8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

advisor, investor or otherwise) of applicable Sanctions. None of the Sunnova Entities nor any of their affiliates or subsidiaries have knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country in violation of applicable Sanctions. Each Sunnova Entity represents and covenants that, regardless of Sanctions, it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business in or involving Cuba or Iran. 
 (cc) None of the Sunnova Entities or any of their affiliates has engaged or as of the Closing Date will have engaged, in any transaction, investment, undertaking or activity that conceals the identity, source or destination of the proceeds of any category of offenses designated in The Forty Recommendations published by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering on June 20, 2003, or in violation of the laws or regulations of the United States, including, but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.), Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act (Pub. L. 107-56), and the regulations promulgated under each of the foregoing, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. 1956 et seq.) or FINRA Conduct Rule 3011, or the anti-money laundering laws of any other jurisdiction, in each case as such laws and regulations may be applicable to the Sunnova Entities or, to the knowledge of such Sunnova Entity, any of their affiliates, all as amended, and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Sunnova Entities or, to the knowledge of such Sunnova Entity, any of their affiliates is or as of the Closing Date will be, as the case may be, in each case with respect to such money laundering laws, pending or, to the knowledge of the Sunnova Entities, threatened. Sunnova Energy represents that it has established an anti-money laundering program that is reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable U.S. laws, regulations, and guidance, including rules of self-regulatory organizations, relating to the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing, and related financial crimes. 
 (dd) None of the Sunnova Entities is or as of the Closing Date will be, and, to the knowledge of such Sunnova Entity, no director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of such Sunnova Entity is or as of the Closing Date will be, the target of any economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury OFAC and no Sunnova Entity will, in violation of applicable Sanctions, use, directly or indirectly, any of the proceeds of the offering of the Notes contemplated hereby, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of conducting business in or with, engaging in any transaction in or with, or financing the activities of, any country, person, or entity that is the target of any U.S. economic sanctions administered by OFAC. 
 (ee) No Sunnova Entity is and as of the Closing Date will be, and, to the knowledge of such Sunnova Entity, no director, officer, agent, employee, partner, or affiliate of a Sunnova Entity is or as of the Closing Date will be, aware of any action, and no Sunnova Entity has taken and as of the Closing Date will have taken, as the case may be, and, to the knowledge of such Sunnova Entity, no director, officer, agent, employee, partner or affiliate of a Sunnova Entity has taken or as of the Closing Date will have (i) taken, as the case may be, any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 FCPA (15 U.S.C. 78dd-1, et seq.) or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to 
 9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in each case in contravention of the FCPA or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws (ii) used any funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity (iii) made or taken an act in furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government or regulatory official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office or (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Sunnova Entities and their affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws and Sunnova Energy has instituted, maintained and enforced, and will continue to maintain and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 
 (ff) The Issuer and, prior to the formation of the Issuer, Sunnova Energy has complied and as of the Closing Date, the Issuer and Sunnova Energy will have complied with the representations, certifications and covenants made by Sunnova Energy to the Rating Agencies in connection with the engagement of the Rating Agencies to issue and monitor credit ratings on the Notes, including any representation provided to the Rating Agencies by the Issuer or Sunnova Energy in connection with Rule 17g-5(a)(3)(iii) of the Exchange Act Rule 17g-5 except where non-compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer and Sunnova Energy shall be solely responsible for compliance with Rule 17g-5 in connection with the issuance, monitoring and maintenance of the credit ratings on the Notes. Neither Initial Purchaser is responsible for compliance with any aspect of Rule 17g-5 in connection with the Notes. 
 (gg) None of the Sunnova Entities or their respective Affiliates has engaged or will engage any third-party due diligence service providers (each a Third-Party Due Diligence Provider to undertake due diligence services in connection with the issuance of the Notes (such services as defined in Rule 17g-10(d)(1) of the Exchange Act, Third-Party Due Diligence Services and none of the Sunnova Entities or their respective Affiliates has obtained or will obtain a third-party due diligence report in connection with the issuance of the Notes (such report as defined in Rule 15Ga-2(d) of the Exchange Act, a Third-Party Due Diligence Report ), except as specifically set forth in Exhibit C hereto. 
 (hh) The Issuer, the Depositor or Sunnova Energy has provided any Form ABS-15G Due Diligence Report to the Initial Purchaser within a reasonable time prior to the furnishing or filing of such report, or any portion thereof, on the Securities and Exchange Commission's EDGAR website or its 17g-5 website, as applicable. All Third Party Due Diligence Reports are deemed to have been obtained by the Issuer, the Depositor or Sunnova Energy pursuant to Rules 15Ga-2(a) and 17g-10 under the Exchange Act, and all legal obligations with respect to Third-Party Due Diligence Reports have been timely complied with (including without limitation that each Form ABS-15G Due Diligence Report was furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission at least five Business Days before the date hereof as required by Rule 15Ga-2(a) under the Exchange Act). No portion of any Form ABS-15G Due Diligence Report contains any names, addresses, other personal identifiers or zip codes with respect to any individuals, or any other personally identifiable or other information that would be associated with an individual, including without limitation any nonpublic personal information 
 10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

within the meaning of Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999. 
 (ii) Sunnova Energy is the sponsor (in such capacity, the Sponsor and the Depositor is a majority-owned affiliate of the Sponsor (in each case, as defined under Regulation RR of the Exchange Act (the Risk Retention Rules )). The Depositor, as sole owner of the beneficial interests of the Issuer, holds an eligible horizontal residual interest (as defined in the Risk Retention Rules) equal to at least 5 of the fair value of all the ABS interests (as defined in the Risk Retention Rules) in the Issuer issued as part of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (the Retained Interest ), determined as of the Closing Date using a fair value measurement framework under United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (jj) The Sponsor is in compliance with all the legal requirements imposed by the Risk Retention Rules on the sponsor of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
 (kk) The Sponsor has determined the fair value of the Retained Interest based on its own valuation methodology, inputs and assumptions. 
 (ll) No election has been, or will be, made or filed pursuant to which the Issuer is or will be classified as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 (mm) Reserved 
 (nn) As of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification provided by any Sunnova Entity or any affiliate thereof to which the Beneficial Ownership Regulation is applicable with respect to the transactions undertaken pursuant to the Transaction Documents, is true and correct in all respects. A Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 (the Beneficial Ownership Regulation ). 
 Section 3. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Underwritten Notes . 
 (a) On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Issuer agrees to sell to the Initial Purchaser and the Initial Purchaser agrees to purchase the Underwritten Notes from the Issuer at the purchase prices and in the Initial Outstanding Note Balances, with respect to each Class of Underwritten Notes, each as set forth opposite the name of the Initial Purchaser in Exhibit D attached hereto. 
 (b) The Issuer will deliver, against payment of the purchase price, the Underwritten Notes to be offered and sold by the Initial Purchaser in reliance on Regulation S (the Regulation S Notes in the form of one or more temporary global notes in registered form without interest coupons (the Regulation S Global Notes which will be deposited with the Indenture Trustee, in its capacity as custodian, for The Depository Trust Company DTC for the respective accounts of the DTC participants for Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System Euroclear ), and Clearstream Banking, soci t anonyme Clearstream and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. The Issuer will deliver against payment of the purchase price of the Underwritten Notes to be purchased by the Initial Purchaser hereunder and to be offered and sold by the Initial Purchaser in reliance on Rule 144A under the 
 11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Securities Act (the 144A Notes in the form of one or more permanent global securities in definitive form without interest coupons (the Rule 144A Global Notes deposited with the Indenture Trustee, in its capacity as custodian, for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. The Regulation S Global Notes and the Rule 144A Global Notes shall be assigned separate CUSIP numbers. The Rule 144A Global Notes shall include the legend regarding restrictions on transfer set forth under TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS in the Offering Circular. Until the termination of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the offering of the Underwritten Notes, interests in the Regulation S Global Notes may only be held by the DTC participants for Euroclear and Clearstream. Interests in any permanent global notes will be held only in book-entry form through Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, as the case may be, except in the limited circumstances permitted by the Indenture. 
 (c) Payment for the Underwritten Notes shall be made by the Initial Purchaser in Federal (same day) funds by wire transfer to an account at a bank designated by the Issuer and approved by the Initial Purchaser on November 10, 2022 (or, at such time not later than seven full Business Days thereafter as the Initial Purchaser and the Issuer determine on or prior to such date, the Closing Date against delivery to the Indenture Trustee, in its capacity as custodian, for DTC of (i) the Regulation S Global Notes representing all of the Regulation S Notes for the respective accounts of the DTC participants for Euroclear and Clearstream and (ii) the Rule 144A Global Notes representing all of the 144A Notes. Copies of the Regulation S Global Notes and the Rule 144A Global Notes will be made available for inspection at the New York office of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP Kramer Levin at least 24 hours prior to the Closing Date. 
 (d) Each of the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, the Depositor and the Initial Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that, for all tax purposes, it is entering into this Agreement with the intention that the Notes (solely with respect to the Class C Notes, following a subsequent sale or disposition of such Notes to a third party that is not an affiliate of Sunnova Energy) will be characterized as indebtedness and shall treat the Notes as indebtedness, unless otherwise required by applicable law. 
 Section 4. Representations of the Initial Purchaser Resales . The Initial Purchaser represents, warrants and agrees that 
 (a) It is a qualified institutional buyer and an institutional accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of the Securities Act). 
 (b) The Underwritten Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or under applicable State securities laws or blue sky laws or under the laws of any other jurisdiction and the Underwritten Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in transactions meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions meeting the requirements of Regulation S. The Initial Purchaser represents and agrees that it has offered and sold the Underwritten Notes, and will offer and sell the Underwritten Notes (A) as part of its distribution at any time and (B) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Closing Date, only in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 144A and, in each case, in accordance with this Agreement and the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Offering Circular. Terms used in this subsection (b) shall have the meanings given to them in Regulation S. 
 12 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) It and each of its affiliates will not offer or sell the Underwritten Notes in the United States by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 (d) It has not obtained any Third-Party Due Diligence Report with respect to the Underwritten Notes (it being understood that the Third-Party Due Diligence Reports set forth on Exhibit C have been obtained by a Sunnova Entity). 
 (e) It has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Underwritten Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering Circular in relation thereto to any EEA Retail Investor in any member state of the European Economic Area EEA ). For the purposes of this provision 
 (i) the expression EEA Retail Investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following 
 (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014 65 EU (as amended, MiFID II 
 (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016 97 on insurance distribution (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive ), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or 
 (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017 1129 (as amended and including any relevant implementing measure in any Relevant Member State, the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
 (ii) the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Underwritten Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Underwritten Notes. 
 (f) (i) It has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the FSMA )) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Underwritten Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer and (ii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Underwritten Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom (the UK ). 
 (g) It has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Underwritten Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering Circular in relation thereto to any UK Retail Investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision 
 13 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) the expression UK Retail Investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following 
 (a) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017 565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the EUWA subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018 1403) 
 (b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600 2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018 1403) or 
 (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017 1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, subject to amendments made by the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019 1234), the UK Prospectus Regulation and 
 (ii) the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Underwritten Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Underwritten Notes. 
 Section 5. Certain Covenants of the Issuer and Sunnova Energy . The Issuer and Sunnova Energy each agree with the Initial Purchaser that 
 (a) As promptly as practicable following the Time of Sale and not later than the second business day prior to the Closing Date, Sunnova Energy will prepare and deliver the Offering Circular to the Initial Purchaser. The Issuer will advise the Initial Purchaser promptly of any proposal to amend or supplement the Offering Document and will not effect such amendment or supplementation without the Initial Purchaser s consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. If, at any time following delivery of any document comprising the Offering Document and prior to the completion of the resale of the Underwritten Notes by the Initial Purchaser, any event occurs as a result of which such document as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Issuer promptly will notify the Initial Purchaser of such event and promptly will prepare, at its own expense, an amendment or supplement which will correct such statement or omission. If, at any time following delivery of any document comprising the Offering Document and prior to the completion of the resale of the Underwritten Notes by the Initial Purchaser, if, in the reasonable opinion of the Initial Purchaser, a change to the Offering Document is necessary to comply with law or regulations, the Issuer promptly will prepare, at its own expense, an amendment or supplement which will cause the Offering Document to comply with such laws or regulations. Neither the consent of the Initial Purchaser to, nor the Initial Purchaser s delivery to offerees or investors of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 6 hereof. 
 14 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(b) The Issuer will furnish to the Initial Purchaser copies of each document comprising a part of the Offering Document as soon as available and in such quantities as the Initial Purchaser reasonably requests. Sunnova Energy will cause to be furnished to the Initial Purchaser on the Closing Date, the letters specified in Section 6(a) hereof. At any time the Underwritten Notes are Outstanding, the Issuer will promptly furnish or cause to be furnished to the Initial Purchaser and, upon request of holders and prospective purchasers of the Underwritten Notes, to such holders and prospective purchasers, copies of the information required to be delivered to holders and prospective purchasers of the Underwritten Notes pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereto) in order to permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with resales by such holders of the Underwritten Notes. The Issuer will pay the expenses of printing and distributing to the Initial Purchaser all such documents. 
 (c) During the period of one year following the Closing Date, the Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) to, resell any of the Underwritten Notes that have been reacquired by any of them, except for sales in a transaction registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to any exemption under the Securities Act that results in such Securities not being restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act. 
 (d) So long as the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will not conduct its business in a manner that will require it to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 (e) The Issuer will pay all expenses incidental to the performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents including (i) all expenses in connection with the execution, issue, authentication, packaging and initial delivery of the Underwritten Notes, the preparation of the Transaction Documents and the printing of the Offering Document and amendments and supplements thereto, and any other document relating to the issuance, offer, sale and delivery of the Underwritten Notes (ii) any expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Initial Purchaser) incurred in connection with qualification of the Underwritten Notes for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Initial Purchaser designate and the printing of memoranda relating thereto (iii) any fees due and payable to the Rating Agencies for the ratings of the Underwritten Notes (iv) expenses incurred in distributing the Offering Document (including any amendments and supplements thereto) to the Initial Purchaser and (v) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Initial Purchaser (including any fees and disbursements of Kramer Levin, counsel to the Initial Purchaser, to the extent incurred) provided that the payment or reimbursement obligations described in this clause (e) in respect of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC or its agents and advisors will be subject to any applicable limitations thereon set forth in the Engagement Letter or as otherwise may be separately agreed with such person). 
 (f) Until the Initial Purchaser shall have notified the Issuer of the completion of the resale of the Underwritten Notes, neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates has or will, either alone or with one or more other persons, bid for or purchase for any account in which it or any of its affiliates has a beneficial interest, any Underwritten Notes, or attempt to induce any person to purchase any Underwritten Notes and neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates will make bids or purchases for the purpose of creating actual, or apparent, active trading in, or of raising the price of, the Underwritten Notes. 
 (g) Each of the Issuer and Sunnova Energy will comply with the representations, certifications and covenants made by it in the engagement letter with each 
 15 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Rating Agency, including any representation, certification or covenant provided by it to the Rating Agencies in connection with Rule 17g-5, and will make accessible to any non-hired nationally recognized statistical rating organization all information provided by it to the Rating Agencies in connection with the issuance and monitoring of the credit ratings on the Notes in accordance with Rule 17g-5. 
 (h) As of the respective dates of the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Offering Circular, the Sponsor complied with and was solely responsible for ensuring that the disclosure required by Rule 4(c)(1)(i) of the Risk Retention Rules was contained in the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Offering Circular and on and after the Closing Date, the Sponsor shall comply with and be solely responsible for compliance with the Risk Retention Rules, including, without limitation (1) complying with or causing the Servicer to comply with the post-closing disclosure requirements set forth in Rule 4(c)(ii) of the Risk Retention Rules, (2) complying with the records maintenance requirements set forth in Rule 4(d) of the Risk Retention Rules, and (3) complying and causing the compliance with the hedging, transfer and financing prohibitions set forth in Rule 12 of the Risk Retention Rules. 
 (i) Each Sunnova Entity agrees that it will promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Initial Purchaser for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, and the regulations thereunder, and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Section 6. Conditions of the Initial Purchaser s Obligation . The obligation of the Initial Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Underwritten Notes on the Closing Date will be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Sunnova Entities herein, the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Sunnova Entities made pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by each of the Sunnova Entities of its obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions precedent 
 (a) The Initial Purchaser shall have received a letter or letters of Ernst & Young LLP, in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser, confirming that they are certified independent public accountants and stating in effect that they have performed certain specified procedures, all of which have been agreed to by the Initial Purchaser, as a result of which they determined that certain information of an accounting, financial, numerical or statistical nature, including, but not limited to, the numerical information contained under the heading Credit Risk Retention , set forth in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular (including such documents that shall have been incorporated by reference therein) agrees with the accounting records of the Sunnova Entities, excluding any questions of legal interpretation. 
 (b) Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred (i) a change in U.S. or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls (including, but not limited to, any such adverse development as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) as would, in the judgment of the Initial Purchaser, be likely to prejudice materially the success of the proposed issue, sale or distribution of the Underwritten Notes, whether in the primary market or in respect of dealings in the secondary market, or (ii) (A) any change, or any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition (financial or other), business, properties or results of operations of any Sunnova Entity or any of their affiliates (including, but not limited to, any such adverse development as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic), which, in the reasonable judgment of the Initial Purchaser, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with 
 16 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

completion of the offering or the sale of and payment for the Underwritten Notes (B) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of any Sunnova Entities or any of their affiliates by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of any Sunnova Entity or any of their affiliates (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) (C) any suspension or limitation of trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or any setting of minimum prices for trading on such exchange, or any suspension of trading of any securities of any Sunnova Entity or any of their affiliates on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market (D) any banking moratorium declared by U.S. Federal or New York authorities (E) any material disruption of clearing or settlement services in the United States or (F) any outbreak or escalation of major hostilities in which the United States is involved, any declaration of war by Congress or any other substantial national or international calamity or emergency if, in the judgment of the Initial Purchaser, the effect of any such outbreak, escalation, declaration, calamity or emergency makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with completion of the offering or sale of and payment for the Underwritten Notes. 
 (c) The Notes shall have been duly authorized, executed, authenticated, delivered and issued, and each of the Transaction Documents shall have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the respective parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect, and all conditions precedent contained in the Transaction Documents that are required to be satisfied on the Closing Date shall have been satisfied or waived. 
 (d) The Initial Purchaser shall have received from counsel to each party to the Transaction Documents (except for the Initial Purchaser and as otherwise provided), written opinions dated the Closing Date in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser, covering such matters as the Initial Purchaser may reasonably request, subject to customary qualifications, including but not limited to the following 
 (i) Corporate Opinions . An opinion in respect of each party to the Transaction Documents (except for the Initial Purchaser) that such party is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its State of formation, with all requisite power and authority to own or hold its properties and conduct its business. 
 (ii) Legal, Valid, Binding and Enforceable . An opinion in respect of each party to the Transaction Documents (except for the Initial Purchaser) that each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered and constitutes the valid and legally binding obligations of such party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer or conveyance, preference, moratorium, conservatorship and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, (ii) general equity principles and (iii) public policy, applicable law relating to fiduciary duties and indemnification and contribution, principles of materiality and reasonableness and implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing. 
 (iii) Notes . An opinion that the Notes are in the form contemplated by the Indenture and have been duly authorized by the Issuer and, when executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Indenture Trustee in the manner provided in the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Initial Purchaser in accordance with this Agreement, (A) will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer or conveyance, preference, moratorium, 
 17 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

conservatorship and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, (ii) general equity principles and (iii) public policy, applicable law relating to fiduciary duties and indemnification and contribution, principles of materiality and reasonableness and implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing and (B) will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 
 (iv) No Consents Required . An opinion in respect of each party to the Transaction Documents (except for the Initial Purchaser) that in respect of such party, no consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, any U.S. federal or New York State governmental authority or regulatory body or court (collectively, Governmental Approvals is required to be obtained by such party as a condition to (A) the offering and issuance of the Notes and the sale by the Issuer of the Underwritten Notes or (B) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by such party that is party thereto, except for (1) such Governmental Approvals as have been obtained, (2) the filing of the financing statements with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and (3) such Governmental Approvals which (I) are of a routine or administrative nature, (II) are not customarily obtained or made prior to the consummation of transactions such as those contemplated by this Agreement and (III) are expected in the reasonable judgment of such party to be obtained or made in the ordinary course of business. 
 (v) Litigation . An opinion in respect of each party to the Transaction Documents, that in respect of such party, and other than as disclosed in the Offering Circular, there are no legal or governmental actions, suits or proceedings before any court or governmental agency or authority or arbitrator pending or threatened in writing against such party or any of their respective assets that, if determined adversely to such party or any of its subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or would materially and adversely affect the ability of such party to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
 (vi) Non-Contravention . An opinion in respect of each party to the Transaction Documents (except for the Initial Purchaser) that in respect of such party the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will not (A) violate the organizational documents of such party, (B) violate the DGCL, the Delaware LLC Act, the laws of the State of New York or applicable U.S. federal law, or (C) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, any material agreement or instrument to which such party or any such subsidiary is a party or by which such party or any such subsidiary is bound or to which any of the properties of such party or any such subsidiary is subject. 
 (vii) Securities Laws . An opinion that it is not necessary in connection with (A) the issuance of the Notes and sale of the Underwritten Notes by the Issuer to the Initial Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, or (B) the resale of the Underwritten Notes by the Initial Purchaser, in each case in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, to register the Underwritten Notes under the Securities Act or to qualify the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. 
 (viii) Investment Company Act . An opinion that the Issuer is not now and, immediately following the issuance and offering of the Notes and the sale of the Underwritten Notes and the application of the proceeds from such sale as described in the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Time of Sale Information and the Offering Circular, 
 18 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

will not be required to register as an investment company , as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act. 
 (ix) Volcker Rule . An opinion that the Issuer is not a covered fund for purposes of the Volcker Rule, based on its current interpretations. 
 (x) Federal Income Tax . An opinion from Baker Botts L.L.P. Baker Botts that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (A) when issued, each Class of Notes (other than any Notes beneficially owned on or after the Closing Date by Sunnova Energy or any of its affiliates) will be characterized as indebtedness and (B) the Issuer will not be classified as an association, a publicly traded partnership, or a taxable mortgage pool that is taxable as a corporation. 
 (xi) Bankruptcy . (A) An opinion to the effect that (x) each transfer of Conveyed Property by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova ABS Holdings X pursuant to the Contribution Agreement constitutes a true contribution or true sale of Conveyed Property by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova ABS Holdings X and, in the event that Sunnova Intermediate Holdings were to become a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy Code, a court of competent jurisdiction would hold that the Conveyed Property and other assets contributed to Sunnova ABS Holdings X under the Contribution Agreement would not constitute property of Sunnova Intermediate Holdings bankruptcy estate, (y) each transfer of Conveyed Property by Sunnova ABS Holdings X to the Depositor pursuant to the Contribution Agreement constitutes a true contribution or true sale of Conveyed Property by Sunnova ABS Holdings X to the Depositor and, in the event that Sunnova ABS Holdings X were to become a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy Code, a court of competent jurisdiction would hold that the Conveyed Property and other assets contributed to the Depositor under the Contribution Agreement would not constitute property of Sunnova ABS Holdings X s bankruptcy estate and (z) each transfer of Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Contribution Agreement constitutes a true contribution or true sale of Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer and, in the event that the Depositor were to become a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy Code, a court of competent jurisdiction would hold that the Conveyed Property and other assets sold to the Issuer under the Contribution Agreement would not constitute property of the Depositor s bankruptcy estate, (B) an opinion to the effect that in the event that any of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova Management or the Depositor were to become a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy Code, a court of competent jurisdiction would not disregard the separate existence the Issuer and would not order the substantive consolidation of the assets and liabilities of (x) the Issuer on the one hand and (y) Sunnova Energy, Sunnova ABS Holdings X, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova Management or the Depositor on the other hand and (C) an opinion or opinions, covering such bankruptcy matters as the Initial Purchaser may reasonably request. 
 (xii) Security Interests . An opinion to the effect that (A) in the event that any transfer of Conveyed Property from Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova ABS Holdings X shall be considered a loan secured by such Conveyed Property, the Contribution Agreement is effective to create in favor of Sunnova ABS Holdings X a security interest in the accounts, chattel paper, payment intangibles, promissory notes and equipment (as each such term is defined in the New York UCC) that are included in such Conveyed Property sold under the Contribution Agreement and Sunnova ABS Holdings X will have a perfected security interest in the Conveyed Property and other assets which 
 19 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

may be perfected by filing, (B) in the event that any transfer of Conveyed Property from Sunnova ABS Holdings X to the Depositor shall be considered a loan secured by such Conveyed Property, the Contribution Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Depositor a security interest in the accounts, chattel paper, payment intangibles, promissory notes and equipment (as each such term is defined in the New York UCC) that are included in such Conveyed Property sold under the Contribution Agreement and the Depositor will have a perfected security interest such Conveyed Property and other assets which may be perfected by filing, (C) in the event that any transfer of Conveyed Property from the Depositor to the Issuer shall be considered a loan secured by such Conveyed Property, the Contribution Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Issuer a security interest in the accounts, chattel paper, payment intangibles, promissory notes and equipment (as each such term is defined in the New York UCC) that are included in such Conveyed Property sold under that agreement and the Issuer will have a perfected security interest in such Conveyed Property and other assets which may be perfected by filing, and (D) the Indenture is effective to create in favor of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the noteholders a security interest in the Trust Estate that is of a type in which a security interest may be created under Article 9 of the New York UCC and the Indenture Trustee will have a perfected security interest in the Trust Estate and other assets which may be perfected by filing. 
 (xiii) Electronic Chattel Paper . An opinion to the effect that (i) the Solar Loan Agreements related to the Solar Loans constitute electronic chattel paper as defined in Section 9-102(a)(31) of the UCC and (ii) upon execution of the Custodial Agreement and the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee acting through the Custodian will have a perfected security interest in the Solar Loan Agreements and the rest of the documents comprising the Custodian File for the Solar Loans by control pursuant to Section 9-105 of the UCC. 
 (xiv) The statements in the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Offering Circular under the headings The Issuer, The Depositor, Description of the Notes, The Trust Estate, The Solar Loans, The Indenture, The Manager, the Transition Manager and the Management Agreement, The Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Servicing Agreement, and Transfer Restrictions, and the related summary sections in Summary of Terms, insofar as they constitute a summary of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer Operating Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Management Agreement, the Servicing Agreement and the Indenture, are accurate in all material respects. 
 (xv) The statements in the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Offering Circular under the headings Summary of Terms Legal Considerations Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations, Summary of Terms Legal Considerations Certain ERISA Considerations, Summary of Terms Legal Considerations Certain Investment Company Act and Volcker Rule Considerations, Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations, Considerations for ERISA and Other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans and Certain Investment Company Act and Volcker Rule Considerations , insofar as they constitute statements of law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate in all material respects. 
 (e) (i) The Initial Purchaser shall have received a letter from Baker Botts that such counsel has no reason to believe the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Pricing Information (taken as a whole), as of the Time of Sale, and the Offering Circular as of its date or as of the Closing Date, includes or included any untrue statement of a 
 20 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

material fact or omits or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, it being understood that such counsel will express no belief with respect to (a) the financial statements and schedules or other financial, statistical or accounting information contained or included therein or omitted therefrom or (b) the Collateral Data Information, the Road Show and the Form ABS-15G Due Diligence Report and any information contained or included or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom. 
 (ii) The Initial Purchaser shall have received a letter from Kramer Levin that such counsel has no reason to believe the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Pricing Information (taken as a whole), as of the Time of Sale or as of the Closing Date, and the Offering Circular as of its date or as of the Closing Date, includes or included any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, it being understood that such counsel will express no belief with respect to (a) the financial statements and schedules or other financial, statistical or accounting data contained or included therein or omitted therefrom or (b) the Collateral Data Information, the Road Show and the Form ABS-15G Due Diligence Report and any information contained or included or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom. 
 (f) The Initial Purchaser shall have received from each party to the Transaction Documents such information, certificates and documents as the Initial Purchaser may reasonably have requested and all proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all documents incident hereto shall be in all material respects reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Initial Purchaser. 
 (g) (A) The Notes shall have received the ratings set forth in the Offering Circular from KBRA and Fitch, and (B) none of such ratings shall have been rescinded and no public announcement shall have been made by (x) KBRA or Fitch that the rating of any Class of Notes has been placed under review or (y) a non-hired rating agency that it has issued an unsolicited lower rating on any Class of Notes. 
 (h) The Initial Purchaser shall have received copies of each Third Party Due Diligence Report. Each of the Sunnova Entities shall have timely complied with all requirements of Rule 15Ga-2 under the Exchange Act to the satisfaction of the Initial Purchaser. 
 (i) The Sponsor shall be in compliance with the legal requirements imposed by the Risk Retention Rules on the sponsor of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
 (j) Reserved 
 (k) At least two business days prior to the date hereof, each Sunnova Entity and any affiliate thereof to which the Beneficial Ownership Regulation is applicable with respect to the transactions undertaken pursuant to the Transaction Documents, to the extent that any such entity qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall (i) deliver, or ensure that it has delivered, to the Initial Purchaser that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to 
 21 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

itself, or (ii) deliver to the Initial Purchaser an updated Beneficial Ownership Certification if any previously delivered Beneficial Ownership Certification ceases to be true and correct in all respects. 
 The Initial Purchaser may in its sole discretion waive compliance with any conditions to the obligations of the Initial Purchaser hereunder. 
 Section 7. Indemnification and Contribution . 
 (a) Each of the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy, jointly and severally agrees (i) to indemnify and hold harmless the Initial Purchaser, its affiliates, directors, employees and officers and each person, if any, who controls the Initial Purchaser within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which the Initial Purchaser, affiliate, partner, director, employee, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any document comprising a part of the Offering Document, a Form ABS-15G Due Diligence Report, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (ii) to reimburse the Initial Purchaser for any documented legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Initial Purchaser, affiliate, director, employee, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred, including but not limited to the Initial Purchaser s costs of defending itself against any claim or bringing any claim to enforce the indemnification or other obligations of a Sunnova Entity provided , however , that none of the Sunnova Entities will be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission from any of such documents in reliance upon and in conformity with Initial Purchaser Information (as defined in subsection (b) below). 
 (b) The Initial Purchaser will indemnify and hold harmless the Sunnova Entities and each of their affiliates, directors, officers and employees, each person, if any, who controls the Issuer within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which they or any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any document comprising a part of the Offering Document or any amendment or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or the alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Issuer by the Initial Purchaser specifically for use therein, and will reimburse any documented legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Sunnova Entities and such affiliate, director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred, including but not limited to the costs of defending itself against any claim or bringing any claim to enforce the indemnification or other obligations of the Initial Purchaser, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Initial Purchaser consists of the first sentence of the 
 22 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

second paragraph and the second sentence of the second to last paragraph under the caption PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION in the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Offering Circular (collectively, the Initial Purchaser Information provided , however , that the Initial Purchaser shall not be liable for any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising out of or based upon the Issuer s failure to perform its obligations under Section 5(a) hereof. 
 (c) In case any proceeding (including any governmental investigation) shall be instituted involving any person in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to either subsection (a) or (b), such person (the indemnified party promptly shall notify the person against whom such indemnity may be sought (the indemnifying party in writing and the indemnifying party, upon request of the indemnified party, shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party and any others the indemnifying party may designate in such proceedings and shall pay the fees and disbursements of not more than one such counsel related to such proceeding provided , however , that the failure of any indemnified party to provide such notice to the indemnifying party shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Section 7 unless such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses. In any such proceeding, any indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the indemnifying party and the indemnified party agree on the retention of such counsel at the indemnifying party s expense, (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in respect of the legal expenses of any indemnified party in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) for all such indemnified parties and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed promptly as they are incurred. Such counsel shall be designated in writing by Sunnova Energy, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to subsection (a), and by the Initial Purchaser, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to subsection (b). The indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to promptly indemnify the indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity or contribution could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, consent, compromise or termination (i) includes an unconditional written release, in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to the indemnified party, of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of such indemnified party. 
 (d) If the indemnification provided for in this Section is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of the expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in subsection (a) or (b) above (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy on the one hand and the Initial 
 23 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Purchaser on the other from the offering of the Underwritten Notes or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy on the one hand and the Initial Purchaser on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy on the one hand and the Initial Purchaser on the other, in connection with the offering of the Underwritten Notes, shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses other than any Initial Purchaser Compensation (as defined below)) received by the Issuer and the total discounts and commissions received by the Initial Purchaser (the Initial Purchaser Compensation bear to the aggregate initial offering prices of the Underwritten Notes. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Issuer, the Depositor, Sunnova Energy, or the Initial Purchaser and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The amount paid by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim which is the subject of this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no Initial Purchaser shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total discounts and commission received by it exceed the amount of any damages that it otherwise has been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 
 (e) The obligations of the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy under this Section shall be in addition to any liability which the Issuer, the Depositor or Sunnova Energy may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each person, if any, who controls the Initial Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and the obligations of the Initial Purchaser under this Section shall be in addition to any liability which such Initial Purchaser may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each person, if any, who controls the Issuer, the Depositor or Sunnova Energy within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Section 8. Default of Initial Purchaser . If the Initial Purchaser defaults in its obligations to purchase Underwritten Notes hereunder and the aggregate principal amount of Underwritten Notes that such defaulting Initial Purchaser agreed but failed to purchase does not exceed 10 of the total principal amount of Underwritten Notes, the non-defaulting Initial Purchaser may make arrangements satisfactory to the Issuer for the purchase of such Underwritten Notes by other persons, including any other Initial Purchaser, but if no such arrangements are made by the Closing Date, the non-defaulting Initial Purchaser shall be obligated to purchase the Underwritten Notes that such defaulting Initial Purchaser agreed but failed to purchase. If the Initial Purchaser so defaults and the principal amount of Underwritten Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10 of the total principal amount of Underwritten Notes and arrangements satisfactory to the non-defaulting Initial Purchaser and the Issuer for the purchase of such Underwritten Notes by other persons are not made within 36 hours after such default, this Agreement will terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Initial Purchaser or the Issuer, except as provided in Section 9 hereof. As used in this Agreement, the term Initial Purchaser includes any person substituted for the Initial Purchaser under this Section 8. Nothing herein will relieve a defaulting Initial Purchaser from liability in respect of any default of such Initial Purchaser under this Agreement. 
 24 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 9. Survival of Certain Representations and Obligations . The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Sunnova Entities or their respective officers and of the Initial Purchaser set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of the Initial Purchaser, the Sunnova Entities, or any of their respective representatives, officers or directors or any controlling person, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Notes. If for any reason the purchase of the Underwritten Notes by the Initial Purchaser is not consummated, each of the Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy shall remain responsible for the expenses to be paid or reimbursed by it pursuant to Section 5 hereof (except in the event of a breach of this Agreement by the Initial Purchaser) and the respective obligations of the Issuer, the Depositor, Sunnova Energy and the Initial Purchaser pursuant to Section 7 hereof shall remain in effect. 
 Section 10. Severability Clause . Any part, provision, representation, or warranty of this Agreement which is prohibited or is held to be void or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. 
 Section 11. Notices . All communications hereunder will be in writing and, (a) if sent to the Initial Purchaser will be mailed or delivered to Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Eleven Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, Attention Structured Products Finance (b) if sent to the Issuer, will be mailed or delivered to it at 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, Texas 77046, Attention Chief Executive Officer, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Baker Botts L.L.P., 910 Louisiana St., Houston, Texas 77002, Attention Travis Wofford (c) if sent to the Depositor, will be mailed or delivered to it at 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, Texas 77046, Attention Chief Executive Officer, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Baker Botts L.L.P., 910 Louisiana St., Houston, Texas 77002, Attention Travis Wofford and (d) if sent to Sunnova Energy will be mailed or delivered to it at Sunnova Energy Corporation, 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, Texas 77046, Attention Chief Executive Officer, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Baker Botts L.L.P., 910 Louisiana St., Houston, Texas 77002, Attention Travis Wofford or, as to each of the foregoing, at such other address, facsimile number or e-mail address as shall be designated by written notice to the other party. 
 Section 12. Successors . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the indemnified persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder, except that holders of the Underwritten Notes shall be entitled to enforce the agreements for their benefit contained in the fourth sentence of Section 5(b) hereof against the Issuer as if such holders were parties thereto. 
 Section 13. Applicable Law . THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. The Issuer, the Depositor and Sunnova Energy hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the courts of the United States of America of the Southern District of New York in each case sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York and the appellate courts from any thereof in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each party hereto waives, to the fullest extent permitted by requirements of law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under or in 
 25 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

connection with this Agreement. Each party hereto (i) certifies that no representative agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 13. 
 Section 14. Integration, Amendment and Counterparts . This Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof among the Initial Purchaser, Sunnova Energy, the Depositor and the Issuer. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated except by a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination is sought. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including electronic PDF), each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. The parties agree to electronic contracting and signatures with respect to this Agreement. Delivery of an electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, Adobe fill and sign and DOCUSIGN) shall be fully binding on the parties to the same extent as the delivery of the signed originals and shall be admissible into evidence for all purposes. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any party shall request manually signed counterpart signatures to this Agreement, each of the other parties hereby agrees to provide such manually signed signature pages as soon as commercially reasonable. 
 Section 15. No Petition . Prior to the date that is one year and one day after payment in full of the Notes, each party hereto agrees that it will not file any involuntary petition or otherwise institute, or join any other person in instituting, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any federal or State bankruptcy or similar law against the Issuer. 
 Section 16. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . Each of the Issuer, Depositor and Sunnova Energy acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Underwritten Notes pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the offering prices of the Underwritten Notes and any related discounts and commissions, is an arm s-length commercial transaction among the Sunnova Entities and the Initial Purchaser and each of the Sunnova Entities is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (b) in connection with the purchase and sale of the Underwritten Notes, the Initial Purchaser is and has been acting solely as principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of any of the Sunnova Entities, or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party (c) the Initial Purchaser has not assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any of the Sunnova Entities with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (d) the Initial Purchaser and its affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Sunnova Entities and that no Initial Purchaser has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any fiduciary or advisory relationship (e) the Sunnova Entities shall each consult with their own advisors concerning the purchase and sale of the Underwritten Notes and shall be responsible for making their own 
 26 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

independent investigation and appraisal of the transaction contemplated hereby, and the Initial Purchaser shall not have any responsibility or liability to any Sunnova Entity with respect thereto (f) no Initial Purchaser or its affiliates is providing or has provided legal, regulatory, tax, insurance or accounting advice in any jurisdiction and (g) each of the Sunnova Entities waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Initial Purchaser for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty. 
 Section 17. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes . 
 (a) In the event that the Initial Purchaser that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Initial Purchaser that is a Covered Entity of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 (b) In the event that the Initial Purchaser that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Initial Purchaser that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, any Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Initial Purchaser that is a Covered Entity are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 For the purposes of this Section 17, the following terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them below 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 27 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the undersigned a counterpart hereof, whereupon this Note Purchase Agreement shall represent a binding agreement among the Issuer, the Depositor, Sunnova Energy, and the Initial Purchaser. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC, as Issuer 

By s Robert L. Lane ______________ 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Sunnova Helios X Depositor, LLC, as Depositor 

By s Robert L. Lane ______________ 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation 

By s Robert L. Lane ______________ 
 Name Robert L. Lane 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Note Purchase Agreement 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

The foregoing Note Purchase Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted 
 as of the date first above written. 

Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, 
 as Initial Purchaser 

By s Spencer Hunsberger_______ 
 Name Spencer Hunsberger 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Note Purchase Agreement 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Pricing Information 
 Class A Initial Outstanding Note Balance 103,400,000 
 Class B Initial Outstanding Note Balance 80,600,000 

Class A Issue Price 94.61682 
 Class B Issue Price 91.01762 

Class A Note Rate 5.30 
 Class B Note Rate 5.60 

Class A Post-ARD Spread 
 Class B Post-ARD Spread 

Class A CUSIP ISIN (144A) 86744WAA7 US86744WAA71 
 (Reg S) U8677LAA3 USU8677LAA36 
 Class B CUSIP ISIN (144A) 86744WAB5 US86744WAB54 
 (Reg S) U8677LAB1 USU8677LAB19 

Pricing Date November 3, 2022 
 Closing Date November 10, 2022 

Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Road Show 
 
 see attached 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

EXHIBIT C 
 Third-Party Due Diligence Providers 
 1. Ernst & Young LLP 
 Third-Party Due Diligence Reports 
 1. Report of Independent Accountants on Applying Agreed Upon Procedures, dated October 18, 2022, obtained by the Depositor and Sunnova Energy and which sets forth the findings and conclusions, as applicable, of Ernst & Young LLP with respect to certain agreed-upon procedures performed by Ernst & Young LLP 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

EXHIBIT D 
 Initial Purchaser Class Initial Note Balance Purchase Price Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC A 103,400,000 
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC B 80,600,000 

Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211-subsidiarylist2.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries of Sunnova Energy International Inc. as of February 20, 2023 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Enerlast Insurance Group, LLC Texas Helios Depositor, LLC Delaware Helios Issuer, LLC Delaware Moonroad Services Group, LLC Delaware Starlane Manager, LLC Delaware Starlane Owner, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings III, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings IV, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings IX, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings V, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings VI, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings VII, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings VIII, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings X, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings XI, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova ABS Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova AP 6 Warehouse II, LLC Delaware Sunnova AP5-A, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 4, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 5 Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 5, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 6 Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 6, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 7 Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8 Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 9 Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Asset Portfolio 9, LLC Delaware Sunnova Business Markets Developer Co, LLC Delaware Sunnova Business Markets Asset Owner, LLC Delaware Sunnova C&I Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova Community Microgrids California, LLC California Sunnova Energy Corporation Delaware Sunnova Energy Guam, LLC Delaware Sunnova Energy Puerto Rico, LLC Delaware Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios II Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios II Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios III Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios III Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios IV Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios IV Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios IX Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios IX Issuer, LLC Delaware 

Sunnova Helios V Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios V Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios VI Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios VI Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios VII Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios VII Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios VIII Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios VIII Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios X Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios X Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios XI Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Helios XI Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Hestia Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Hestia I Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Hestia I Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Hestia I Lender, LLC Delaware Sunnova Hestia I Borrower, LLC Delaware Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Inventory Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Inventory Supply Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Inventory Supply, LLC Delaware Sunnova Inventory Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, LLC Delaware Sunnova LAP Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova LAP I, LLC Delaware Sunnova LAP II, LLC Delaware Sunnova Lease Vehicle 3-HI, LLC Delaware Sunnova Loan Distribution, LLC Delaware Sunnova Loan Servicing, LLC Delaware Sunnova Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova Microgrid Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Protect Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Protect Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova Protect OpCo, LLC Delaware Sunnova RAYS I Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova RAYS I Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova RAYS I Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova RAYS I Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova SAP I, LLC Delaware Sunnova SAP II, LLC Delaware Sunnova SAP IV, LLC Delaware Sunnova SLA Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol II Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol II Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol II Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol II Manager, LLC Delaware 

Sunnova Sol II Owner, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol III Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol III Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol III Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol III Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol III Owner, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol IV Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol IV Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol IV Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol IV Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol IV Owner, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol V Depositor, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol V Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol V Issuer, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova Sol Owner, LLC Delaware Sunnova SSA Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova TE Management I, LLC Delaware Sunnova TE Management II, LLC Delaware Sunnova TE Management III, LLC Delaware Sunnova TE Management, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-A Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-A, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-B Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-B, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-C Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-C, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-D Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-D, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-E Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 6-E, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-A Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-A, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-B Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-B, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-C Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-C, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-D Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-D, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-E Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP 7-E, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP I Developer, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP I Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP I Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP I, LLC Delaware 

Sunnova TEP II Developer, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP II Holdings, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP II Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP II, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP II-B, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP III Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP III, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP Inventory, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-A Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-A, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-B Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-B, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-C Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-C, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-D Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-D, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-E Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-E, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-F Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-F, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-G Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP IV-G, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP OpCo, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP Resources, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-A Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-A, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-B Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-B, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-C Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-C, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-D Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-D, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-E Manager, LLC Delaware Sunnova TEP V-E, LLC Delaware Sunstreet TEP Inventory, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231-auditorconsentx.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-240286), Form S-8 (No. 333-232878), and Form S-8 (No. 333-265137) of Sunnova Energy International Inc. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311-q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, William J. Berger, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sunnova Energy International Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s William J. Berger William J. Berger Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312-q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robert L. Lane, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sunnova Energy International Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Robert L. Lane Robert L. Lane Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321-q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (the Registrant hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s William J. Berger William J. Berger Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322-q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (the Registrant hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Robert L. Lane Robert L. Lane Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 nova-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 nova-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nova-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nova-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nova-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

