<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_728535_0001437749-23-004530.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7205642</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>188578</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1318388</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2101585</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1800401</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1624876</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-004530.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224155249
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-004530
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUNT J B TRANSPORT SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000728535
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCKING (NO LOCAL) [4213]
		IRS NUMBER:				710335111
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11757
		FILM NUMBER:		23666662

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		615 JB HUNT CORPORATE DR
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 130
		CITY:			LOWELL
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72745
		BUSINESS PHONE:		479-820-0000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		615 JB HUNT CORPORATE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 130
		CITY:			LOWELL
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72745

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-004530.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 jbht20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

jbht20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 

Identification No.) 

, 

(ZIP Code) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes No 

The aggregate market value of 82,346,856 shares of the registrant s 0.01 par value common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, was billion (based upon 157.47 per share). 

As of February 21, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Certain portions of the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held April 27, 2023, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. 

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

Form 10-K 

For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

2 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

12 

Item 2. 

Properties 

12 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

12 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

12 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

13 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

14 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

15 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

25 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

25 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

26 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

26 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

26 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

26 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

27 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

27 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

27 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

27 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

27 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

28 

Signatures 

31 

1

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report, including documents which are incorporated by reference and other documents which we file periodically with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), contains statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements. Such statements relate to our predictions concerning future events or operations and are within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use words like may, plan, contemplate, anticipate, believe, intend, continue, expect, project, goals, strategy, future, predict, seek, estimate, likely, could, should, would, and similar expressions, you should consider them as identifying forward-looking statements, although we may use other phrasing. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, subject to risks, and should be viewed with caution. These statements are based on our belief or interpretation of information currently available. Stockholders and prospective investors are cautioned that actual results and future events may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Some of the factors and events that are not within our control and that could have a material impact on future operating results include the following: general economic and business conditions; potential business or operational disruptions resulting from the effects of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, including any future spikes or outbreaks of the virus, as well as government actions taken in response to the pandemic; competition and competitive rate fluctuations; excess capacity in the intermodal or trucking industries; a loss of one or more major customers; cost and availability of diesel fuel; interference with or termination of our relationships with certain railroads; rail service delays; disruptions to U.S. port-of-call activity; ability to attract and retain qualified drivers, delivery personnel, independent contractors, and third-party carriers; retention of key employees; insurance costs and availability; litigation and claims expense; determination that independent contractors are employees; new or different environmental or other laws and regulations; volatile financial credit markets or interest rates; terrorist attacks or actions; acts of war; adverse weather conditions; disruption or failure of information systems; inability to keep pace with technological advances affecting our information technology platforms; operational disruption or adverse effects of business acquisitions; increased costs for and availability of new revenue equipment; increased tariffs assessed on or disruptions in the procurement of imported revenue equipment; decreases in the value of used equipment; and the ability of revenue equipment manufacturers to perform in accordance with agreements for guaranteed equipment trade-in values. 

You should understand that many important factors, in addition to those listed above, could impact us operationally and financially. Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of these and other risk factors or events as described in our filings with the SEC. Some important factors that could cause our future results to differ from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements are described under Risk Factors in Item 1A. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to the extent we become aware that it will not be achieved for any reason. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 OVERVIEW 

We are one of the largest surface transportation, delivery, and logistics companies in North America. J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. is a publicly held holding company that, through our wholly owned subsidiaries, provides a wide range of reliable transportation, brokerage, and delivery services to a diverse group of customers and consumers throughout the continental United States, Canada, and Mexico. Unless otherwise indicated by the context, we, us, our, the Company , and JBHT refer to J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We were incorporated in Arkansas on August 10, 1961, and have been a publicly held company since our initial public offering in 1983. Our service offerings include transportation of full-truckload containerized freight, which we directly transport utilizing our company-controlled revenue equipment and company drivers, independent contractors, or third-party carriers. We have arrangements with most of the major North American rail carriers to transport freight in containers or trailers, while we perform the majority of the pickup and delivery services. We also provide customized freight movement, revenue equipment, labor, systems, and delivery services that are tailored to meet individual customers requirements and typically involve long-term contracts. These arrangements are generally referred to as dedicated services and may include multiple pickups and drops, freight handling, specialized equipment, and freight network design. In addition, we provide or arrange for local and home delivery services, generally referred to as last-mile delivery services, to customers through a network of cross-dock and other delivery system locations throughout the continental United States. Utilizing thousands of reliable third-party carriers, we also provide comprehensive freight transportation brokerage and logistics services. In addition to dry-van, full-load operations, we also arrange for these unrelated outside carriers to provide flatbed, refrigerated, less-than-truckload (LTL), and other specialized equipment, drivers, and services. Also, we utilize a combination of company-owned and contracted power units to provide traditional over-the-road full truckload delivery services. Our customers, who include many Fortune 500 companies, have extremely diverse businesses. Many of them are served by J.B. Hunt 360 , an online platform that offers shippers and carriers greater access, visibility and transparency of the supply chain. 

2

We believe our ability to offer multiple services, utilizing our existing lines of business and a full complement of logistics services through third parties, represents a competitive advantage. We report our operating results for these services using five reporting segments: Intermodal (JBI), Dedicated Contract Services (DCS ), Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS), Final Mile Services (FMS) and Truckload (JBT). Our business usually involves slightly higher freight volumes in August through early November. Meanwhile, DCS and FMS are subject to less seasonal variation than our other segments. 

Our operations have been impacted by the COVID-19 global pandemic. We began our COVID-19 response activities in the first quarter of 2020, which required remote working when possible, expanded health and safety policies, facility modifications, increased security coverage, and purchase and distribution of personal protective equipment and supplies. In addition, we provided incremental paid time off for employees to help offset any financial loss caused by their absence from work when receiving the COVID-19 vaccination. We also worked with local healthcare organizations to provide vaccination assistance under applicable area guidelines and procedures to employees and their family members. In April 2022, we eliminated the requirement of remote working when possible, resulting in previously remote employees returning to our home office campus and all other field locations throughout North America. We continue to review and analyze both external and internal COVID-related data, including the effects of new variants. We are pleased with the continued performance of our employees, particularly our drivers, who provided consistent service to our customers throughout the pandemic. 

Additional general information about us is available at jbhunt.com. We make a number of reports and other information available free of charge on our website, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our website also contains corporate governance guidelines, our code of ethics, our whistleblower policy, Board committee charters, and other corporate policies. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this annual report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 

OUR MISSION AND STRATEGY 

Our Mission: To create the most efficient transportation network in North America. 

We forge long-term relationships with key customers that include supply chain management as an integral part of their strategies. Working in concert, we strive to drive out excess cost, add value and function as an extension of their enterprises. Our strategy is based on utilizing an integrated, multimodal approach to provide capacity-oriented solutions centered on delivering customer value and industry-leading service. We believe our unique operating strategy can add value to customers and increase our profits and returns to stockholders. 

We continually analyze opportunities for additional capital investment and where management s resources should be focused to provide more benefits to our customers. These actions should, in turn, yield increasing returns to our stockholders. 

Increasingly, our customers are seeking energy-efficient transportation solutions to reduce both cost and greenhouse-gas emissions. Our Company s mission, to create the most efficient transportation network in North America, focuses on delivering both for our customers across all of our business segments. We seek to accomplish this by maintaining a modern fleet to maximize fuel efficiency, converting loads from truck to rail with our intermodal service, and introducing technologies to optimize freight flows in the supply chain by eliminating waste. Additionally, we continue to test and explore the usage of alternative fuel vehicles. Efforts to improve fleet fuel efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions are ongoing. We are an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) SmartWay Transport Partner, and proud to have been awarded the EPA s SmartWay Excellence Award each of the past twelve years it was awarded. 

3

As always, we continue to ingrain safety into our corporate culture and strive to conduct all of our operations as safely as possible. 

OPERATING SEGMENTS 

Segment information is also included in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

JBI Segment 

The transportation service offerings of our JBI segment utilize arrangements with most major North American rail carriers to provide intermodal freight solutions for our customers throughout the continental United States, Canada, and Mexico. Our JBI segment began operations in 1989, forming a unique partnership with what is now the BNSF Railway Company (BNSF); this was a watershed event in the industry and the first agreement that linked major rail and truckload carriers in a joint service environment. Throughout the years that followed, JBI established multiple agreements with other Class I railroads. JBI draws on the intermodal services of these rail carriers for the underlying linehaul movement of its equipment between rail ramps. The origin and destination pickup and delivery services (drayage) are handled by our company-owned tractors for the majority of our intermodal loads, while third-party dray carriers are used where economical. By performing our own drayage services, we are able to provide a cost-competitive, seamless coordination of the combined rail and dray movements for our customers. 

JBI operates 115,150 pieces of company-owned trailing equipment systemwide. The fleet primarily consists of 53-foot, high-cube containers and is designed to take advantage of intermodal double-stack economics and superior ride quality. We own and maintain our own chassis fleet, consisting of 95,553 units. The containers and chassis are uniquely designed so that they may only be paired together, which we feel creates an operational competitive advantage. JBI also manages a fleet of 6,081 company-owned tractors and 7,972 company drivers and contracts 615 independent contractor trucks. At December 31, 2022, the total JBI employee count was 9,229. Revenue for the JBI segment in 2022 was 7.02 billion. 

DCS Segment 

DCS focuses on private fleet conversion and creation in replenishment and specialized equipment. We specialize in the design, development, and execution of supply chain solutions that support a variety of transportation networks. Contracts with our customers are long-term, ranging from three to 10 years, with the average being approximately five years. Pricing of our contracts typically involves cost-plus arrangements, with our fixed costs being recovered regardless of equipment utilization, but is customized based on invested capital and duration. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment operated 12,328 company-owned trucks, 570 customer-owned trucks, and 1 independent contractor truck. DCS also operates 23,354 owned pieces of trailing equipment and 4,968 customer-owned trailers. The DCS segment employed 16,334 people, including 13,887 drivers, at December 31, 2022. DCS revenue for 2022 was 3.38 billion. 

ICS Segment 

ICS provides traditional freight brokerage and transportation logistics solutions to customers through relationships with thousands of third-party carriers and integration with our owned equipment within other segments. By leveraging the J.B. Hunt brand, systems, and network, we provide a broader service offering to customers by providing flatbed, refrigerated, expedited, and LTL, as well as a variety of dry-van and intermodal solutions. Furthermore, we offer an online multimodal marketplace via J.B. Hunt 360 that helps shippers and carriers match the right load with the right carrier and the best mode. ICS also provides single-source logistics management for customers desiring to outsource their transportation functions and utilize our proven supply chain technology and design expertise to improve efficiency. ICS operates multiple remote sales offices or branches, as well as on-site logistics personnel working in direct contact with customers. 

4

At December 31, 2022, the ICS segment employed 984 people, with approximately 156,400 available third-party carriers. ICS revenue for 2022 was 2.39 billion. 

JBT Segment 

The service offering in this segment is full-load, dry-van freight, utilizing tractors and trailers operating over roads and highways. JBT also offers services through our J.B. Hunt 360box program which utilizes our J.B. Hunt 360 platform to access capacity and offer efficient drop trailer solutions to our customers. We typically pick up freight at the dock or specified location of the shipper and transport the load directly to the location of the consignee. We use our company-owned tractors and employee drivers or independent contractors or third-party carriers who agree to transport freight in our trailers. 

At December 31, 2022, the JBT segment operated 620 company-owned tractors, 14,718 company-owned trailers, and employed 1,055 people, 626 of whom were drivers. At December 31, 2022, we had 2,098 independent contractors operating in the JBT segment. JBT revenue for 2022 was 1.08 billion. 

FMS Segment 

FMS provides last-mile delivery services to customers through a nationwide network of cross-dock and other delivery system network locations, with 98 of the continental U.S. population living within 150 miles of a network location. FMS provides both asset and non-asset (brokerage) big and bulky delivery and installation services, as well as fulfillment and retail-pooling distributions services. FMS contracts with customers range from one to five years, with the average being approximately three years. 

At December 31, 2022, this segment operated 1,506 company-owned trucks, 303 customer-owned trucks, and 20 independent contractor trucks. FMS also operates 1,297 owned pieces of trailing equipment and 316 customer-owned trailers. The FMS segment employed 3,768 people, including 1,926 drivers and 607 delivery and material assistants, at December 31, 2022. FMS revenue for 2022 was 980 million. 

Marketing and Operations 

We transport, or arrange for the transportation of, a wide range of freight, including general merchandise, specialty consumer items, appliances, forest and paper products, food and beverages, building materials, soaps and cosmetics, automotive parts, agricultural products, electronics, and chemicals. Our customer base includes a large number of Fortune 500 companies. We provide many transportation services that meet the supply chain logistics needs of shippers. 

We generally market all of our service offerings through a nationwide sales and marketing network. We use specific sales forces in DCS and FMS due to the length, complexity, and specialization of the sales cycle. In addition to our sales teams, J.B. Hunt 360 offers instant access to a wide array of technology-driven solutions for customers and carriers. Through the platform, businesses of all sizes can quote and book shipments, view analytics, and gain visibility into freight movement. In accordance with our typical arrangements, we bill the customer for all services, and we, in turn, pay all third parties for their portion of transportation services provided. 

Human Capital Resources 

General 

Despite operating over 182,000 pieces of transportation equipment, our single greatest asset and one of the factors differentiating us from our competitors is our service-oriented people. J.B. Hunt strives to provide a supportive and safe work environment for its employees, where diverse and innovative ideas can be fostered to solve problems and provide value-added services for our customers. In addition to our employees, our customers, vendors, and communities in which we operate also share diverse backgrounds and an equally diverse range of interests and passions. J.B. Hunt puts forth its best effort to support initiatives reflecting the company values which are shared by its stakeholders. 

5

As of December 31, 2022, we had 37,151 employees, which consisted of 24,411 company drivers, 10,795 office personnel, 1,324 maintenance technicians, and 621 delivery and material assistants. We also had arrangements with 2,734 independent contractors to transport freight in our trailing equipment. None of our employees are represented by unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

In managing the Company s business, management focuses on various human capital measures and objectives designed to address the development, attraction, and retention of personnel. These include competitive compensation and benefits, paid time off, employee retirement plan, bonus and other incentive compensation plans, modern equipment and support, leadership development, and tuition assistance as well as those described below. 

Diversity and Inclusion 

We hold strongly to the principle that a qualified, diverse workforce, and inclusive workplace helps us represent the broad cross-section of ideas, values, and beliefs of our employees, customers, suppliers, and communities. In 2017, we established our Diversity and Inclusion initiative which reaches enterprise-wide and aims to create an inclusive culture and environment where employees from all backgrounds can succeed and be heard. Employees are evaluated and hired nationally in accordance with established criteria and regulatory requirements specific to their anticipated role within the Company. 

In addition, our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), Inclusion Office, and Inclusion Council work together to further our culture of inclusivity. The Company s six ERGs offer opportunities for employee professional development, business improvement, community engagement, and networking. Comprised of groups representing women, Latinos, veterans, LGBTQIA+, African Americans, and Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, our ERGs promote camaraderie within the workforce and allow employees with similar interests to build meaningful work relationships that enable career mobility. Our Inclusion Office is a division of our People Team where our inclusion strategy and work are centralized to enable our mission of creating an inclusive culture where all employees feel welcomed, valued, respected, safe, and heard. Our Inclusion Council was established in 2022 and is comprised of 15 senior leaders with diverse identities from across our organization. They are a voice for our people who share a passion for ensuring that inclusion remains a key component of creating an exceptional employee experience and drives how we do business. 

Employee Safety and Health 

The health and well-being of our workforce is a priority as we continue to ingrain safety into our corporate culture and strive to conduct all our operations as safely as possible. J.B. Hunt employees participate in regular job-specific safety training programs. In addition, J.B. Hunt s Million Mile Safe Driving and Recognition Awards Program has recognized and rewarded our drivers who dedicate themselves to accident-free driving. Since its inception in 1996, the program has awarded more than 35 million to over 4,600 drivers. 

We believe that access to quality healthcare is also an important part of this priority, and we have programs in place that focus on improving the quality of care that our employees and their families receive. Paid leave is another key component of this focus and the Company offers benefit plans that comply with all applicable laws. 

In April 2022, we successfully implemented our return to office plan and began concluding our COVID-19 specific safety response activities at our home office campus and all other field locations throughout North America. Our COVID-19 safety response included requiring remote working when possible, expanded health and safety policies, facility modifications, increased security coverage, and purchase and distribution of personal protective equipment and supplies. In addition, we provided incremental paid time off for employees to help offset any financial loss caused by their absence from work when receiving the COVID-19 vaccination. We also worked with local healthcare organizations to provide vaccination assistance under applicable area guidelines and procedures to employees and their family members. Due to the nature of our business and the large portion of our workforce consisting of drivers and other non-office personnel, fewer than 25 of our total employees were able to work remotely; however, we remained, and continue to remain, committed to the safety of our workforce, suppliers, and customers while continuing to meet our customers needs. 

6

Revenue Equipment 

Our JBI segment utilizes uniquely designed high-cube containers and chassis, which can only be paired with each other and can be separated to allow the containers to be double-stacked on rail cars. The composition of our DCS trailing fleet varies with specific customer requirements and may include dry-vans, flatbeds, temperature-controlled, curtain-side vans, and dump trailers. We primarily utilize third-party carriers tractor and trailing equipment for our ICS segment. Our FMS segment primarily utilizes straight trucks or similar equipment through third-party carriers, while the JBT segment operates primarily 53-foot dry-van trailers. 

As of December 31, 2022, our company-owned tractor and truck fleet consisted of 20,535 units. In addition, we had 2,734 independent contractors who operate their own tractors but transport freight in our trailing equipment. We operate with standardized tractors in as many fleets as possible, particularly in our JBI and JBT fleets. Due to our customers preferences and the actual business application, our DCS fleet is extremely diversified. We believe operating with relatively newer revenue equipment provides better customer service, attracts quality drivers, improved fuel efficiency and lowers maintenance expense. At December 31, 2022, the average age of our combined tractor fleet was 2.6 years, while our containers averaged 8.3 years of age and our trailers averaged 6.3 years. We perform routine servicing and preventive maintenance on our equipment at our regional terminal facilities. 

Competition and the Industry 

The freight transportation markets in which we operate are frequently referred to as highly fragmented and competitive. Our JBI segment competes with other intermodal marketing companies; other full-load carriers that utilize railroads for a portion of the transportation service; and, to a certain extent, some railroads directly. The diversified nature of the services provided by our DCS and FMS segments attracts competition from customers private fleets, other private fleet outsourcing companies, equipment leasing companies, local and regional delivery service providers, and some truckload carriers. Our ICS segment utilizes the fragmented nature of the truck industry and competes with other non-asset-based logistics companies and freight brokers, as well as full-load carriers. The full-load freight competition of our JBT segment includes thousands of carriers, many of which are very small. While we compete with a number of smaller carriers on a regional basis, only a limited number of companies represent competition in all markets across the country. 

We compete with other transportation service companies primarily in terms of price, on-time pickup and delivery service, availability and type of equipment capacity, and availability of carriers for logistics services. 

Regulation 

Our operations as a for-hire motor carrier are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA), and certain business is also subject to state rules and regulations. The DOT periodically conducts reviews and audits to ensure our compliance with federal safety requirements, and we report certain accident and other information to the DOT. Our operations into and out of Canada and Mexico are subject to regulation by those countries. We are also subject to a variety of requirements of national, state, and local governments, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. 

We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations dealing with the handling of hazardous materials, underground fuel storage tanks, and discharge and retention of storm water. These laws and regulations have the effect of increasing the costs, risks and liabilities associated with our applicable operations. We are also subject to existing and potential future laws and regulations with regards to public policy on climate change. If current regulatory requirements become more stringent or new environmental laws and regulations regarding climate change are introduced, we could be required to make significant expenditures or abandon certain activities. 

7

We continue to monitor the actions of the FMCSA and other regulatory agencies and evaluate all proposed rules to determine their impact on our operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In addition to the factors outlined previously in this Form 10-K regarding forward-looking statements and other comments regarding risks and uncertainties, the following risk factors should be carefully considered when evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition or financial results could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

Our business is significantly impacted by economic conditions, customer business cycles and seasonal factors. 

Our business is dependent on the freight shipping needs of our customers, which can be heavily impacted by economic conditions and other factors affecting their businesses. Recessionary economic cycles and downturns in customers business cycles, particularly in market segments and industries where we have a significant concentration of customers, may substantially reduce freight volumes for which our customers need transportation services and lead to excess capacity in the industry and resulting pressure on the rates we are able to obtain for our services. Adverse economic conditions may also require us to increase our reserve for bad debt losses. In addition, our results of operations may be affected by seasonal factors. Customers tend to reduce shipments after the winter holiday season, and our operating expenses tend to be higher in the winter months, primarily due to colder weather, which causes higher fuel consumption from increased idle time and higher maintenance costs. Any of these factors could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is significantly impacted by the effects of national or international health pandemics on general economic conditions and the operations of our customers and third-party suppliers and service providers. 

Our operations can be heavily impacted by the effects of a widespread outbreak of contagious disease, principally the recent outbreak of the COVID-19 virus. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have and may continue to disrupt or restrict the freight shipping activities of some of our customers, on which our business is dependent. In addition, adverse economic conditions caused by COVID-19 may also require us to increase our reserve for bad debt losses. Furthermore, the continuation or resumption of COVID-19 related social and economic disruptions may lead to other events which could negatively impact our operations including service limitations of our third-party purchased transportation providers, reduced availability of drivers and other key employees, disruptions in the procurement of revenue equipment, restrictions at U.S. ports of call, excess capacity or rate reductions within the intermodal or trucking industries, inability of suppliers to continue activities, or volatile financial credit markets. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak and any future resurgences will impact general economic and business conditions is highly uncertain and unpredictable; however, any of these factors could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Extreme or unusual weather conditions can disrupt our operations, impact freight volumes, and increase our costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business results. 

Certain weather conditions such as ice and snow can disrupt our operations. Increases in the cost of our operations, such as towing and other maintenance activities, frequently occur during the winter months. Natural disasters such as hurricanes and flooding can also impact freight volumes and increase our costs. 

8

Our operations are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including legislative and regulatory responses to climate change. Compliance with environmental requirements could result in significant expenditures and the violation of these regulations could result in substantial fines or penalties. 

We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations dealing with the handling of hazardous materials, underground fuel storage tanks, and discharge and retention of storm water. We operate in industrial areas, where truck terminals and other industrial activities are located and where groundwater or other forms of environmental contamination have occurred. Our operations involve the risks of fuel spillage or seepage, environmental damage, and hazardous waste disposal, among others. We also maintain bulk fuel storage and fuel islands at several of our facilities. If a spill or other accident involving hazardous substances occurs, or if we are found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. If we should fail to comply with applicable environmental regulations, we could be subject to substantial fines or penalties and to civil and criminal liability. 

We are also subject to existing and potential future laws and regulations with regards to public policy on climate change. If current regulatory requirements become more stringent or new environmental laws and regulations regarding climate change are introduced, we could be required to make significant expenditures or abandon certain activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

We depend on third parties in the operation of our business. 

Our JBI business segment utilizes railroads in the performance of its transportation services. The majority of these services are provided pursuant to contractual relationships with the railroads. While we have agreements with a number of Class I railroads, the majority of our business travels on the BNSF and the Norfolk Southern railways. The transportation services provided by these railroads have been in recent years and may from time to time in the future be impacted by contractual disagreements, labor disruptions or shortages, and other rail network inefficiencies. A material change in the relationship with, the ability to utilize or the overall service levels provided by one or more of these railroads could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, a portion of the freight we deliver is imported to the United States through ports of call that are subject to labor union contracts. Work stoppages or other disruptions at any of these ports could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We regularly purchase new revenue equipment, including trucks, chassis and trailing equipment, in each of our operating segments to expand our fleets and replace aging equipment. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, equipment manufacturers have experienced production and delivery delays due to work stoppages, supply chain disruptions and high demand that have impacted the availability, cost and timing of our receipt of new equipment orders. Any continued or future delays in the availability of new revenue equipment or further increases in the cost of such equipment could have a material adverse affect on our business and profitability by reducing productivity, increasing maintenance expenses and capital expenditures, and limiting our ability to expand our business. 

We also utilize independent contractors and third-party carriers to complete our services. These third parties are subject to similar regulation requirements, which may have a more significant impact on their operations, causing them to exit the transportation industry. Aside from when these third parties may use our trailing equipment to fulfill loads, we do not own the revenue equipment or control the drivers delivering these loads. The inability to obtain reliable third-party carriers and independent contractors could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and business growth. 

Rapid changes in fuel costs could impact our periodic financial results. 

Fuel costs can be very volatile. We have a fuel surcharge revenue program in place with the majority of our customers, which has historically enabled us to recover the majority of higher fuel costs. Most of these programs automatically adjust weekly depending on the cost of fuel. However, there can be timing differences between a change in our fuel cost and the timing of the fuel surcharges billed to our customers. In addition, we incur additional costs when fuel price increases cannot be fully recovered due to our engines being idled during cold or warm weather and empty or out-of-route miles that cannot be billed to customers. Rapid increases in fuel costs or shortages of fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operations or future profitability. As of December 31, 2022, we had no derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fuel-price fluctuations. 

9

Insurance and claims expenses could significantly reduce our earnings. 

Our future insurance and claims expenses might exceed historical levels, which could reduce our earnings. We have experienced substantial increases in the number and severity of auto liability claims which have exceeded our insurance coverage layers, which has adversely impacted our operating results in recent periods. If the number or severity of claims for which we are self-insured continues to increase, our operating results could be further adversely affected. We have policies in place for 2023 with substantially the same terms as our 2022 policies for personal injury, property damage, workers compensation, and cargo loss or damage. We purchase insurance coverage for the amounts above which we are self-insured. If these expenses increase and we are unable to offset the increase with higher freight rates, our earnings could be materially and adversely affected. 

We operate in a regulated industry, and increased direct and indirect costs of compliance with, or liability for violation of, existing or future regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The DOT, FMCSA, and various state agencies exercise broad powers over our business, generally governing matters including authorization to engage in motor carrier service, equipment operation, safety, and financial reporting. We are audited periodically by the DOT to ensure that we are in compliance with various safety, hours-of-service, and other rules and regulations. If we were found to be out of compliance, the DOT could restrict or otherwise impact our operations. Our failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations to which we are subject, whether actual or alleged, could expose us to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments. Further, these agencies could institute new laws, rules or regulations or issue interpretation changes to existing regulations at any time. Compliance with new laws, rules or regulations could substantially impair labor and equipment productivity, increase our costs or impact our ability to offer certain services. 

Difficulty in attracting and retaining drivers and delivery personnel could affect our profitability and ability to grow. 

If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary quality and number of employees, we could be required to significantly increase our employee compensation package, let revenue equipment sit idle, dispose of the equipment altogether, or rely more on higher-cost third-party carriers, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability. In addition, our growth could be limited by an inability to attract third-party carriers upon whom we rely to provide transportation services. 

We operate in a competitive and highly fragmented industry. Numerous factors could impair our ability to maintain our current profitability and to compete with other carriers and private fleets. 

We compete with many other transportation service providers of varying sizes and, to a lesser extent, with LTL carriers and railroads, some of which have more equipment and greater capital resources than we do. Additionally, some of our competitors periodically reduce their freight rates to gain business, especially during times of reduced growth rates in the economy, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase freight rates or to maintain our profit margins. 

In an effort to reduce the number of carriers it uses, a customer often selects so-called core carriers as approved transportation service providers, and in some instances, we may not be selected. Many customers periodically accept bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, and this process may depress freight rates or result in the loss of some business to competitors. Also, certain customers that operate private fleets to transport their own freight could decide to expand their operations, thereby reducing their need for our services. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a few major customers, the loss of one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

For the calendar year ended December 31, 2022, our top 10 customers, based on revenue, accounted for approximately 38 of our revenue. One customer accounted for approximately 14 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our JBI, ICS, and JBT segments typically do not have long-term contracts with their customers. While our DCS and FMS segments may involve long-term written contracts, those contracts may contain cancellation clauses, and there is no assurance that our current customers will continue to utilize our services or continue at the same levels. A reduction in or termination of our services by one or more of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

10

A determination that independent contractors are employees could expose us to various liabilities and additional costs. 

Federal and state legislation as well as tax and other regulatory authorities have sought to assert that independent contractors in the transportation service industry are employees rather than independent contractors. An example of such legislation has recently gone into effect in California, although a legal challenge to the law is pending. There can be no assurance that interpretations that support the independent contractor status will not change, that other federal or state legislation will not be enacted or that various authorities will not successfully assert a position that re-classifies independent contractors to be employees. If our independent contractors are determined to be our employees, that determination could materially increase our exposure under a variety of federal and state tax, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment and tort laws, as well as our potential liability for employee benefits. In addition, such changes may be applied retroactively, and if so, we may be required to pay additional amounts to compensate for prior periods. Any of the above increased costs would adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We may be subject to litigation claims that could result in significant expenditures. 

We by the nature of our operations are exposed to the potential for a variety of litigation, including personal injury claims, vehicular collisions and accidents, alleged violations of federal and state labor and employment laws, such as class-action lawsuits alleging wage and hour violations and improper pay, commercial and contract disputes, cargo loss and property damage claims. While we purchase insurance coverage at levels we deem adequate, future litigation may exceed our insurance coverage or may not be covered by insurance. We accrue a provision for a litigation matter according to applicable accounting standards based on the ongoing assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the litigation, its likelihood of success, and an evaluation of the possible range of loss. Our inability to defend ourselves against a significant litigation claim could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

We rely significantly on our information technology systems, a disruption, failure or security breach of which or an inability to keep pace with technological advances could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We rely on information technology throughout all areas of our business to initiate, track, and complete customer orders; process financial and nonfinancial data; compile results of operations for internal and external reporting; and achieve operating efficiencies and growth. We have also invested significantly in the development of our Marketplace for J.B. Hunt 360 online freight matching platform, through which we are generating an increasing amount of revenue. Each of our information technology systems may be susceptible to various interruptions, including equipment or network failures, failed upgrades or replacement of software, user error, power outages, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, theft or misuse of data, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, hackers, or other security breaches. We may in the future experience security breaches and other interruptions of our information technology systems despite our best efforts to prevent them. We have mitigated our exposure to these risks through the establishment and maintenance of technology security programs and disaster recovery plans, but these mitigating activities may not be sufficient. A significant disruption, failure or security breach in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, which could include operational disruptions, loss of confidential information, external reporting delays or errors, legal claims, or damage to our business reputation. We also could experience an inability to keep pace with technological advances, resulting in our information technology platforms becoming obsolete or our competitors developing related or similar service offerings more effective than ours. 

11

Acquisitions or business combinations may disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our operations or earnings. 

A substantial portion of the growth of our FMS segment has resulted from strategic acquisitions, and our future growth strategy for FMS and possibly other operating segments may involve the acquisition of one or more businesses. We could have difficulty integrating acquired companies assets, personnel and operations with our own. Regardless of whether we are successful in making an acquisition or completing a business combination, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, and increase our operating costs. Acquisitions and business combinations are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without limitation, the difficulty of integrating acquired companies and operations; potential disruption of our ongoing businesses and distraction of our management or the management of acquired companies; difficulties in maintaining controls, procedures and policies; potential impairment of relationships with employees and partners as a result of any integration of new management personnel; potential inability to manage an increased number of locations and employees; failure to realize expected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; or the effect of any government regulations which relate to the businesses acquired. 

Our business could be materially impacted if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems encountered in connection with an acquisition or business combination involving FMS or other segments, many of which cannot be presently identified. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We own our corporate headquarters in Lowell, Arkansas. In addition, we own or lease buildings in Lowell that we utilize for administrative support and warehousing. We also own or lease 52 other significant facilities across the United States where we perform maintenance on our equipment, provide bulk fuel, and employ personnel to support operations. These facilities vary in size from 2 to 39 acres. Each of our business segments utilizes these facilities. In addition, we have 129 leased or owned facilities in our FMS cross-dock and other delivery system networks and multiple leased or owned remote sales offices or branches in our ICS segment. We also own or lease multiple small facilities, offices, and parking yards throughout the country that support our customers business needs. 

A summary of our principal facilities in locations throughout the U.S. follows: 

Type 

Acreage 

Maintenance Shop/ 

			 Cross-dock Facility 

			 (square feet) 

Office Space 

			 (square feet) 

Maintenance and support facilities 

563 

935,000 

198,000 

Cross-dock and delivery system facilities 

82 

4,567,000 

140,000 

Corporate headquarters campus, Lowell, Arkansas 

130 

- 

707,000 

Branch sales offices 

- 

- 

50,000 

Other facilities, offices, and parking yards 

555 

995,000 

266,000 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

See Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies in our Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures related to legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

12

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol JBHT. At December 31, 2022, we were authorized to issue up to 1 billion shares of our common stock, and 167.1 million shares were issued. We had 103.7 million and 105.1 million shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. On February 21, 2023, we had 967 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

Our dividend policy is subject to review and revision by the Board of Directors, and payments are dependent upon our financial condition, liquidity, earnings, capital requirements, and any other factors the Board of Directors may deem relevant. On January 19, 2023, we announced an increase in our quarterly cash dividend from 0.40 to 0.42 per share, which was paid February 24, 2023, to stockholders of record on February 10, 2023. We currently intend to continue paying cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, no assurance can be given that future dividends will be paid. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

On January 22, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 500 million of our common stock. On July 20, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional purchase of up to 500 million of our common stock. These stock repurchase programs have no expiration date. At December 31, 2022, we had 551.1 million available under these authorized plans to purchase our common stock. We made no purchases of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

13

Stock Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total return of stockholders of our common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 index and two customized peer groups. The peer group labeled 2021 Peer Group consists of 13 companies: C.H. Robinson Worldwide Inc., CSX Corporation, Expeditors International of Washington Inc., Hub Group Inc., Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc., Norfolk Southern Corporation, Old Dominion Freight Line Inc., Republic Services Inc., Ryder System Inc., Schneider National Inc., Stericycle Inc., Waste Management Inc., and XPO, Inc. The peer group labeled 2022 Peer Group consists of 14 companies: C.H. Robinson Worldwide Inc., CSX Corporation, Expeditors International of Washington Inc., Hub Group Inc., Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc., Norfolk Southern Corporation, Old Dominion Freight Line Inc., Republic Services Inc., Ryder System Inc., Schneider National Inc., Stericycle Inc., Union Pacific Corporation, Waste Management Inc., and XPO, Inc. The graph assumes the value of the investment in our common stock, in the index, and in each of the peer groups (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on December 31, 2017 and tracks it through December 31, 2022. The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

100.00 

81.59 

103.43 

122.15 

183.99 

158.36 

S P 500 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.89 

2021 Peer Group 

100.00 

100.83 

127.45 

154.02 

210.17 

182.35 

2022 Peer Group 

100.00 

102.30 

131.78 

157.84 

208.60 

179.30 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

14

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes in Item 8. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please see Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of items, uncertainties, assumptions and risks associated with these statements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that impact the amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Therefore, the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and associated disclosures of contingent liabilities are affected by these estimates. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis, utilizing historical experience, consultation with third parties and other methods considered reasonable in the particular circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. Any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recognized in the accounting period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. We consider our critical accounting policies and estimates to be those that require us to make more significant judgments and estimates when we prepare our financial statements and include the following: 

Workers Compensation and Accident Costs 

We purchase insurance coverage for a portion of expenses related to employee injuries, vehicular collisions, accidents, and cargo damage. Certain insurance arrangements include a level of self-insurance (deductible) coverage applicable to each claim. We have umbrella policies to limit our exposure to catastrophic claim costs which may include certain coverage-layer-specific, aggregated reimbursement limits of covered excess claims. We are substantially self-insured for loss of and damage to our owned and leased revenue equipment. 

The amounts of self-insurance change from time to time based on measurement dates, policy expiration dates, and claim type. For 2020 through 2022, we were self-insured for 500,000 per occurrence as well as subject to coverage-layer-specific, aggregated reimbursement limits of covered excess claims for personal injury and property damage. We were fully insured for workers compensation claims for nearly all states. We have policies in place for 2023 with substantially the same terms as our 2022 policies for personal injury, property damage, workers compensation, and cargo loss or damage. 

Our claims accrual policy for all self-insured claims is to recognize a liability at the time of the incident based on our analysis of the nature and severity of the claims and analyses provided by third-party claims administrators, as well as legal, economic, and regulatory factors. Our safety and claims personnel work directly with representatives from the insurance companies to continually update the estimated cost of each claim. The ultimate cost of a claim develops over time as additional information regarding the nature, timing, and extent of damages claimed becomes available. Accordingly, we use an actuarial method to develop current claim information to derive an estimate of our ultimate personal injury and property damage claim liability. This process involves the use of expected loss rates, loss-development factors based on our historical claims experience, claim frequencies and severity, and contractual premium adjustment factors, if applicable. In doing so, the recorded liability considers future claims growth and provides a reserve for incurred-but-not-reported claims. We do not discount our estimated losses. At December 31, 2022, we had an accrual of approximately 427 million for estimated claims. A significant increase in the volume of claims or amount of settlements exceeding our coverage-layer specific, aggregated reimbursement limits could result in significant increase in our estimated liability for claims in future periods. In addition, we record receivables for amounts expected to be reimbursed for payments made in excess of self-insurance levels on covered claims. At December 31, 2022, we have recorded 374 million of expected reimbursement for covered excess claims, other insurance deposits, and prepaid insurance premiums. 

15

Revenue Equipment 

We operate a significant number of tractors, trucks, containers, chassis, and trailers in connection with our business. This equipment may be purchased or acquired under lease agreements. In addition, we may rent revenue equipment from various third parties under short-term rental arrangements. Purchased revenue equipment is depreciated on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life to an estimated salvage or trade-in value. We periodically review the useful lives and salvage values of our revenue equipment and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment. We have not identified any impairment to our assets at December 31, 2022. 

We have agreements with our primary tractor suppliers for residual or trade-in values for certain new equipment. We have utilized these trade-in values, as well as other operational information such as anticipated annual miles, in accounting for depreciation expense. 

Revenue Recognition 

We record revenues on the gross basis at amounts charged to our customers because we control and are primarily responsible for the fulfillment of promised services. Accordingly, we serve as a principal in the transaction. We invoice our customers, and we maintain discretion over pricing. Additionally, we are responsible for selection of third-party transportation providers to the extent used to satisfy customer freight requirements. 

We recognize revenue from customer contracts based on relative transit time in each reporting period and as other performance obligations are provided, with related expenses recognized as incurred. Accordingly, a portion of the total revenue that will be billed to the customer is recognized in each reporting period based on the percentage of the freight pickup and delivery performance obligation that has been completed at the end of the reporting period. 

Our trade accounts receivable includes accounts receivable reduced by an allowance for uncollectible accounts. Receivables are recorded at amounts billed to customers when loads are delivered or services are performed. The allowance for uncollectible accounts is calculated over the life of the underlying receivable and is based on historical experience; any known trends or uncertainties related to customer billing and account collectability; current economic conditions; and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts, each applied to segregated risk pools based on the business segment that generated the receivable. The adequacy of our allowance is reviewed quarterly. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes under the liability method. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities represent items that will result in a tax deduction or taxable income in future years for which we have already recorded the related tax expense or benefit in our statement of earnings. Deferred tax accounts arise as a result of timing differences between when items are recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements and when they are recognized in our tax returns. We assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income or the reversal of temporary timing differences. To the extent we believe recovery does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold, a valuation allowance is established. To the extent we establish a valuation allowance, we include an expense as part of our income tax provision. 

Significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of complex tax laws and certain tax-related contingencies on our provision for income taxes. As part of our calculation of the provision for income taxes, we assess whether the benefits of our tax positions are at least more likely than not to be sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the tax position. For tax positions that are not more likely than not to be sustained upon audit, we accrue the largest amount of the benefit that is not more likely than not to be sustained in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Such accruals require us to make estimates and judgments, whereby actual results could vary materially from these estimates. Further, a number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established an accrual is audited and resolved. See Note 6, Income Taxes, in our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our current tax contingencies. 

16

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following table sets forth items in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings as a percentage of operating revenues and the percentage increase or decrease of those items compared with the prior year. 

Percentage of 

			 Operating Revenues 

Percentage Change 

			 Between Years 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 

			 2021 

2021 vs. 

			 2020 

Operating revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

21.7 

26.3 

Operating expenses: 

Rents and purchased transportation 

49.9 

53.0 

51.4 

14.6 

30.2 

Salaries, wages and employee benefits 

22.8 

22.7 

24.4 

22.1 

17.6 

Fuel and fuel taxes 

6.3 

4.4 

3.7 

75.6 

48.4 

Depreciation and amortization 

4.4 

4.6 

5.5 

15.7 

5.6 

Operating supplies and expenses 

3.4 

3.0 

3.5 

36.1 

10.5 

Insurance and claims 

2.1 

1.4 

1.4 

92.7 

22.7 

General and administrative expenses, net of asset dispositions 

1.4 

1.5 

1.8 

10.1 

8.6 

Operating taxes and licenses 

0.5 

0.5 

0.6 

14.8 

9.4 

Communication and utilities 

0.2 

0.3 

0.3 

5.3 

4.0 

Total operating expenses 

91.0 

91.4 

92.6 

21.2 

24.6 

Operating income 

9.0 

8.6 

7.4 

27.4 

46.6 

Net interest expense 

0.4 

0.4 

0.5 

9.7 

(2.8 

Earnings before income taxes 

8.6 

8.2 

6.9 

28.2 

50.1 

Income taxes 

2.1 

1.9 

1.6 

30.6 

49.4 

Net earnings 

6.5 

6.3 

5.3 

27.4 

50.3 

2022 Compared With 2021 

Consolidated Operating Revenues 

Our total consolidated operating revenues increased 21.7 to 14.81 billion in 2022, compared to 12.17 billion in 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher revenue per load and increased load volumes within JBI and JBT, increased average revenue producing trucks and fleet productivity within DCS, and increased revenue in FMS primarily driven by a business acquisition, partially offset by decreased ICS load volume. Fuel surcharge revenues increased 94.2 to 2.43 billion in 2022, compared to 1.25 billion in 2021. If fuel surcharge revenues were excluded from both years, our 2022 revenue increased 13.4 over 2021. 

Consolidated Operating Expenses 

Our 2022 consolidated operating expenses increased 21.2 from 2021, while year-over-year revenue increased 21.7 , resulting in a 2022 operating ratio of 91.0 compared to 91.4 in 2021. 

Rents and purchased transportation costs increased 14.6 in 2022, primarily due to an increase in rail carrier purchased transportation costs within the JBI segment and an increase in the use of third-party truck carriers by JBT, partially offset by decreased ICS load volume. Salaries, wages and employee benefit costs increased 22.1 in 2022 from 2021. This increase was primarily related to increases in driver pay and office personnel compensation and an increase in the number of employees as well as an increase in group medical expense compared to 2021. 

17

Fuel and fuel taxes expense increased 75.6 in 2022 compared with 2021, due primarily to an increase in the price of fuel during 2022 and increased road miles. We have fuel surcharge programs in place with the majority of our customers. These programs typically involve a specified computation based on the change in national, regional, or local fuel prices. While these programs may address fuel cost changes as frequently as weekly, most also reflect a specified miles-per-gallon factor and require a certain minimum change in fuel costs to trigger a change in fuel surcharge revenue. As a result, some of these programs have a time lag between when fuel costs change and when this change is reflected in revenues. Due to these programs, this lag negatively impacts operating income in times of rapidly increasing fuel costs and positively impacts operating income when fuel costs decrease rapidly. It is not meaningful to compare the amount of fuel surcharge revenue or the change in fuel surcharge revenue between reporting periods to fuel and fuel taxes expense, or the change of fuel expense between periods, as a significant portion of fuel cost is included in our payments to railroads, dray carriers and other third parties. These payments are classified as purchased transportation expense. 

Depreciation and amortization expense increased 15.7 in 2022, primarily due to equipment purchases related to new DCS long-term customer contracts, the addition of trailing equipment within our JBI and JBT segments and increased intangible asset amortization expense resulting from the business acquisition within FMS. 

Operating supplies and expenses increased 36.1 in 2022 compared with 2021, driven primarily by higher equipment maintenance costs, due to holding equipment longer, increased tire expense, increased tolls expense, and higher travel and entertainment expenses compared to 2021. Insurance and claims expense increased 92.7 in 2022, primarily due to increased cost per claim, higher insurance policy premium expense, and the inclusion of 94.0 million of expense for additional casualty claim reserves for claims subject to insurance coverage layer specific aggregated limits in 2022. General and administrative expenses increased 10.1 from 2021, primarily due to higher building rentals, higher software subscription expense, increased professional services expense, and higher bad debt expense, partially offset by higher net gains from sale or disposals of assets. Net gain from sale or disposal of assets was 25.4 million in 2022, compared to a net loss from sale or disposals of assets of 5.5 million in 2021. 

Net interest expense for 2022 increased by 9.7 compared with 2021, due to higher effective interest rates on our debt. Income tax expense increased 30.6 in 2022, due primarily to increased taxable earnings in 2022. Our effective income tax rate was 24.4 in 2022 and 23.9 in 2021. 

Segments 

We operated five business segments during 2022. The operation of each of these businesses is described in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The following tables summarize financial and operating data by segment: 

Operating Revenue by Segment 

Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

JBI 

7,022 

5,454 

4,675 

DCS 

3,378 

2,578 

2,196 

ICS 

2,386 

2,538 

1,658 

JBT 

1,082 

796 

463 

FMS 

980 

842 

689 

Total segment revenues 

14,848 

12,208 

9,681 

Intersegment eliminations 

(34 

(40 

(44 

Total 

14,814 

12,168 

9,637 

Operating Income by Segment 

Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

JBI 

800 

603 

428 

DCS 

345 

304 

314 

ICS 

59 

46 

(45 

JBT 

93 

65 

17 

FMS 

35 

28 

(1 

Total 

1,332 

1,046 

713 

18

Operating Data by Segment 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

JBI 

Loads 

2,068,278 

1,984,834 

2,019,391 

Average length of haul (miles) 

1,665 

1,684 

1,690 

Revenue per load 

3,395 

2,748 

2,315 

Average tractors during the period (1) 

6,601 

5,904 

5,530 

Tractors (end of period) 

6,696 

6,194 

5,663 

Trailing equipment (end of period) 

115,150 

104,973 

98,689 

Average effective trailing equipment usage 

107,319 

98,798 

90,514 

DCS 

Loads 

4,406,527 

4,020,308 

3,676,212 

Average length of haul (miles) 

165 

161 

160 

Revenue per truck per week (2) 

5,225 

4,719 

4,373 

Average trucks during the period (3) 

12,564 

10,628 

9,743 

Trucks (end of period) 

12,899 

11,689 

9,911 

Trailing equipment (end of period) 

28,322 

28,822 

27,290 

ICS 

Loads 

1,231,334 

1,326,979 

1,265,897 

Revenue per load 

1,938 

1,912 

1,310 

Gross profit margin 

14.7 

11.8 

9.9 

Employee count (end of period) 

984 

975 

1,011 

Approximate number of third-party carriers (end of period) 

156,400 

136,400 

100,200 

Marketplace for J.B. Hunt 360 revenue (millions) 

1,521.1 

1,583.8 

1,142.2 

JBT 

Loads 

500,407 

445,812 

406,550 

Average trailers during the period 

12,798 

9,299 

7,866 

Revenue per load 

2,163 

1,785 

1,138 

Average length of haul 

520 

482 

420 

Tractors (end of period) 

Company-owned 

620 

734 

798 

Independent contractor 

2,098 

1,501 

971 

Total tractors 

2,718 

2,235 

1,769 

Trailers (end of period) 

14,718 

11,172 

8,567 

FMS 

Stops 

5,432,627 

6,413,680 

5,771,533 

Average trucks during the period (3) 

1,814 

1,520 

1,405 

(1) 

Includes company-owned and independent contractor tractors 

(2) 

Using weighted workdays 

(3) 

Includes company-owned, independent contractor, and customer-owned trucks 

19

JBI Segment 

JBI segment revenue increased 29 to 7.02 billion in 2022, from 5.45 billion in 2021. This increase in revenue was primarily a result of a 24 increase in revenue per load, which is the combination of changes in freight mix, customer rate changes, cost recovery efforts, and fuel surcharge revenue and a 4 increase in load volume. Eastern network load volumes increased 9 and transcontinental loads increased 1 compared to 2021. Revenue per load excluding fuel surcharges increased 15 compared to 2021. 

Operating income of the JBI segment increased to 800 million in 2022, from 603 million in 2021. The increase is primarily due to increased revenue and higher net gains from the sale of equipment during the current year, partially offset by higher rail and third-party dray purchased transportation expense, higher costs to attract and retain drivers, increased non-driver salary and wages, higher equipment-related expenses, increased insurance and claims expense, and higher costs due to rail and port network inefficiencies and customer detention of equipment. In addition, JBI incurred 33 million in expense for the segment s portion of the additional casualty claim reserves in 2022. 

DCS Segment 

DCS segment revenue increased 31 to 3.38 billion in 2022, from 2.58 billion in 2021. Productivity, defined as revenue per truck per week, increased 11 compared to 2021. Productivity excluding fuel surcharge revenue increased 4 from 2021. The increase in productivity was primarily due to contractual index-based rate increases, partially offset by lower productivity of equipment on start-up accounts. Customer retention rates remain above 98 . 

Operating income of our DCS segment increased to 345 million in 2022, from 304 million in 2021. Higher revenues and higher net gains from the sale of equipment during 2022 were partially offset by increased driver and non-driver wages, benefits and recruiting costs, higher equipment-related expenses, higher costs related to the implementation of new long-term customer contracts, increased insurance and claims expense, and higher bad debt expense when compared to 2021. In addition, DCS incurred 27 million in expense for the segment s portion of the additional casualty claim reserves in 2022. 

ICS Segment 

ICS segment revenue decreased 6 to 2.39 billion in 2022, from 2.54 billion in 2021. Overall volumes decreased 7 , while revenue per load increased 1 when compared to 2021, primarily due to higher contractual customer rates within the truckload business and changes in customer freight mix when compared to 2021. Contractual business was 56 of the total load volume and 51 of the total revenue in 2022, compared to 51 of the total load volume and 39 of the total revenue in 2021. 

Operating income of our ICS segment increased to 59 million in 2022, from 46 million in 2021. The increase in operating income was primarily due to higher gross profit margins, partially offset by higher personnel costs, increased technology spending, increased insurance and claims expense, and higher bad debt expense during 2022. In addition, ICS incurred 22 million in expense for the segment s portion of the additional casualty claim reserves in 2022. Gross profit margin increased to 14.7 in the current year versus 11.8 last year. Approximately 1.52 billion of ICS revenue for 2022 was executed through the Marketplace for J.B. Hunt 360 compared to 1.58 billion in 2021. ICS s carrier base increased 15 when compared to 2021. 

JBT Segment 

JBT segment revenue increased 36 to 1.1 billion in 2022, from 796 million in 2021. Excluding fuel surcharges, revenue for 2022 increased 28 compared to 2021, primarily due to a 12 increase in load volume and a 14 increase in revenue excluding fuel surcharge revenue per load compared to 2021. The 2022 growth in load count was primarily due to the continued expansion of J.B. Hunt 360box which leverages the J.B. Hunt 360 platform to access drop trailer capacity for customers across our transportation network. At the end of 2022, JBT operated 14,718 trailers and 2,718 tractors compared to 11,172 and 2,235 at the end of 2021. 

20

Operating income of our JBT segment increased to 93 million in 2022, from 65 million in 2021. The increase in operating income was driven primarily by increased load counts and revenue per load during the current year, which were partially offset by higher purchased transportation expense, higher equipment-related expenses, increased personnel costs, increased insurance and claims expense, and increased technology spending related to the continued expansion of J.B. Hunt 360box. In addition, JBT incurred 7 million in expense for the segment s portion of the additional casualty claim reserves in 2022. 

FMS Segment 

FMS segment revenue increased 16 to 980 million in 2022 from 842 million in 2021, primarily due to the implementation of multiple new customer contracts and the acquisition of Zenith Freight Lines, LLC (Zenith) in 2022. The increase in revenue was partially offset by the effects of internal efforts to improve revenue quality across certain accounts as well as supply-chain related constraints for goods in the primary markets served by FMS. 

Operating income of our FMS segment increased to 35 million in 2022, from 28 million in 2021. The increase in operating income was primarily due to increased revenues, partially offset by higher personnel salary, wages and benefits expense, higher equipment-related expenses, increased insurance and claims expense, increased driver recruiting costs, increased technology costs, and implementation costs related to new long-term contractual business. In addition, FMS incurred 5 million in expense for the segment s portion of the additional casualty claim reserves in 2022, while 2021 included an aggregated benefit of 9 million from the net settlement of claims and the reduction of a contingent liability. 

2021 Compared With 2020 

Consolidated Operating Revenues 

Our total consolidated operating revenues increased 26.3 to 12.17 billion in 2021, compared to 9.64 billion in 2020. This increase was primarily due to increased ICS and JBT revenue, higher JBI revenue per load, increased average revenue producing trucks and fleet productivity within DCS, and increased FMS stops and revenue per stop. Fuel surcharge revenues increased 65.5 to 1.25 billion in 2021, compared to 757 million in 2020. If fuel surcharge revenues were excluded from both years, our 2021 revenue increased 22.9 over 2020. 

Consolidated Operating Expenses 

Our 2021 consolidated operating expenses increased 24.6 from 2020, while year-over-year revenue increased 26.3 , resulting in a 2021 operating ratio of 91.4 compared to 92.6 in 2020. 

Rents and purchased transportation costs increased 30.2 in 2021, primarily due to increased third-party rail and truck purchased transportation rates in JBI and ICS, increased ICS load volume, and an increase in the use of third-party truck carriers by JBT and FMS during 2021. Salaries, wages and employee benefit costs increased 17.6 in 2021 from 2020. This increase was primarily related to increases in driver pay and office personnel compensation due to a tighter supply of qualified drivers, a trend we anticipate continuing, and an increase in the number of employees as well as an increase in incentive compensation compared to 2020. 

Fuel and fuel taxes expense increased 48.4 in 2021 compared with 2020, due primarily to an increase in the price of fuel during 2021 and increased road miles. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 5.6 in 2021, primarily due to equipment purchases related to new DCS long-term customer contracts, the addition of trailing equipment and scheduled turnover of tractors within JBI, higher trailer counts in JBT, and increased capital investments in information technology. 

Operating supplies and expenses increased 10.5 in 2021 compared with 2020, driven primarily by higher equipment maintenance costs, increased tire expense, increased tolls expense, higher travel and entertainment expense, and higher weather-related towing costs, partially offset by reduced operating supplies and building maintenance costs in response to COVID-19 compared to 2020. Insurance and claims expense increased 22.7 in 2021, primarily due to higher incident volume and severity and increased insurance policy premium expenses, partially offset by a 3.2 million benefit from the net settlement of claims within the FMS segment. General and administrative expenses increased 8.6 from 2020, primarily due to higher advertising costs, increased technology spend, and increased driver hiring expenses, partially offset by a 5.7 million benefit from the reduction of a contingent liability in the FMS segment. Additionally, net losses from sale or disposal of assets were 5.5 million in 2021, compared to net losses of 4.4 million in 2020. 

21

Net interest expense for 2021 decreased by 2.8 compared with 2020, due to lower effective interest rates on our debt. Income tax expense increased 49.4 in 2021, due primarily to increased taxable earnings in 2021. Our effective income tax rate was 23.9 in 2021 and 24.0 in 2020. 

JBI Segment 

JBI segment revenue increased 17 to 5.45 billion in 2021, from 4.68 billion in 2020. This increase in revenue was primarily a result of an 19 increase in revenue per load, which is the combination of changes in freight mix, customer rate changes, cost recovery efforts, and fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by a 2 decrease in load volume. Eastern network load volumes increased 1 and transcontinental loads decreased 3 compared to 2020. Revenue per load excluding fuel surcharges increased 14 compared to 2020. 

Operating income of the JBI segment increased to 603 million in 2021, from 428 million in 2020. Benefits from increased revenue per load were partially offset by network inefficiencies caused by continued rail and customer fluidity challenges, higher rail and third-party dray purchased transportation expense, higher driver wages and recruiting costs, increased non-driver salary, wages, and incentive compensation, and higher equipment costs when compared to 2020. 

DCS Segment 

DCS segment revenue increased 17 to 2.58 billion in 2021, from 2.20 billion in 2020. Productivity, defined as revenue per truck per week, increased 8 compared to 2020. Productivity excluding fuel surcharge revenue increased 5 from 2020. The increase in productivity was primarily a result of contracted indexed-based price escalators and less unassigned idle equipment, partially offset by expected lower productivity within start-up accounts and an increase in open assigned trucks due to the tighter supply of qualified drivers and COVID-related labor disruptions. Customer retention rates remain above 98 . 

Operating income of our DCS segment decreased to 304 million in 2021, from 314 million in 2020. Higher revenues during the current year were more than offset by increases in driver wage and recruiting costs, increased non-driver salary, wages, and incentive compensation, increased casualty insurance and claims costs, higher group medical benefits, and additional costs related to the implementation of new, long-term customer contracts. 

ICS Segment 

ICS segment revenue increased 53 to 2.54 billion in 2021, from 1.66 billion in 2020. Revenue per load increased 46 when compared to 2020, primarily due to higher spot and contractual customer rates within the truckload business and changes in customer freight mix when compared to 2020. Overall volumes increased 5 , with truckload volumes increasing 13 when compared to 2020. Contractual business was 51 of the total load volume and 39 of the total revenue in the 2021, compared to 60 of the total load volume and 43 of the total revenue in 2020. 

ICS segment had operating income of 46 million in 2021, compared to an operating loss of 45 million in 2020. The increase in operating income was primarily due to increased revenue and higher gross profit margins, partially offset by higher personnel incentive compensation, and increased technology costs. Gross profit margin increased to 11.8 in the current year versus 9.9 last year. Approximately 1.58 billion of ICS revenue for 2021 was executed through the Marketplace for J.B. Hunt 360 compared to 1.14 billion in 2020. ICS s carrier base increased 36 when compared to 2020. 

22

JBT Segment 

JBT segment revenue increased 72 to 796 million in 2021, from 463 million in 2020. Excluding fuel surcharges, revenue for 2021 increased 70 compared to 2020, primarily due to a 10 increase in load volume and a 55 increase in revenue excluding fuel surcharge revenue per load compared to 2020. The 2021 growth in load count was primarily due to the continued expansion of J.B. Hunt 360box which leverages the J.B. Hunt 360 platform to access drop trailer capacity for customers across our transportation network. At the end of 2021, JBT operated 11,172 trailers and 2,235 tractors compared to 8,567 and 1,769 at the end of 2020. 

JBT segment had operating income of 65 million in 2021 compared with 17 million in 2020. The increase in operating income was driven primarily by increased load counts and revenue per load during 2021, which were partially offset by increases in purchased transportation expense, higher costs to attract and retain drivers, higher non-driver salary, wages, and incentive compensation, and additional costs from further investments in the trailer network and technology related to the continued expansion of J.B. Hunt 360box. 

FMS Segment 

FMS segment revenue increased 22 to 842 million in 2021 from 689 million in 2020, primarily due to the addition of multiple customer contracts implemented during the current year and 2020 including temporary suspension of operations at several customer sites as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Stop count for 2021 increased 11 , while productivity, defined as revenue per stop, increased 10 compared to 2020. The increase in productivity was primarily due to a shift in the mix of business between asset and asset-light operations and the implementation of higher rates. 

FMS segment had operating income of 28 million in 2021 compared to an operating loss of 1 million in 2020. The increase in operating income was primarily due to increased revenues, a 5.7 million benefit from the reduction of a contingent liability, and a 3.2 million benefit from the net settlement of claims. These items were partially offset by higher implementation costs related to new long-term contractual business, higher third-party contract carrier costs, lower volumes with certain customers related to product availability because of supply chain disruptions, and higher personnel salary, wages, and incentive compensation. 

23

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 1.78 billion in 2022, compared to 1.22 billion in 2021, due to increased earnings and the timing of general working capital activities. 

Net cash used in investing activities totaled 1.55 billion in 2022, compared with 877 million in 2021. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in equipment purchases, net of proceeds from the sale of equipment, and business acquisitions completed in 2022. 

Net cash used in financing activities was 530 million in 2022, compared with 305 million in 2021. This increase resulted primarily from an increase in treasury stock purchased, higher dividends paid, and retirement of long-term debt, partially offset by net proceeds from revolving lines of credit in 2022. 

Our dividend policy is subject to review and revision by the Board of Directors, and payments are dependent upon our financial condition, liquidity, earnings, capital requirements, and other factors the Board of Directors may deem relevant. We paid a 0.27 per share quarterly dividend in 2020, a 0.28 per share quarterly dividend in the first quarter of 2021, a 0.30 per share quarterly dividend in the last three quarters of 2021, and a 0.40 per share quarterly dividend in 2022. On January 19, 2023, we announced an increase in our quarterly cash dividend from 0.40 to 0.42 per share, which was paid February 24, 2023, to stockholders of record on February 10, 2023. We currently intend to continue paying cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, no assurance can be given that future dividends will be paid. 

Liquidity 

Our need for capital has typically resulted from the acquisition of containers and chassis, trucks, tractors and trailers required to support our growth and the replacement of older equipment as well as periodic business acquisitions. We are frequently able to accelerate or postpone a portion of equipment replacements or other capital expenditures depending on market and overall economic conditions. However, we do anticipate that the current challenges related to timely delivery of ordered equipment will continue due to supply chain challenges impacting production. In recent years, we have obtained capital through cash generated from operations, revolving lines of credit and long-term debt issuances. We have also periodically utilized operating leases to acquire revenue equipment. 

We believe our liquid assets, cash generated from operations, and revolving line of credit will provide sufficient funds for our operating and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. In September 2022, we replaced our 750 million senior credit facility dated September 25, 2018, with a new credit facility authorizing us to borrow up to 1.5 billion through a revolving line of credit and committed term loans, which is supported by a credit agreement with a group of banks. The revolving line of credit authorizes us to borrow up to 1.0 billion under a five-year term expiring September 2027, and allows us to request an increase in the revolving line of credit total commitment by up to 300 million and to request two one-year extensions of the maturity date. The committed term loans authorize us to borrow up to an additional 500 million during the nine-month period beginning September 27, 2022, and if funded, will mature in September 2025. The applicable interest rates under this agreement are based on either the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), or a Base Rate, depending upon the specific type of borrowing, plus an applicable margin and other fees. At December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 51.9 million, a 317.5 million outstanding balance on the revolving line of credit at an average interest rate of 5.32 and no outstanding balance of term loans under our senior credit facility. 

We continue to evaluate the possible effects of current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts on operational cash flows, including the risks of declines in the overall freight market and our customers' liquidity and ability to pay. We regularly monitor working capital and maintain frequent communication with our customers, suppliers and service providers. A large portion of our cost structure is variable. Purchased transportation expense represents more than half of our total costs and is heavily tied to load volumes. Our second largest cost item is salaries and wages, the largest portion of which is driver pay, which includes a large variable component. 

24

Our senior notes consist of two separate issuances. The first is 250 million of 3.85 senior notes due March 2024, which was issued in March 2014. Interest payments under these notes are due semiannually in March and September of each year, beginning September 2014. The second is 700 million of 3.875 senior notes due March 2026, issued in March 2019. Interest payments under these notes are due semiannually in March and September of each year, beginning September 2019. We may redeem for cash some or all of the notes based on a redemption price set forth in the note indenture. Our 350 million of 3.30 senior notes matured in August 2022. The entire outstanding balance was paid in full at maturity. 

Our financing arrangements require us to maintain certain covenants and financial ratios. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants and financial ratios. 

We are currently committed to spend a total of approximately 2.37 billion, net of proceeds from sales or trade-ins, during 2023 and 2024, which is primarily related to the acquisition of tractors, containers, chassis, and other trailing equipment. We had no other off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest rate risk can be quantified by measuring the financial impact of a near-term adverse increase in short-term interest rates on variable-rate debt outstanding. Our total long-term debt consists of both fixed and variable interest rate facilities. Our senior notes have fixed interest rates ranging from 3.85 to 3.875 . These fixed-rate facilities reduce the impact of changes to market interest rates on future interest expense. Our revolving line of credit has variable interest rates, which are based on either SOFR or a Base Rate, depending upon the specific type of borrowing, plus an applicable margin and other fees. At December 31, 2022, the average interest rate under our revolving line of credit was 5.32 . Our earnings would be affected by changes in these short-term variable interest rates. At our current level of borrowing, a one-percentage-point increase in our applicable rate would reduce annual pretax earnings by 3.2 million. During 2022, we had an interest rate swap agreement which effectively converted our then outstanding 350 million of 3.30 fixed-rate senior notes due August 2022 to a variable rate. The applicable interest rate under this swap agreement was based on LIBOR plus an established margin. These senior notes matured in August 2022 and the related interest rate swap was terminated. We are not currently utilizing any hedging instruments to manage our interest rate risk. 

Although we conduct business in foreign countries, international operations are not material to our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Additionally, foreign currency transaction gains and losses were not material to our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we are not currently subject to material foreign currency exchange rate risks from the effects that exchange rate movements of foreign currencies would have on our future costs or on future cash flows we would receive from our foreign investment. To date, we have not entered into any foreign currency forward exchange contracts or other derivative financial instruments to hedge the effects of adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

The price and availability of diesel fuel are subject to fluctuations due to changes in the level of global oil production, seasonality, weather, and other market factors. Historically, we have been able to recover a majority of fuel-price increases from our customers in the form of fuel surcharges. We cannot predict the extent to which volatile fluctuations in fuel prices will continue in the future or the extent to which fuel surcharges could be collected to offset fuel-price increases. As of December 31, 2022, we had no derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fuel-price fluctuations. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and reports thereon of our independent registered public accounting firm as specified by this Item are presented following Item 15 of this report and include: 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

25

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

The certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have been filed as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this report. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included herein (following Item 15) and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that also audited our Consolidated Financial Statements. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP s report on internal control over financial reporting is included herein (following Item 15). 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

26

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required for Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 27, 2023. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required for Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 27, 2023. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Except as set forth below, the information required for Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 27, 2023. 

Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2022, information about compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance. 

Plan Category (1) 

Number of 

			 Securities To Be 

			 Issued Upon 

			 Exercise of 

			 Outstanding 

			 Options, Warrants, 

			 and Rights 

Weighted- 

			 average Exercise 

			 Price of 

			 Outstanding 

			 Options, 

			 Warrants, and 

			 Rights 

Number of Securities 

			 Remaining Available for 

			 Future Issuance Under 

			 Equity Compensation 

			 Plans (Excluding 

			 Securities Reflected in 

			 Column (A)) 

(A) 

(B) 

(C) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

1,542,366 

- (2) 

4,233,978 

(1) 

We have no equity compensation plans that are not approved by security holders. 

(2) 

Currently, only restricted share units remain outstanding under our equity compensation plan. Upon vesting, restricted share units are settled with shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis and, accordingly, do not include an exercise price. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required for Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 27, 2023. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required for Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 27, 2023. 

27

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(A) 

Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits: 

(1) 

Financial Statements 

The financial statements included in Item 8 above are filed as part of this annual report. 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 

The above schedule reports allowances related to trade accounts receivable and other receivables. 

All other schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or because the required information is included in our Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) 

Exhibits 

28

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. dated May 19, 1988 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2005, filed April 29, 2005) 

3.2 

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. dated October 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed October 27, 2021) 

3.3 

Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc., dated July 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed July 26, 2022) 

3.4 

Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. dated January 19, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2023) 

4.1 

Description of Capital Stock of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

4.2 

Indenture (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-169365), filed September 14, 2010) 

4.3 

Third Supplemental Indenture (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed March 6, 2014) 

4.4 

Base Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed March 1, 2019) 

4.5 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed March 1, 2019) 

10.1 

Third Amended and Restated Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Appendix A of the Company s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed March 9, 2017) 

10.2 

Amendment to J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed April 22, 2019) 

10.3 

Summary of Compensation Arrangements with Named Executive Officers for 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2022) 

10.4 

Summary of Compensation Arrangements with Named Executive Officers for 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2023) 

10.5 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and related documents (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K, filed October 3, 2022) 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

22.1 

List of Guarantor Subsidiaries of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

23.2 

Consent of Ernst Young LLP 

24.1 

Powers of Attorney of Members of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Board of Directors 

29

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

30

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Lowell, Arkansas, on the 24th day of February 2023. 

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 

/s/ John N. Roberts, III 

John N. Roberts, III 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on the 24th day of February 2023, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

/s/ John N. Roberts, III 

Chief Executive Officer, 

John N. Roberts, III 

Member of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John Kuhlow 

Chief Financial Officer, 

John Kuhlow 

Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Kirk Thompson 

Member of the Board of Directors 

James L. Robo 

(Independent Lead Director) 

Member of the Board of Directors 

Douglas G. Duncan 

Member of the Board of Directors 

Francesca M. Edwardson 

Member of the Board of Directors 

Wayne Garrison 

Member of the Board of Directors 

Sharilyn S. Gasaway 

Member of the Board of Directors 

Gary C. George 

Member of the Board of Directors 

John B. Hill, III 

Member of the Board of Directors 

J. Bryan Hunt, Jr. 

Member of the Board of Directors 

Gale V. King 

By 

/s/ John N. Roberts, III 

John N. Roberts, III 

As Attorney-in-Fact Pursuant to Powers of Attorney filed herewith 

31

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

PAGE 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

33 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 

34 

Report of Prior Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 

36 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

37 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

38 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

39 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

40 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

41 

32

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitation, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on our assessment, our management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that also audited our Consolidated Financial Statements. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP s report on internal control over financial reporting is included herein. 

/s/ John N. Roberts, III 

/s/ John Kuhlow 

John N. Roberts, III 

John Kuhlow 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer, 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

33

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of stockholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15(A)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 

Basis for Opinions 

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

34

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Personal injury and property damage claims accruals 

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is substantially self-insured for loss of and damage to owned and leased revenue equipment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s claims accrual balance for self-insured claims was 427 million, of which a significant portion of claims related to personal injury and property damage. The Company recognizes a liability at the time of the incident based on an analysis of the nature and severity of the claims and analyses provided by third-party claims administrators, as well as legal, economic, and regulatory factors. Management uses an actuarial method to develop current claim information to derive an estimate of the ultimate personal injury and property damage claim liability, which involves the use of expected loss rates, loss-development factors based on historical claims experience, and claim frequencies and severity. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the personal injury and property damage claims accrual is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the claims accrual estimate; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's significant assumptions related to the expected loss rates, loss-development factors based on historical claims experience, and claim frequencies and severity, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s personal injury and property damage claims accrual process, including controls over the development of expected loss rates, loss-development factors based on historical claims experience, and claim frequencies and severity. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the claims accrual estimate; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the actuarial method; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the personal injury and property damage claims accrual estimate; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s significant assumptions related to the expected loss rates, loss-development factors based on historical claims experience, and claim frequencies and severity used in the calculation of the estimate. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating of (i) the appropriateness of the Company s claims accrual process, (ii) the appropriateness of the actuarial method, and (iii) the reasonableness of the expected loss rate, loss-development factors, and claim frequencies and severity used in developing the estimate. 

/s/ 

February 24, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

35

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flows of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (the Company) for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes to the financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of the operations of the Company and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2005 to 2021. 

February 22, 2021 

36

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, at cost: 

Revenue and service equipment 

Land 

Structures and improvements 

Software, office equipment and furniture 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Trade accounts payable 

Claims accruals 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Other accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Other long-term liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value. million shares authorized; none outstanding 

Common stock, .01 par value. billion shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, of which and shares were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock, at cost shares at December 31, 2022, and shares at December 31, 2021) 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

37

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating revenues, excluding fuel surcharge revenues 

Fuel surcharge revenues 

Total operating revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Rents and purchased transportation 

Salaries, wages and employee benefits 

Fuel and fuel taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating supplies and expenses 

Insurance and claims 

General and administrative expenses, net of asset dispositions 

Operating taxes and licenses 

Communication and utilities 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net earnings 

Weighted average basic shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per share 

Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 

Diluted earnings per share 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

38

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Additional 

Common 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Treasury 

Stockholders 

Stock 

Capital 

Earnings 

Stock 

Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2019 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

Cash dividend declared and paid per share) 

Purchase of treasury shares 

Share-based compensation 

Restricted share issuances, net of stock repurchased for payroll taxes and other 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

Cash dividend declared and paid per share) 

Purchase of treasury shares 

Share-based compensation 

Restricted share issuances, net of stock repurchased for payroll taxes and other 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

Cash dividend declared and paid per share) 

Purchase of treasury shares 

Share-based compensation 

Restricted share issuances, net of stock repurchased for payroll taxes and other 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

39

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Noncash lease expense 

Share-based compensation 

(Gain)/loss on sale of revenue equipment and other 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Income taxes receivable or payable 

Other current assets 

Trade accounts payable 

Claims accruals 

Accrued payroll and other accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Additions to property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 

Business acquisition 

Change in other assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on long-term debt 

Proceeds from revolving lines of credit and other 

Payments on revolving lines of credit and other 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Stock repurchased for payroll taxes and other 

Dividends paid 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Noncash investing activities 

Accruals for equipment received 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

40

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, the allowance for uncollectible accounts increased by million and was reduced million by write-offs. During 2021, the allowance for uncollectible accounts increased by million and was reduced million by write-offs. 

to years for tractors, to years for trailing equipment, to years for structures and improvements, to years for computer hardware and software, and to years for furniture and other office equipment. Salvage values are typically to of original cost for tractors and trailing equipment and reflect any agreements with tractor suppliers for residual or trade-in values for certain new equipment. We periodically review these useful lives and salvage values. We capitalize tires placed in service on new revenue equipment as a part of the equipment cost. Replacement tires and costs for recapping tires are expensed at the time the tires are placed in service. Gains and losses on the sale or other disposition of equipment are recognized at the time of the disposition and are classified in general and administrative expenses, net of asset dispositions in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 

Effect of common stock equivalents 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

customers, based on revenue, accounted for approximately , , and of our total revenue. Our top customers, based on revenue, accounted for approximately and of our total trade accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. One customer accounted for approximately , , and of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Each of our five business segments conduct business with this customer. 

per occurrence as well as subject to coverage-layer-specific, aggregated reimbursement limits of covered excess claims for personal injury and property damage. We were fully insured for workers compensation claims for nearly all states. We have policies in place for 2023 with substantially the same terms as our 2022 policies for personal injury, property damage, workers compensation, and cargo loss or damage. 

million and million, respectively, for estimated claims, which are recorded in claims accruals in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. A significant increase in the volume of claims or amount of settlements exceeding our coverage-layer specific, aggregated reimbursement limits could result in significant increase in our estimated liability for claims in future periods. In addition, we record receivables for amounts expected to be reimbursed for payments made in excess of self-insurance levels on covered claims. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have recorded million and million, respectively, of expected reimbursement for covered excess claims, other insurance deposits, and prepaid insurance premiums. Of these total asset balances, million and million have been included in other receivables, with the remaining balance included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to years. 

Senior notes 

Less current portion of long-term debt 

Total long-term debt 

Aggregate maturities of long-term debt subsequent to December 31, 2022, are as follows: million in 2024, million in 2026, and million in 2027. 

Senior Credit Facility 

On September 27, 2022, we replaced our million senior credit facility dated September 25, 2018, with a new credit facility authorizing us to borrow up to billion through a revolving line of credit and committed term loans, which is supported by a credit agreement with a group of banks. The revolving line of credit authorizes us to borrow up to billion under a five -year term expiring September 2027, and allows us to request an increase in the revolving line of credit total commitment by up to million and to request two one -year extensions of the maturity date. The committed term loans authorize us to borrow up to an additional million during the nine-month period beginning September 27, 2022, and if funded, will mature in September 2025. The applicable interest rates under this agreement are based on either the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), or a Base Rate, depending upon the specific type of borrowing, plus an applicable margin and other fees. At December 31, 2022, we had million outstanding on the revolving line of credit, at an average interest rate of , and no outstanding balance of term loans under this agreement. 

Senior Notes 

Our senior notes consist of two separate issuances. The first is million of senior notes due March 2024, which was issued in March 2014. Interest payments under these notes are due semiannually in March and September of each year, beginning September 2014. The second is million of senior notes due March 2026, issued in March 2019. Interest payments under these notes are due semiannually in March and September of each year, beginning September 2019. Both senior notes were issued by J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc., a parent-level holding company with no significant assets or operations. The notes are guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by a wholly-owned subsidiary. All other subsidiaries of the parent are minor. We registered these offerings and the sale of the notes under the Securities Act of 1933, pursuant to shelf registration statements filed in February 2014 and January 2019. Both notes are unsecured obligations and rank equally with our existing and future senior unsecured debt. We may redeem for cash some or all of the notes based on a redemption price set forth in the note indenture. Our million of senior notes matured in August 2022. The entire outstanding balance was paid in full at maturity. 

Our financing arrangements require us to maintain certain covenants and financial ratios. We were in compliance with all covenants and financial ratios at December 31, 2022. 

to per share, which was paid , to stockholders of record on . At December 31, 2022, we had million shares of common stock to be issued upon the vesting of equity awards and million shares reserved for future issuance pursuant to share-based payment plans. During calendar year 2022, we purchased approximately shares, or million, of our common stock in accordance with plans authorized by our Board. At December 31, 2022, we had million available under an authorized plan to purchase our common stock. 

Our restricted share units have various vesting schedules generally ranging from to years when awarded. These restricted share units do not contain rights to vote or receive dividends until the vesting date. Unvested restricted share units are forfeited if the employee terminates for any reason other than death, disability, or special circumstances as determined by the Compensation Committee. Restricted share units are valued based on the fair value of the award on the grant date, adjusted for dividend estimates based on grant date dividend rates. 

Our performance share units vest based on the passage of time (generally to years) and achievement of performance criteria. Performance share units do not contain rights to vote or receive dividends until the vesting date. Unvested performance share units are forfeited if the employee terminates for any reason other than death, disability, or special circumstances as determined by the Compensation Committee. Performance shares are valued based on the fair value of the award on the grant date, adjusted for dividend estimates based on grant date dividend rates. 

An employee is allowed to surrender shares of common stock received upon vesting to satisfy tax withholding obligations incident to the vesting of restricted share units and performance share units. 

We account for our restricted share units and performance share units in accordance with current accounting standards for share-based payments. These standards require that the cost of all share-based payments to employees be recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements based on the grant date fair value of those awards. This cost is recognized over the period for which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, subject to the attainment of performance metrics established for performance share units. The quantity of performance share units for which it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved is estimated each reporting period, with any necessary adjustments recorded as a cumulative cost adjustment in the current period. Share-based compensation expense is recorded in salaries, wages, and employee benefits in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings, along with other compensation expenses to employees. The following table summarizes the components of our share-based compensation program expense (in thousands): 

Tax benefit 

Restricted share units, net of tax 

Performance share units 

Pretax compensation expense 

Tax benefit 

Performance share awards, net of tax 

A summary of our restricted share units and performance share units is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, we had million and million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted share units and performance share units, respectively, that is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of approximately years for restricted share units and years for performance share units. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of restricted and performance share units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested restricted and performance share units was million at December 31, 2022. The total fair value of shares vested for restricted share and performance share units during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. 

State and local 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Total tax expense/(benefit) 

Income tax expense attributable to earnings before income taxes differed from the amounts computed using the statutory federal income tax rate of as follows (in thousands): 

State tax, net of federal effect 

Benefit of stock compensation 

199/R D credit 

Nondeductible meals and entertainment 

Change in effective state tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Other, net 

Total tax expense 

Income taxes receivable was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts have been included in other receivables in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are presented below (in thousands): 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Compensation accrual 

CARES Act payroll tax deferral 

Deferred compensation accrual 

Federal benefit of state uncertain tax positions 

Lease liabilities 

State NOL carry-forward 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Plant and equipment, principally due to differences in depreciation 

Prepaid permits and insurance, principally due to expensing for income tax purposes 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

Guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes recognition and measurement criteria and requires that we assess whether the benefits of our tax positions taken are more likely than not of being sustained under tax audits. We have made adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits, a component of other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as follows (in millions): 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions/(reductions) based on tax positions taken in prior years 

Reductions due to settlements 

Reductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations 

Ending balance 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a total of million and million, respectively, in gross unrecognized tax benefits. Of these amounts, million and million represent the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest and penalties related to income taxes are classified as interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The amount of accrued interest and penalties recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. Future changes to unrecognized tax benefits will be recognized as income tax expense and interest expense, as appropriate. The total amount of accrued interest and penalties for such unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. No material change in unrecognized tax benefits is expected in the next 12 months. 

Tax years 2019 and forward remain subject to examination by federal tax jurisdictions, while tax years 2012 and forward remain open for state jurisdictions. 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

We have a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that allows eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation. The compensation deferred under this plan is credited with earnings or losses on investments elected by plan participants. Each participant is fully vested in all deferred compensation and earnings; however, these amounts are subject to general creditor claims until actually distributed to the employee. A participant may elect to receive deferred amounts in one payment or in quarterly installments payable over a period of 2 to 25 years upon reaching age 55, having 15 years of service, or becoming disabled. Our total liability under this plan was million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. These amounts are included in other long-term liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Participant withholdings are held by a trustee and invested in equity securities as directed by participants. These investments are classified as trading securities and recorded at fair value. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized currently in earnings. The investments are included in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. 

1 

Interest rate swap 

2 

Senior notes, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs 

2 

The fair value of trading investments has been measured using the market approach (Level 1) and reflect quoted market prices. The fair values of interest rate swap and corresponding senior notes were measured using the income approach (Level 2), which included relevant interest rate curve inputs. Trading investments are classified in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The interest rate swap and senior notes were classified in our Consolidated Balance Sheet in prepaid expenses and other and current portion of long-term debt at December 31, 2021. The senior notes matured in August, 2022 and the related interest rate swap terminated. 

Financial Instruments 

The carrying amount of our senior credit facility and remaining senior notes not measured at fair value on a recurring basis was billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated fair value of these liabilities using the income approach (Level 2), based on their net present value, discounted at our current borrowing rate, was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The carrying amounts of all other instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximate their fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 

billion, net of proceeds from sales or trade-ins during 2023 and 2024, which is primarily related to the acquisition of tractors, containers, chassis, and other trailing equipment. 

During 2022, we issued financial standby letters of credit as a guaranty of our performance under certain operating agreements and self-insurance arrangements. If we default on our commitments under the agreements or other arrangements, we are required to perform under these guaranties. The undiscounted maximum amount of our obligation to make future payments in the event of defaults is approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 

As the result of state use tax audits, we have been assessed amounts owed from which we are vigorously appealing. We have recorded a liability for the estimated probable exposure under these audits and await resolution of the matter. 

We purchase insurance coverage for a portion of expenses related to vehicular collisions and accidents. These policies include a level of self-insurance (deductible) coverage applicable to each claim as well as certain coverage-layer-specific, aggregated reimbursement limits of covered excess claims. Our claims from time to time exceed some of these existing coverage layer aggregate reimbursement limits. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million in liabilities to reflect our estimate of exposure for excess claims which have developed in maturity and severity. 

We are involved in certain other claims and pending litigation arising from the normal conduct of business. Based on present knowledge of the facts and, in certain cases, opinions of outside counsel, we believe the resolution of these claims and pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

Lease liabilities, current 

Lease liabilities, long-term 

Right-of-use assets are classified in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Operating lease liability, current is classified in other accrued expenses, while operating lease liability, long-term is classified in other long-term liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average remaining lease term for our outstanding operating lease obligations was years and years, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average discount rate was and , respectively. Future minimum lease payments under these operating leases as of December 31, 2022, are as follows (in millions): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million, million, and million, while million, million, and million of operating lease expense was recognized on a straight-line basis, respectively. Operating lease expense is recorded in general and administrative expenses, net of asset dispositions in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, a total of million, million, and million of right-of-use assets were obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities, of which, million and million was obtained through business combinations in 2022 and 2020, respectively. 

million. Total consideration paid in cash under the Zenith agreement was million and consisted of the agreed upon purchase price adjusted for estimated working capital adjustments. Transaction costs incurred were not material. The Zenith acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and will operate within our FMS business segment. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at their estimated fair values, as of the closing date, using cost, market data and valuation techniques that reflect management s judgment and estimates. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded approximately million of definite-lived intangible assets and approximately million of goodwill. Goodwill consists of acquiring and retaining the Zenith existing network and expected synergies from the combination of operations. The following table outlines the consideration transferred and final purchase price allocation at their respective estimated fair values as of February 28, 2022 (in millions): 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Intangibles 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Goodwill 

On September 14, 2022, we entered into purchase agreements to acquire substantially all of the assets and assume certain specified liabilities of Alterri Distribution Center, LLC and to acquire all the real property and other assets of related entities (Alterri), subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the transaction was effective on September 14, 2022, with a purchase price and total consideration paid in cash of million. Total consideration paid in cash under the Alterri agreement was million and consisted of the agreed upon purchase price adjusted for estimated working capital adjustments. Transaction costs incurred were not material. The Alterri acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and will operate within our JBI business segment. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at their estimated fair values, as of the closing date, using cost, market data and valuation techniques that reflect management s judgment and estimates. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded approximately million of definite-lived intangible assets and approximately million of goodwill. Goodwill consists of acquiring and retaining Alterri s existing operating model and strategic geographic location as well as expected synergies from the combination of operations. The following table outlines the consideration transferred and final purchase price allocation at their respective estimated fair values as of September 14, 2022 (in millions): 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use assets 

Intangibles 

Lease liabilities 

Goodwill 

million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. At December 31, 2022, million and million of our goodwill was assigned to our FMS and JBI business segments, respectively. No impairment losses have been recorded for goodwill as of December 31, 2022. Prior to the Zenith and Alterri acquisitions, our intangible assets consisted of those arising from previous business acquisitions within our FMS segment. Identifiable intangible assets consist of the following (in millions): 

Non-competition agreements 

Trade names 

Total finite-lived intangibles 

Less accumulated amortization 

Total identifiable intangible assets, net 

Our finite-lived intangible assets have assigned residual values. 

During the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, intangible asset amortization expense was million, million and million, respectively. Estimated amortization expense for our finite-lived intangible assets is expected to be approximately million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, and million for 2027. Actual amounts of amortization expense may differ from estimated amounts due to additional intangible asset acquisitions, impairment or accelerated amortization of intangible assets, and other events. 

DCS 

ICS 

JBT 

FMS 

Other (includes corporate) 

Total 

DCS 

ICS 

JBT 

FMS 

Total segment revenues 

Intersegment eliminations 

Total 

DCS 

ICS 

JBT 

FMS 

Total 

DCS 

ICS 

JBT 

FMS 

Other 

Total 

55

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex_478219.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following is a description of the capital stock of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (the Company and certain provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Articles of Incorporation ), Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended Bylaws ), and certain provisions of applicable law. The following is only a summary and is qualified by applicable law and by the provisions of the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, copies of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

General 

Under our Articles of Incorporation, we have authority to issue up to 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 100.00 per share. Each share of our common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects to, each other share of our common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, 103,743,382 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding, and 4,233,978 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant our Management Incentive Plan. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The outstanding shares of our common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

As of December 31, 2022, no shares of our preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Voting Rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 

Dividend Rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Holders of any series of preferred stock we may issue in the future may have a priority over holders of common stock with respect to dividends. 

Liquidation and Dissolution. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably all of the assets of the Company available for distribution after satisfaction of all liabilities of the Company, subject to the rights of the holders of any of the Company s preferred stock that may be issued from time to time. 

Other Rights. Holders of our common stock have no preferential or preemptive rights with respect to any securities of the Company, and there are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 

Modification of Rights. Our board of directors acting by a majority vote of the members present, without stockholder approval, may amend our Bylaws and may issue shares of our preferred stock under terms as described below under Preferred Stock. Rights of the holders of our common stock may not otherwise be modified by less than a majority vote of the common stock outstanding. Additionally, under the Arkansas Business Corporation Act of 1987, a majority vote is required for the approval of a merger or consolidation with another corporation, and for the sale of all or substantially all of our assets and liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

Transfer Agent. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 

Preferred Stock 

Voting Rights. Holders of our preferred stock are not entitled to vote, except as required by statute. 

Dividend Rights. Holders of our preferred stock are entitled to dividends when and as declared by our board of directors out of the surplus or net profits of the Company at the rate of 10 annually, before any dividends on our common stock may be paid or declared and set apart for payment. 

Redemption. The board of directors of the Company may redeem our preferred stock at any time, upon at least 30 days notice by mail to the holders of such preferred stock, by paying 100.00 in cash for each share of preferred stock to be redeemed. In the event of a partial redemption, the board of directors may determine the terms and conditions of any redemption and the shares to be redeemed. 

Liquidation and Dissolution. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive the sum of 100.00 per share. 

Other Rights. Holders of our preferred stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any securities of the Company, and there are no conversion rights or sinking fund provisions applicable to our preferred stock. 

Provisions That May Discourage Takeovers 

Arkansas law and our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and corporate governance policies contain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging transactions involving an actual or threatened change of control. These provisions could protect the continuity of our directors and management and possibly deprive stockholders of an opportunity to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than the prevailing market prices. The following description is subject in its entirety to applicable Arkansas law and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 

Availability of Authorized but Unissued Shares. All of our preferred stock and a substantial amount of our common stock are authorized but unissued and not reserved for any particular purpose. Our board of directors may issue shares of authorized common or preferred stock without stockholder approval. If our board of directors decides to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, this could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Authorized but unissued shares also could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of the Company, including dilution through a stockholder rights plan of the type commonly known as a poison pill, which the board of directors could adopt without a stockholder vote. 

Issuance of Preferred Stock. In addition, our common stockholders could amend our Articles of Incorporation to allow our board of directors to issue preferred shares having voting rights that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or impeding a change in control of the Company. 

Classification of the Board of Directors. As permitted by Arkansas law, our Articles of Incorporation provide that, if we have nine or more directors, our board of directors may at any time elect to classify our board of directors into two or three classes, with each class serving a staggered two-year or three-year term, as the case may be. Our board of directors currently consists of eleven directors. Our Bylaws provide that all directors shall be elected to one-year terms, expiring at the next annual meeting of our stockholders. However, as long as we have nine or more directors, our board of directors could at any time amend our Bylaws to classify our board of directors with staggered terms without any action on the part of our stockholders. A classified board with staggered terms could make it more difficult for a stockholder or group of stockholders to assume control of the board of directors by replacing a majority of the board of directors with their own candidates. 

No Cumulative Voting. Under Arkansas law, stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights for the election of directors unless the Articles of Incorporation so provide. Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting. 

Limitations on Nomination of Directors. Under our corporate governance policy regarding director recommendations by stockholders, in order for a stockholder or group of stockholders to recommend a candidate for director to be nominated by our board of directors, such recommendation must be submitted to us not less than 120 days before the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting. The stockholder or group of stockholders submitting the recommendation must have beneficially owned at least two percent of our outstanding common stock for at least one year and must provide certain information as specified in the policy, including the name and address of the recommending stockholder; the number of shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the recommending stockholder and the dates such shares were purchased; proof of beneficial ownership of such shares if the recommending stockholder is not the registered holder of such shares; the name, age and address of the candidate; his or her occupation for the past five years; a description of the candidate s qualifications to serve as a director and why the candidate does or does not qualify as independent under the NASDAQ corporate governance listing standards; the number of shares held by the candidate, if any; and a description of the arrangements or understandings between the recommending stockholder and the candidate, if any, or any other person pursuant to which the recommending stockholder is making the recommendation. 

In order for a stockholder to nominate a director candidate for election at our annual meeting, our Bylaws provide that the stockholder must give written notice to our Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices, and such notice must be received by the Secretary not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, in advance of the anniversary of the previous year s annual meeting if such meeting is held on a day not more than 30 days before and not later than 60 days after the anniversary of the previous year s annual meeting. With respect to any other annual meeting of stockholders, including in the event that we did not hold an annual meeting the previous year, the stockholder s notice is timely only if it is delivered to the Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the annual meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the annual meeting and the 10th day after the Company publicly announces the date of the current year s annual meeting. To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary, including a notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, must comply with all requirements contained in our Bylaws, a copy of which may be obtained upon written request to the Secretary. 

Limitation on Calling Special Meetings of Shareholders. Arkansas law allows the board of directors or persons authorized in our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws to call special meetings of stockholders. Our Bylaws provide that a special meeting may be called by our board of directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Secretary or by the holders of not less than one-third of all the shares of stock entitled to vote at the proposed special meeting. Under Arkansas law, business to be transacted at a special meeting is limited to the purpose or purposes described in the notice of the meeting. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex_478220.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

(A) 
			 J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc., a Georgia corporation 

(B) 
			 L.A., Inc., an Arkansas corporation 

(C) 
			 J.B. Hunt Corp., a Delaware corporation 

(D) 
			 J.B. Hunt Logistics, Inc., an Arkansas corporation 

(E) 
			 Hunt Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation 

(F) 
			 FIS, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

(G) 
			 J.B. Hunt Mexico, S.C., a Mexican partnership 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 4
 ex_478221.htm
 EXHIBIT 22.1

Exhibit 22.1 

GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES OF J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. 

The following subsidiary of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. is guarantor with respect to our senior notes: 

J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc., a Georgia corporation 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex_478222.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-126325 and 333-103748) of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Fayetteville, Arkansas 

 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 ex_478223.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) 

Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-126325) pertaining to the J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Amended and Restated Management Incentive Plan and 

(2) 

Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-103748) pertaining to the J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Retirement Plan; 

of our report dated February 22, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Rogers, Arkansas 

 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-24.1>
 7
 ex_478224.htm
 EXHIBIT 24.1

Exhibit 24.1 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ Kirk Thompson 

Kirk Thompson 

Date: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ James L. Robo 

James L. Robo 

Date: January 12, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ Douglas G. Duncan 

Douglas G. Duncan 

Date: January 6, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ Francesca M. Edwardson 

Francesca M. Edwardson 

Date: January 16, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ Wayne Garrison 

Wayne Garrison 

Date: January 6, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ Sharilyn S. Gasaway 

Sharilyn S. Gasaway 

Date: January 11, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ Gary C. George 

Gary C. George 

Date: January 6, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ John B. Hill, III 

John B. Hill, III 

Date: January 6, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ J. Bryan Hunt, Jr 

J. Bryan Hunt, Jr 

Date: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned Director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Kirk Thompson and John Roberts, and each of them severally, his or her lawful attorneys and agents, for him or her and in his or her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable said Corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the calendar year foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all exhibits and amendments thereto and any and all documents in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his or her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

/s/ Gale V. King 

Gale V. King 

Date: January 27, 2023 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex_478225.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

 I, John N. Roberts, III, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ John N. Roberts, III 

John N. Roberts, III 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex_478226.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

 I, John Kuhlow, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ John Kuhlow 

John Kuhlow 

Chief Financial Officer, 

Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex_478227.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXCECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, each hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ John N. Roberts, III 

John N. Roberts, III 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ John Kuhlow 

John Kuhlow 

Chief Financial Officer, 

Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 jbht-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 jbht-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 jbht-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 jbht-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 jbht-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

