<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1710155_0001710155-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15100083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>430743</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2779308</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5074246</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3492670</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3076570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001710155-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301061351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001710155-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			National Vision Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001710155
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPHTHALMIC GOODS [3851]
		IRS NUMBER:				464841717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38257
		FILM NUMBER:		23689590

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2435 COMMERCE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BLDG. 2200
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30096-4980
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(770) 822-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2435 COMMERCE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BLDG. 2200
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30096-4980

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001710155-23-000011.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 eye-20221231.htm
 10-K

eye-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission file number 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the excluded transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing 
 reflect correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by 
 any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of July 2, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion (based upon the closing sale price of the common stock on last trading date of the quarter on the Nasdaq). 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date 
 Class Outstanding at February 24, 2023 Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

NATIONAL VISION HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Table of Contents 
 Page 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 
 RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 4 
 PART I 
 6 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 PART II 
 45 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 47 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 69 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 70 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 112 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 112 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 114 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 114 
 PART III 
 114 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 114 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 115 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 115 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 115 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 115 
 PART IV 
 116 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 119 
 Signatures 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. All statements, other than statements of historical facts included in this Form 10-K, including statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, beliefs, business strategies, future events, business conditions, results of operations, financial position, business outlook, business trends and other information, may be forward-looking statements. 
 Words such as believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, intends, plans, estimates, or anticipates, and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, or guarantees of future performance and are based upon our current expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections, and various assumptions, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Our expectations, beliefs, and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management s expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. 
 There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described below in the Risk Factors Summary, in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and those described from time to time in our future reports to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 We caution you that the risks, uncertainties and other factors referenced above may not contain all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results, benefits or developments that we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our business in the way expected. There can be no assurance that (i) we have correctly measured or identified all of the factors affecting our business or the extent of these factors likely impact, (ii) the available information with respect to these factors on which such analysis is based is complete or accurate, (iii) such analysis is correct or (iv) our strategy, which is based in part on this analysis, will be successful. All forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K, apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K or as of the date they were made and, except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts, have had, and may in the future continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Market volatility, an overall decline in the health of the economy and other factors impacting consumer spending, including inflation, recessionary conditions, the timing and issuance of tax refunds, governmental instability and natural disasters, may affect consumer purchases, which could reduce demand for our products and materially harm our sales, profitability and financial condition. 
 Failure to recruit and retain vision care professionals could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The optical retail industry is highly competitive, and if we do not compete successfully, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 If we fail to open and operate new stores in a timely and cost-effective manner or fail to successfully enter new markets, our financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If the performance of our Host and Legacy brands declines or we are unable to maintain or extend our operating relationships with our Host and Legacy partners, our business, profitability and cash flows may be adversely affected and we may be required to incur impairment charges. 
 We require significant capital to fund our expanding business. 
 We are a low-cost provider and our business model relies on the low-cost of inputs. Factors such as wage rate increases, inflation, cost increases, increases in raw material prices and energy prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our growth strategy could strain our existing resources and cause the performance of our existing stores to suffer. 
 Our success depends upon our marketing, advertising and promotional efforts. If we are unable to implement them successfully or efficiently, or if our competitors are more effective than we are, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to risks associated with leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs. 
 Certain technological advances , greater availability of, or increased consumer preferences for, vision correction alternatives to prescription eyeglasses or contact lenses, and future drug development for the correction of vision-related problems may reduce the demand for our products and adversely impact our business and profitability. 
 If we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our profitability and cash flows may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances and inventory shrinkage. 
 Our operating results and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal basis. 
 Our e-commerce and omni-channel business faces distinct risks, and our failure to successfully manage it could have a negative impact on our profitability. 
 We depend on our distribution centers, optical laboratories, and vendors on a limited number of suppliers. The loss of, or disruption in the operations of, one or more of these facilities may adversely affect our ability to process and fulfill customer orders and deliver our products in a timely manner, or at all, and may result in quality issues, which would adversely affect our reputation, our business and our profitability. 
 We may incur losses arising from our investments in technological innovators in the optical retail industry, which would negatively affect our financial results. 
 Environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, including those related to climate change, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changing climate and weather patterns leading to severe weather and disasters may cause significant business interruptions and expenditures. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 Future operational success depends on our ability to develop, maintain and extend relationships with managed vision care companies, vision insurance providers and other third-party payors. 
 We rely heavily on our information technology systems, as well as those of our vendors, for our business to effectively operate and to safeguard confidential information; any significant failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operations. 
 We rely on third-party coverage and reimbursement, including government programs, for an increasing portion of our revenues, the future reduction of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 We are subject to extensive state, local and federal laws, including those applicable to vision care , healt hcare, priva cy, d ata security and accounting , and failure to adhere to such laws and regulations would adversely affect our business. 
 We could be adversely affected by product liability, product recall or personal injury issues. 
 Adverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to our business operations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our business and financial position, including limiting our business flexibility and preventing us from meeting our debt obligations. 
 A change in interest rates or replacement of LIBOR and other benchmark rates, or uncertainty related to the potential for any of the foregoing, may adversely affect our business. 
 Our credit agreement contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 Conversion of the 2025 Notes could dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 Maintaining the requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
 Ineffective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price, and could result in our financial statements becoming unreliable. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 National Vision Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to here as we, our, us, the Company, or National Vision. National Vision Holdings, Inc. conducts substantially all of its activities through its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, National Vision, Inc. NVI ), and NVI s subsidiaries. 
 Our website is www.nationalvision.com . Investors can obtain copies free of charge of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. You may access these documents on the Investors section of our website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at the following address: http:// www.sec.gov. 
 We also make available free of charge on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct and the charters of our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The information posted to our website is not incorporated into this Form 10-K or any other report we file with the SEC. 
 
 General 
 We are one of the largest optical retailers in the United States and a leader in the attractive value segment of the U.S. optical retail industry. We believe that vision is central to quality of life and that people deserve to see their best to live their best, regardless of their budget. Our mission is to make quality eye care and eyewear affordable and accessible to all Americans. We achieve this by providing eye exams, eyeglasses and contact lenses to value seeking and lower income consumers. We deliver exceptional value and convenience to our customers, with an opening price point that strives to be among the lowest in the industry, enabled by our low-cost operating platform. We reach our customers through a diverse portfolio of 1,354 retail stores across five brands and 16 consumer websites as of December 31, 2022, our 2022 fiscal year end. 
 Our Corporate History 
 Through its predecessors, NVI commenced operations in 1990. In 2005, private equity funds managed by Berkshire Partners LLC Berkshire acquired both NVI and Consolidated Vision Group, Inc., which operated America s Best Contacts and Eyeglasses America s Best stores, and merged these entities, with NVI surviving. In 2009, NVI acquired the Eyeglass World store chain. In 2011, after a multi-year partnership, NVI acquired Arlington Contact Lens Service, Inc. AC Lens to bolster its e-commerce platform. 
 In March 2014, NVI was acquired (the KKR Acquisition by affiliates of KKR Co. Inc. KKR ). National Vision Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on February 14, 2014 under the name Nautilus Parent, Inc. and NVI became our wholly-owned subsidiary in connection with the KKR Acquisition. In 2017, we changed our name to National Vision Holdings, Inc. In October 2017, we completed the initial public offering of our common stock (the IPO ). National Vision was controlled by affiliates of KKR and private equity funds managed by Berkshire until July 30, 2018 and by August 2019, these private equity funds had sold their remaining holdings of our common stock. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Business Model 
 Our history of profitable growth is founded on a commitment to providing exceptional value and convenience to customers, enabled by our low-cost operating platform. Our disciplined approach to new store openings, combined with our attractive store economics, has led to strong returns on investment. The following chart depicts our new store growth: 
 
 Note: Represents stores in operations across all five company retail brands at the end of each fiscal year. 
 The fundamentals of our model are described below: 
 Differentiated and Defensible Value Proposition . We believe our success is driven by our low prices, convenient locations, broad assortment of branded and private label merchandise and the high levels of in-store service provided by our well-trained and passionate store associates and vision care professionals. We believe our bundled offers, including two pairs of eyeglasses plus an eye exam for 79.95 at America s Best and two-pairs of eyeglasses for 89 at Eyeglass World, are among the lowest price offerings of any national chain. Our ability to utilize national advertising for America s Best allows us to communicate this value proposition to a meaningfully greater number of current and potential customers. We believe that our value proposition will continue to drive comparable store sales growth as we attract new customers and increase loyalty with existing customers. 
 Recurring Revenue Characteristics . Eye care purchases are predominantly a medical necessity and are therefore considered non-discretionary in nature. We estimate that optical consumers typically replace their eyeglasses every two to three years, while contact lens customers typically order new lenses every six to twelve months, reflecting the predictability of these recurring purchase behaviors. This is further demonstrated by the customer mix of our mature stores, with existing customers representing 65 of total customers in 2022 and new customers representing the remaining 35 of total customers in 2022. 
 Attractive Store Economics . Since 2006, we have opened 930 stores in the aggregate, including 900 stores under our America s Best and Eyeglass World retail brands. Our store economics are based on low capital investment, steady ramping of sales in new locations, low operating costs and consistent sales volume and earnings growth in mature stores, which result in attractive returns on capital. By consistently replicating the key characteristics of our store model, we execute a formula-based approach to opening new stores and managing existing stores, which has delivered predictable store performance across vintages, diverse geographies and new and existing markets. Our new store model targets a store size between 3,500 to 4,500 square feet and an average new store cash investment of approximately 0.4 million to 0.6 million, in furniture, fixtures, leaseholds and equipment for new stores, net of tenant incentives. Our new store model targets sales in the fifth year of operation in the range of 1.5 million to 1.7 million, with at least 55 of year five sales targeted in the first full year of operation. Our new store model targets vary for America s Best and Eyeglass World stores to reflect differences by brand, markets and geography. The majority of our owned stores have achieved profitability during the second year of operation and have paid back invested capital in three to five years. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Grow Our Store Base. We believe that we continue to have significant expansion opportunities in the United States. We have adopted a disciplined expansion strategy designed to leverage the strengths of our compelling and distinct value proposition and recognized America s Best and Eyeglass World brand names to develop new stores successfully in an array of markets that are primed for growth, including new, existing, small and large markets. We have an established partnership with a third party real estate data analytics firm to evaluate potential new America s Best and Eyeglass World stores. The analysis suggests that we can grow America s Best to at least 1,300 stores and Eyeglass World to at least 850 stores, inclusive of those already open. We believe that these two brands can accordingly grow from 1,041 stores as of December 31, 2022 to a total of at least 2,150 stores in the long-term. 
 
 Our Business 
 We have two reportable segments: our Owned Host segment and our Legacy segment. Our Owned Host segment includes our two owned brands, America s Best and Eyeglass World, and our Vista Optical locations in select Fred Meyer stores. Within this segment, we also provide low-cost vision care products and services to American military service members by operating Vista Optical locations on select military bases across the country. Our Legacy segment consists of our long-term strategic relationship with Walmart to operate Vision Centers in select Walmart stores. In addition, our wholly-owned subsidiary, FirstSight Vision Services, Inc. FirstSight ), which is licensed as a single-service health plan under California law, issues individual vision plans in connection with our America s Best operations in California and arranges for the provision of optometric services at optometric offices next to certain Walmart stores throughout California. We support our owned brands and our Vista Optical military operations through our omni-channel offerings and we also have an established standalone e-commerce business. Our e-commerce platform, which is managed by our wholly-owned subsidiary AC Lens, serves our proprietary e-commerce websites and the e-commerce websites of third parties, including Walmart, Sam s Club and Giant Eagle. AC Lens handles site management, customer relationship management and order fulfillment and also sells a wide variety of contact lenses, eyeglasses and eye care accessories. 
 The following table provides an overview of our portfolio of brands: 
 Overview of Our Brands and Omni-channel E-commerce Platform 
 Owned Host Brands Legacy 

Lowest Price Eyewear Value Superstore Shop-Within-A-Shop Commissary Store Shop-Within-A-Shop Employed ODs Mostly Independent ODs Mostly Independent ODs Mostly Independent ODs Mostly Independent ODs 905 Stores 136 Stores 29 Stores 54 Stores 230 Stores ~3,500 sq. ft. ~4,500 sq. ft. ~800 sq. ft. ~1,000 sq. ft. ~1,800 sq. ft. ~1,400 SKUs ~1,400 SKUs ~600 SKUs ~800 SKUs ~800 SKUs Centralized Lab Lab in Store / Centralized Lab Centralized Lab Centralized Lab Centralized Lab OMNI-CHANNEL E-COMMERCE Sister Sites (4) Proprietary Sites (5) Partner Sites (7) 

Note: Store count as of December 31, 2022. SKU figures refer to eyeglass frame SKUs. ODs are Doctors of Optometry. 
 
 All of our brands leverage our highly-efficient centralized laboratory network and distribution system, which helps us minimize production and distribution costs. As one of the largest purchasers of eyeglass frames, spectacle lenses and contact lenses in the United States, we also benefit from centralized procurement efforts and purchasing economies of scale. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our America s Best Brand. America s Best strives to be the value leader in virtually every market in which it operates. Its signature offer of two pairs of eyeglasses for 79.95, including a free eye exam , is typically priced significantly lower than the competition and provides customers with a wide selection of frame choices at this entry point. In America s Best stores, vision care services are provided by optometrists employed either by us or by independent professional corporations or similar entities. This model facilitates the brand s bundled offer and its Eyecare Club programs, which offer two free eye exams per year for the duration of the membership plus a discount on contact lenses and eyeglasses. By leveraging our efficient centralized laboratory network, America s Best stores are able to minimize processing costs and drive significant economies of scale. These stores typically stock eyeglass frame imports from low-cost overseas manufacturers, higher-margin private label brands and discounted well-known frame brands. America s Best stores are primarily located in high-traffic strip centers next to other value-focused retailers. 
 Our Eyeglass World Brand. Eyeglass World also offers a value price point for customers, with an opening offer of two pairs of eyeglasses for 89. This brand is positioned as an eyeglass superstore with a broad selection of designer brands and price points, and offers a highly personalized level of service. We source eyeglass frames for our Eyeglass World stores from leading designer brands, private label manufacturers and low-cost overseas manufacturers. Eyeglass World locations offer eye exams, primarily from independent optometrists and optometrists employed by independent professional corporations or similar entities, and have on-site laboratories that enable stores to quickly fulfill customer orders and make repairs. Lens orders that are not completed in store are completed by our centralized laboratory network. These stores are primarily located in freestanding or in-line locations near high-foot-traffic shopping centers. 
 Our Partner Brands. We have three partner brands consisting of 230 Vision Centers in Walmart stores across the country, 54 Vista Optical locations on military bases and 29 Vista Optical locations within Fred Meyer stores as of December 31, 2022. Pursuant to a January 2020 amendment to our management services agreement with Walmart, we added five additional Vision Centers in Walmart stores in fiscal year 2020. The current term of the management services agreement between NVI and Walmart ends on February 23, 2024, and will automatically renew for a three-year period unless, no later than July 2023, either party gives written notice of non-renewal . We have strong, long-standing relationships with these partners. Our strategic relationship with Walmart is in its 33rd year and our partnerships with Fred Meyer and the U.S. military have been maintained for over 20 years. Our partner brands all compete within the value segment of the U.S. optical retail industry. These brands combine a broad selection of products and attentive customer service with the convenience of one-stop shopping. These brands also utilize our centralized laboratories and provide eye exams principally by independent optometrists in nearly all locations. 
 Our Omni-Channel and E-Commerce Platforms. We offer our customers an engaging digital shopping experience through an established platform of four omni-channel store websites, and 12 dedicated e-commerce consumer websites. Our omni-channel store websites augment our America s Best, Eyeglass World, Vision Center and Vista Optical in military brands and provide a customer experience that extends across our in-store, mobile and e-commerce channels. We offer a range of services to customers, including eyeglass purchasing, online scheduling and appointment reminders, contact lens purchasing, buy-in-store and ship-to-home capabilities and online frame browsing, among others. Our omni-channel offerings work in concert with these brands to enhance the overall quality of the customer experience. 
 Our dedicated e-commerce websites are managed by our subsidiary, AC Lens. AC Lens operates five proprietary branded websites including, among others, aclens.com and discountcontacts.com. In addition, AC Lens operates and provides support services for seven third-party websites owned by other companies, including Walmart, Sam s Club and Giant Eagle. AC Lens handles site management, customer relationship management and order fulfillment and also sells a wide variety of contact lenses, eyeglasses and eye care accessories. In the aggregate, sales from our omni-channel and e-commerce platforms, which includes buy-in-store and ship-to-home transactions, represented approximately 11.2 and 10.5 of our 2022 and 2021 fiscal year net revenue, respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our Industry 1 
 We operate in the U.S. optical retail industry, which is defined by The Vision Council to include the sale of exams, frames, lenses, contact lenses, plano sunglasses, and readers. We believe the industry s continued growth and its resilience to economic cycles is due in large part to the medical, non-discretionary and recurring nature of eye care purchases. 
 
 The majority of eyewear purchases are driven by need, with two primary drivers of demand: (i) diminishing eyesight with increasing age, causing new customers to buy corrective eyewear and (ii) a steady and consistent replacement cycle, as customers replace or purchase new eyewear for a variety of reasons, including changes in prescriptions, fashion trends and necessity (e.g., lost or broken eyewear). 
 The need for eyesight correction is diagnosed through eye tests and eye exams. 
 We anticipate that there are four key secular growth trends that will continue to contribute to the stability and growth of the U.S. optical retail industry: 
 Aging Population . According to The Vision Council, over 80 of adults in the United States use some form of vision correction, and there is a significant increase in the use of vision correction above age 45, with further increases for above age 55. As the U.S. population ages and life expectancy increases, the pool of potential customers and opportunities for repeat purchases in the optical retail industry are anticipated to rise. Given that eyesight deteriorates progressively with age, aging of the U.S. population should result in incremental sales of eyewear and related accessories. 
 Consistent Replacement Cycle . The repetitive and predictable nature of customer behavior results in a significant volume of recurring revenue for the optical retail industry. The purchasing cycle of vision correction devices is closely tied to the frequency with which consumers obtain eye exams. Most optometrists recommend annual eye exams as a preventive measure against serious eye conditions and to help patients identify changes in their vision correction needs. According to the Vision Council, over 175 million eye exams were performed in the United States during 2022; further, we estimate that optical consumers typically replace their eyeglasses every two to three years, and contact lens customers order new lenses every six to 12 months, reflecting the predictability of these recurring purchase behaviors . 
 Increased Usage of Computer and Mobile Screens . Due to the proliferation of smartphones, laptops, tablets and other electronic devices, the U.S. population has experienced a dramatic increase in the amount of time spent viewing electronic screens. According to The Vision Council, about 90 of American adults report using digital devices for more than three hours per day with approximately 80 reporting experiencing symptoms of digital eye strain. This is anticipated to result in a larger percentage of the population suffering from screen-related vision problems, driving incremental sales of vision correction devices, such as traditional eyeglasses and contact lenses, as well as higher margin products designed specifically to counteract the effect of looking at screens for prolonged stretches of time. We believe that remote working and learning arrangements that have been necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic have led to increased use of electronic screens. 
 Growing Focus on Health and Wellness . The optical retail industry is poised to continue to benefit from expansive trends underlying an increasing societal focus on health and wellness. Consumers want personalized solutions that allow them to make informed decisions about their health. Additionally, rising healthcare costs are driving a growing emphasis on preventative healthcare. Eye exams can detect a host of physical ailments, such as hypertension or diabetes, and are one of the most inexpensive and effective forms of detection for many of these conditions. As consumers continue to develop greater awareness of health and wellness issues, there is an opportunity for retailers that are able to offer personalized, inexpensive, health-oriented products and services that can increase quality of life and reduce an individual s overall level of healthcare expenditures. Furthermore, this increased focus on health means that people are living longer, which increases the overall demand for vision care and the frequency with which people visit their eye care practitioners for vision care products and services. 
 
 1 Our industry section in prior annual reports on Form 10-K includes the most recently available industry information from The Vision Council, published in its Market inSights report. In January 2023, The Vision Council released a report on the optical retail industry based on a new model for estimating the industry, which includes new and updated sources for such data that had not been previously utilized for past industry estimates. As such, The Vision Council has indicated the market estimates previously published by them in prior VisionWatch reports and included by the Company in its annual reports on Form 10-K in prior years are not comparable to these new estimates. Due to the timing of the revised methodology and report in January 2023, the Company continues to evaluate the updated methodology and the new market estimate of a 76.5 billion optical retail industry in 2022 under such revised methodology at this time. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Our Products and Services 
 Within our two reportable segments, we primarily offer two products and one service: eyeglasses, contact lenses and eye exams. Nonetheless, our diverse product portfolio encompasses many brand names and thousands of SKUs. Offerings include both brand name designers, like Ray-Ban, Guess and Calvin Klein, as well as private label options at attractive prices. Our brand-name frame offerings are manufactured by market leaders and we partner with several overseas factories to direct source our private label products. We also offer a broad portfolio of lenses, including single vision and bifocal lenses, with a variety of treatments to enhance vision. Through one-on-one consultative-selling, our sales associates have a number of opportunities to share information about value-added lenses, including thinner, higher-quality lenses and photochromatic options, which carry higher margins. As a result, a significant number of America s Best customers and Eyeglass World customers who purchase eyeglasses choose upgraded lenses and/or frames instead of each brand s base offer. We also offer in our America s Best and Eyeglass World stores contact lenses from all major contact lens manufacturers, including our own private label brands (Sofmed and Natural Eyes HydraWear, made by CooperVision), and accessories. Collectively, our broad product offerings deliver consistent financial results and reduce our reliance on any individual product, style or trend. 
 In both of our reportable segments, eye exam services are provided by optometrists employed by us or by professional corporations or similar entities owned by eye care practitioners with whom we have contractual arrangements or by independent optometrists with whom we have contracted. In addition, as part of our efforts to provide quality, accessible eyecare, we recently deployed a telehealth solution in certain locations that allows optometrists working remotely to provide eye exam services to patients. Through this remote medicine platform, patients still come to the office for eyecare services, but instead of seeing the optometrists in person, the patients are connected with optometrists licensed in their state through video conferencing technology. The optometrists work with trained optometric technicians and clinical assistants to collect preliminary data, and then the optometrists control the optometric equipment remotely to conduct the refractions and eye health examinations while communicating with the patients in real-time via 2-way synchronous audio and visual connection. As of December 31, 2022 this new technology has been enabled in approximately 300 of our America s Best locations. We believe remote medicine not only helps provide quality, accessible eyecare to more patients, but also helps address constraints in exam capacity from optometrist availability in store. As part of the rollout, we have also invested in the transition to an electronic health record (EHR) platform for locations receiving the remote medicine technology. We anticipate continuing to invest in these capabilities primarily in America s Best stores in the near term. 
 Within our Owned Host segment, America s Best offers its Eyecare Club programs primarily to its contact lens customers. As of December 31, 2022, the Eyecare Club had approximately 1.6 million active members. Benefits of the Eyecare Club include two free eye exams per year for the duration of the multi-year membership, 10 off all contact lenses and eyeglasses and other periodic benefits and discounts. Memberships can be purchased in stores or on our America s Best website. There is a high adoption rate of Eyecare Club membership by America s Best customers who are not part of a managed care program and who visited an America s Best store for a contact lens examination. The disposable nature of contact lenses means that customers must replenish their contacts frequently, and in order to refill their prescriptions, contact lens users must have a current prescription. For a prescription to be current, customers generally need to have an eye exam every one or two years, depending on the state in which they reside. The multiyear nature of these memberships, which customers pay in full at the time they join, facilitates repeat traffic to America s Best stores for exams and contact lens purchases and builds customer loyalty. 
 See Note 7. Revenue from Contracts With Customers in our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Our Customers 
 Our customers need to see their best to perform their jobs, care for their families and contribute to their communities. Purchasing decisions are based on value, quality of service, fashion, location and eye health, among others. Based on a variety of third-party research studies, we have found that our customers typically prioritize value and convenience above other considerations. Value encompasses a combination of eye health with quality products and services, all offered at a fair price. Convenience encompasses multiple vectors: (i) retail locations near where our customers work and shop, with easy, convenient parking, (ii) store hours that fit their lifestyles, (iii) product selection that achieves aesthetic and/or fashion goals, (iv) availability of on-site eye exams and (v) acceptance of certain vision insurance benefits. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our Sales and Marketing 
 We developed our marketing strategy based on the in-depth knowledge we have of our customers. Our brands are positioned to stand for low prices and great value, which resonate with our target consumers and leave a lasting impression that is distinct from the competition. 
 We believe that video is a key channel for connecting with our customers. A significant portion of America s Best and Eyeglass World s advertising investments are on traffic-driving video advertisements, which we leverage broadly across multiple stores in each market to gain a larger share of voice, and, in turn, drive traffic and margins. We continue to benefit from America s Best national advertising campaigns, which we believe are cost effective and help raise our brand awareness in both existing and new markets. Additional advertising investments include digital media, search, direct mail, email and local store marketing. We are continually tracking consumer media consumption behaviors and adjusting our media plan accordingly. 
 
 For our Host and Legacy brands, we rely on our Host and Legacy partners marketing initiatives to drive traffic into their stores, and then we develop and execute highly targeted local marketing campaigns within stores to create awareness of our service and product offerings. 
 Our customer relationship management CRM system is used to collect customer demographic data. With this information and the third-party data that we use to supplement the customer information, we enhance our customer relationships with communications based on their vision needs and interests to help improve existing customer retention. In addition to our CRM program, digital advertising is a critical component of our media mix, as we believe both of these programs generate a high rate of return. Potential customers gain awareness of our brands through paid and organic digital efforts via content, video and social media that lead them to our websites. 

Our Sourcing and Supplier Relationships 
 We purchase our frame merchandise from a wide variety of vendors, with a limited number of vendors supplying the majority of our eyeglass lenses and contact lenses. We are a large customer for all of our suppliers and we strive to form meaningful, long-lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with our vendors. We have long-term contracts with some key suppliers, including Essilor and CooperVision. Under our agreement with Essilor, Essilor has the sole and exclusive right to supply certain lenses for eyeglasses to us. The current term of our agreement with Essilor runs through May 2026. We are collaborative in our vendor negotiations so as to develop a partnership with our vendors and, in time, a sense of loyalty to National Vision. Each of our top 10 vendors has been with us for approximately 10 years, and several of these vendors have been with us since our inception in 1990. We focus on sourcing low-cost products, including well-known frame brands, secondary frame brands, direct import and private label frames and private label contact lenses. Our well-developed capability of direct-to-factory sourcing and importing of frames allows us to offer high quality, low priced frames while generating strong gross margins. 

Our Optical Laboratories and Distribution Network 
 
 We use a highly-efficient mix of four domestic, company-operated processing facilities and have two outsourcing relationships with international, third-party facilities. We have state-of-the-art lens processing capabilities in our four geographically-diverse, company-operated production facilities in Lawrenceville, Georgia; St. Cloud, Minnesota; Plano, Texas; and Salt Lake City, Utah. Our centralized optical laboratories handle all aspects of customizing eyeglass lenses, and have digital capabilities for grinding, coating and edging to customer prescription and eyeglass frame specifications. We have developed a high-volume, low-cost lens processing model to provide seven-day turnaround service through our domestic owned laboratories and our international partner laboratories. This network was created through significant investment by us, and is leveraged across our portfolio of brands in both segments to provide efficiency and scale. We route eyeglass orders to both our owned and outsourced laboratories through an automated decision tree that incorporates information on (i) the nature of the job; (ii) the technical capabilities of each laboratory; (iii) the capacity of each laboratory; (iv) the inventory at each laboratory; and (v) the cost of that particular type of job at each laboratory. This architecture is integrated with the point-of-sale system and enables us to minimize our processing costs, while ensuring on-time deliveries. The processing system is designed such that the more eyeglasses we sell, the more efficient the laboratories become, creating significant cost savings over time. 
 In addition, our Eyeglass World stores are equipped with on-site laboratories, which typically process less complicated customer orders with same-day service. All lens orders that are not processed or completed in-store are processed or completed by our centralized laboratory network. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We have a 118,000 square foot distribution center in Lawrenceville, Georgia and a 52,000 square foot distribution center in Columbus, Ohio. We utilize third-party carriers to transport products from these centers to customers and store locations. 
 
 Our Mission and Philanthropic Efforts 
 Our mission is to help people by making quality eye care and eyewear more affordable and accessible. Our philanthropic culture instills a sense of purpose and engagement in our associates, from in-store team members to senior management. Our associates feel pride in the positive work they are doing, which allows us to attract and retain both store associates and vision care professionals, thus improving the customer experience in our stores. In addition, our mission has been essential to the recruitment and retention of our management team, whose extensive experience is a key component of our business success. 
 Our financial success has helped fuel our ever-growing philanthropic engine. In the U.S., through our partnership with charitable organizations, we provide free vision screenings, eye exams and eyeglasses to young Americans and other underserved communities. In addition, through multiple charitable partnerships with organizations such as VisionSpring, RestoringVision, the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness and VOSH International, we both directly assist and indirectly help improve the vision of millions of individuals globally. We also work collaboratively with others in the industry to help a portion of the world s population who live with uncorrected vision problems. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 13,975 full-time and part-time associates. In addition, the professional corporations or similar entities with which we contract employed 1,841 optometrists as of December 31, 2022. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We have never experienced a strike or work stoppage, and we believe that our relations with our associates and optometrists are good. 
 Our Board of Directors through our Board committees oversees human capital matters with regular updates and discussion on organizational structure, hiring and retention, compensation and benefits, health and safety matters, employee training and development, succession planning and associate survey results. 
 Value and Culture 
 We aim to maintain a strong and resonating culture guided by our Vision, Mission and Values. We believe everyone deserves to see their best to live their best and our goal is to help people achieve this by making quality eye care and eyewear more affordable and accessible. This purpose is supported by our associates and their values they are empowered to do what is right, committed to creating happiness every day and energized to serve. 
 With an inclusive and people-first culture, we are focused on celebrating and respecting our backgrounds, empowering, rewarding and developing our associates and aiming to give back to the communities in which we serve. Our human capital initiatives are focused on attracting highly qualified individuals and providing them with continued opportunities for growth and development. 
 Talent Acquisition 
 At National Vision, we are committed to attracting talent aligned with our Vision, Mission and Values. We have invested in key leadership roles within the talent organization to refine our approach and have incorporated new technology to improve both the candidate and hiring manager experience. In addition, we have partnered with schools and other organizations to promote the profession of optometry, including continuing our multi-year sponsorship of the Association of Schools and Colleges of Optometry campaign Optometry Gives Me Life targeted at high school and college students, and ensuring that graduating optometrists are educated on the variety of career options available to them. Additionally, we increased accessibility to our own internal National Vision Doctor of Optometry Tuition Reimbursement program, which provides for the reimbursement of education expenses to associates attending optometry school. We have utilized in person events and online platforms for job fairs and on-campus events, selectively offered key incentives, such as a student loan repayment program, and educated applicants on the health and safety protocols implemented in our stores. 
 13 

Table of contents 

Talent Development 
 We have a proven record of opening new stores with high-quality training support. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we adapted our new store training approach by introducing and enhancing virtual instructor-led training classes, allowing for a continuation of high touch training to prepare stores to open safely and effectively. We also increased ongoing training, especially in the areas of safety protocol procedures and customer interactions. We provide associates and optometrists with several opportunities and mechanisms through which they can provide feedback and allow us to continue developing programs for training and growth. We have invested in supporting our store managers through a new Training Store Manager program, which provides training during their critical first steps as new managers. The program offers high-performing store managers the opportunity to certify as Training Store Managers through a five-week certification process focused on coaching, self-awareness, giving and receiving feedback, and time management. Once participants are certified as Training Store Managers, they provide onboarding and training support to store managers across their district. In addition to providing valuable support to new managers and new store teams, the program provides our associates with a new avenue for leadership opportunities and professional development. After the Training Store Manager program launched in May 2021, we selected and certified more than 60 Training Store Managers across the country in 2021, and we continued to expand the program in 2022. The Training Store Manager program builds on our culture of developing and promoting our associates. 
 Benefits and Wellness 
 We strive to ensure our people always feel supported so they can bring their best selves to work every day. We demonstrate this commitment through many of our benefits and wellness offerings. Programs like our 401(k) plan, core and supplemental life insurance, health plan, short-term and long-term disability, wellness and disease management programs, including personalized programs for diabetes and hypertension, vacation pay, parental and adoption leave, accident, critical illness, group legal and identity theft programs, and a financial protection resource, provide the needed resources essential for helping our people care for themselves and their families. We also offer free on-demand mental and behavioral health resources, to provide needed guidance when work and personal challenges affect an associate s overall well-being. Additionally, our associates receive an annual associate eyewear ticket and eyewear gift tickets that provide them or their friends and family discounted eyewear purchases in our stores. 
 Our college scholarship program was established to assist associates with children (age 24 or under), who are high school seniors or graduates, planning to enroll in a full-time undergraduate course of study at an accredited U.S. college or university. Each year, ten recipients are granted an award of 2,500 each and awards are renewable up to three years for a total scholarship of 10,000. We also provide current and former associates who are in pursuit of a Doctor of Optometry (O.D.) degree with financial support through a tuition reimbursement program. 
 Our compensation programs are also designed to reinforce our growth agenda and talent acquisition strategy. In addition to competitive base pay, we seek to reward associates with annual incentive awards, recognition programs, and equity awards for associates at certain levels. 
 Shortly after our IPO, we established the National Vision Crisis Relief Fund to help support associates who are facing financial hardship as a result of a natural disaster, family emergency or other unexpected events. Donations made to the Crisis Relief Fund are matched by the Company. Since its creation, over 1.3 million have been provided to associates for assistance, with over 95 provided since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to a diverse and inclusive culture and in 2020, we formed a new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI department within the Company. As we move forward in our DEI journey, we are focused on advancing diversity in our recruitment, training, career mentorship and development, employment, branding and community service. In 2021, we continued our focus on reviewing best practices and initiatives and conducted listen and learn sessions with associates and optometrists to solicit feedback and identify opportunity areas. As a part of these efforts, we collaborated with non-profit and educational institutions with the goal of increasing the percentage of Black doctors in the industry, including sponsoring and participating in the Impact HBCU event sponsored by Black Eyecare Perspectives with the goal of increasing awareness in the field among historically black college and university HBCU students. In 2021, our Chief Executive Officer became a signatory to the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion pledge, committing to a series of actions related to diversity, equity and inclusion across the Company, industry and communities. We were named one of Forbes Best Employers for Women and one of Forbes Best Employers for Veterans in 2021, received the highest ranking given by 50/50 Women on Boards for balanced gender representation among the independent members of the Company s Board of Directors. We were also recognized as one of Forbes Best Employers for Diversity in 2021 for, among other things, our proactive 
 14 

Table of contents 

diversity and inclusion initiatives and were named one of Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies for 2023 for our corporate responsibility and citizenship. 
 Health and Safety 
 Our health and well-being efforts are built on a foundational commitment to the safety of our associates and doctors in our network. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable Occupational Safety and Health Administration guidelines and state regulations. At each of our labs and distribution centers, there are specific leaders responsible for the management of associate safety. For example, lab directors organize and run safety trainings for local associates, some of which are conducted through our Learning Management System and others through in-person instruction. For our retail locations, we provide support to managers and field leaders in understanding and complying with applicable laws and regulations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic presented unique challenges for our associates, doctors, customers and patients. We prioritized the safety of our associates, optometrists, customers and patients by voluntarily closing our stores to the public for a temporary period of time in 2020 to implement enhanced safety and cleaning protocols in order to serve our customers and patients with everyone s health and safety in mind. Health and safety remain at the forefront for us as the pandemic and variants continue to evolve and present challenges for us. 
 Beginning in 2020, we created multiple resources for associates, including frequent and transparent communication tools, additional leave of absence and paid leave options, and centralized support to address COVID-19 questions and concerns, including regarding the availability of vaccines. 
 
 Managed Vision Care 
 Our managed care business relates to vision care programs and associated benefits (i) sponsored by associates or other groups, (ii) provided by insurers and managed care entities, such as health maintenance organizations to individuals, and (iii) delivered, typically on a fee-for-service or capitated basis, by health care providers, such as ophthalmologists, optometrists and opticians. Our managed care business primarily consists of participation in private managed care programs. While our managed care business has continued to grow, we are underpenetrated in the managed care market relative to the broader optical retail industry, and we believe that this continues to represent a growth opportunity. 
 Through our point-of-sale system and our back-office electronic data interchange, or EDI, capabilities, we attempt to create a seamless transactional experience for our managed care customers. From time to time, vision care insurance payors may make changes to their EDI claim systems. Such changes may require us to update our processes and could impact our ability to submit claims or to timely receive reimbursements from our managed care partners. As such, when asked, we have assisted a number of our larger vision care insurance payors to either implement or improve their existing EDI claim systems. 
 
 Competition 
 The optical retail industry is highly competitive. Competition is generally based upon brand name recognition, price, convenience, selection, service and product quality. 
 We operate within the value segment of the U.S. optical retail industry, which emphasizes price and value. This segment is fragmented. We compete with mass merchants and warehouse club stores, specialty retail chains and independent eye care practitioners and opticians. In the broader optical retail industry, we also compete with large national retailers such as (in alphabetical order) LensCrafters, Pearle Vision and Visionworks. This competition takes place both in physical retail locations and online. 
 We also compete with online sellers of contact lenses and eyewear. The online sale of contact lenses has steadily increased in particular since the passage of the Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act. See Government Regulation below for more detail. The online sale of eyeglasses has not developed as quickly, but a number of firms are primarily focused on this market, including Warby Parker and Zenni Optical. We also face potential competition from companies that employ emerging technologies in the optical retail industry, including, for example, online vision exams. 
 We also compete to be a provider under managed care contracts, which can provide us with access to new customers and also allow us to better serve our customers who are covered by managed care by filing claims directly with the payor and collecting only the applicable co-pay amount from these customers. Competition is based on many factors, including price and the density of the provider network. Several large managed care payors are vertically integrated, with substantial retail networks. We have, in the past, and may, in the future, experience heightened challenges to be admitted as a provider to these networks or to maintain our status in them. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 Our business is moderately seasonal in nature. Historically, our business has realized a higher portion of net revenue, operating income and cash flows from operations in the first half of the year, and a lower portion of net revenue, operating income and cash flows from operations in the fourth fiscal quarter. The first half seasonality is attributable primarily to the timing of our customers income tax refunds and annual health insurance program start/reset periods. We believe that many customers in our target market, which consists of value seeking and lower income consumers, rely on tax refunds to pay for eyewear and eye care. A delay in the issuance of tax refunds can accordingly have a timing impact on our quarterly financial results in the first half of the year. Consumers could also alter how they utilize tax refund proceeds. 
 With respect to our fourth quarter results, compared to other retailers, our products and services are less likely to be included in consumer s holiday spending budgets, therefore reducing spending on personal vision correction during the weeks preceding December 25th of each year. Additionally, although the period between December 25th and the end of our fiscal year is typically a high-volume period, the net revenue associated with substantially all orders of prescription eyeglasses and contact lenses during that period is deferred until January due to our policy of recognizing revenue only after the product has been accepted by the customer, further contributing to higher first half of the year results. Our quarterly results may also be affected by the timing of new store openings and store closings, the amount of sales contributed by new and existing stores, the timing of certain holidays, as well as the timing of weather-related store closures. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused changes to the seasonality we have historically experienced, including the resulting temporary closure of our stores for a portion of the first half of 2020 and impacts from the emergence of variants or delays in the issuance of tax refunds, and may continue to cause changes for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Information Technology 
 Information technology systems are critical to our day-to-day operations as well as to our long-term growth strategies. Our systems are designed to deliver a consistent, scalable, high-performing and secure experience for our customers and partners. We utilize a combination of co-location data center and cloud-based solutions for our infrastructure and the majority of our applications consist of standard, integrated software solutions. Our systems provide the data analysis and automation necessary to support our marketing, merchandising, inventory, distribution, store operations and point-of-sale, e-commerce, remote medicine, finance, accounting and human resources initiatives. We believe our current systems allow us to identify and respond to operating trends in our business. 
 Examples of areas in which we have invested and continue to invest in include software systems to enhance the growth of omni-channel, customer engagement efforts, the remote medicine and electronic healthcare records (EHR) platform rollout, cybersecurity programs, our overall security posture, our point-of-sale system and enterprise resource planning (ERP). We believe these investments, along with maintenance of our existing information technology capabilities, will provide the flexibility and capacity to accommodate our future growth plans. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own a number of registered and common law trademarks and pending applications for trademark registrations in the United States, primarily through our subsidiaries. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this report are presented without the , SM and symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. All trademarks, service marks and trade names appearing in this Form 10-K (or in documents we have incorporated by reference) are the property of their respective owners. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. Because of the various facets of our business, the scope and extent of laws and regulations applicable to our business are always subject to the risk of change or material increase. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations can subject us to sanctions (including suspension and loss of operating licenses), fines or various forms of civil or criminal prosecution, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1A. Risk Factors below for a discussion of these and other risks. A summary of certain laws and regulations is described below. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Practice of Medicine/Optometry and Similar Laws 
 Many states prohibit the corporate practice of medicine/optometry where an unlicensed entity practices medicine or employs a physician or optometrist to provide professional medical services. Many states interpret the corporate practice of medicine/optometry rules broadly to prohibit employment of eye care practitioners by corporations like us and to prohibit various financial arrangements, such as fee-splitting, between eye care practitioners and other entities. Many states also regulate certain business practices as well as landlord-tenant arrangements between optical companies and optometrists. For example, some states prohibit a common entrance to a retail optical location and an optometric office. These laws and regulations can vary significantly by state, requiring us to tailor our operations in each state to the particular laws of such state. Many of these laws and regulations are vague and are subject to the interpretation of regulators and enforcement authorities, which may change over time. States periodically revisit these laws and regulations and we are subject to the ongoing risk that the regulatory scheme in any state can change in ways adverse to us. Our America s Best operations, which feature a bundled offer of eyeglasses and an eye examination, are particularly implicated by these laws. State legislators and regulators may be reluctant to accept telehealth and remote medicine as an additional way to provide access to quality patient care. Recently, there has been an increase in legislative and rulemaking activity that creates disparity across jurisdictions on how telehealth is regulated and how we are able to implement our remote medicine solution. Our ability to launch our remote medicine solution in certain jurisdictions or in the most cost-efficient manner is highly dependent on the evolution of these state-by-state requirements and restrictions. 
 
 Professional Licensure and Regulation 
 Our operations are subject to state licensing laws. All states license the practice of ophthalmology and optometry and many states license opticians. The dispensing of prescription eyewear is also regulated in most states in which we do business. In some states, we are required to register our stores as optical dispensaries. 
 
 Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act FCLCA and E-commerce Laws 
 In connection with our sales of contact lenses, we must comply with the FCLCA, and its implementing regulations, including the Contact Lens Rule, promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), which establish a national uniform standard in the United States with regard to releasing and verifying contact lens prescriptions. This law and rule require that we verify the prescriptions we receive from our customers prior to selling contact lenses online. A violation of the Contact Lens Rule constitutes an unfair or deceptive act or practice under the FTC Act. In 2020, the FTC adopted changes to the Contact Lens Rule under the FCLCA, that include, among other topics, updates to the passive verification requirement, updates to certain other prescription requirements and new requirements regarding automated telephone verification messages. 
 Our e-commerce business must comply with various federal and state laws, most notably the FCLCA. Our online business must also be registered in various states as a non-resident contact lens seller. 
 
 Managed Care Regulation 
 We are engaged in managed vision care, both as a managed care entity and as a provider to managed care payors and insurers. In California, our subsidiary, FirstSight, a specialized health maintenance organization HMO ), is subject to the managed care laws of the State of California and is licensed and comprehensively regulated by the California Department of Managed Health Care (the DMHC ). These regulations contain operating, disclosure, reporting and financial viability requirements, among others. Material changes to the operations of FirstSight, including the opening of America s Best locations outside of defined service areas, must be approved by the DMHC. This approval process can be complex and can cause delays in the projected opening of our stores. We also offer Eyecare Club programs pursuant to which, in exchange for a fixed payment, individuals can obtain eye examinations and discounts on eyeglasses, contact lenses and accessories during the program period. These programs may be subject to regulation under managed care and related state laws, including those of California, where these programs are offered as managed care products by FirstSight. In addition, our Eyecare Club programs may subject us to state statutes regulating discount medical plans. These laws, which have been adopted in a number of states, require the licensing or registration of organizations that provide discounted access to health care providers. It is possible that state regulators could determine that we are operating as a discount medical plan and as such are subject to the various registration, disclosure and solvency requirements. 
 17 

Table of contents 

Privacy and Security 
 We directly collect, use, access, disclose, transmit and/or store protected health information PHI and personally identifiable information PII in connection with the sales of our products and services, customer service, billing and employment practices. As a health care provider and as a business associate to health care providers, we are subject to federal and comparable state laws governing privacy and security, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA and its implementing regulations, such as the Privacy Rule, the Security Rule and the Breach Notification Rule. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (the HITECH Act extends the Privacy Rule and the Security Rule directly to business associates. We are also subject to comparable state health privacy laws to the extent they are more protective of individual privacy than the Privacy Rule. We anticipate that the Office of Civil Rights, which is the enforcement agency for HIPAA, will implement modest changes to HIPAA sometime in 2023, pursuant to a notice of proposed rulemaking that was issued in December 2020. Moreover, nearly all states have adopted their own data breach laws with comparable (and sometimes conflicting) standards and requirements. These state laws apply to breaches of specified elements of PII. In addition, states may amend or adopt new laws or regulations regarding data privacy that may be applicable to us, including new comprehensive consumer privacy laws that have or will go into effect in multiple states in 2023. 
 
 Laws Related to Reimbursement by Government Programs 
 Our participation in federal reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, subjects us to state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, physician self-referral and similar laws. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, paying, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in exchange for, the referral of an individual or purchasing, furnishing, recommending or arranging for a good or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including, for example, gifts, certain discounts, the furnishing of free supplies, equipment, office space or services, credit arrangements, payment of cash and waivers of payments. Healthcare providers that have financial relationships may structure their arrangements to meet certain voluntary safe harbors under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute so that such financial relationships and business practices are not treated as offenses under the statute. Several courts have found a violation of the statute s intent requirement if a single purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of patients or consumers purchasing healthcare goods or services paid for, in whole or in part, by federal government programs. There are also a number of healthcare fraud statutes that impose criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the Anti-Kickback Statute or healthcare fraud statutes, or specific intent to violate them in order to have committed a violation. Many states have adopted similar laws that apply to any third-party payors including commercial plans. 
 In addition, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute provides that any claim for government reimbursement in violation of the statute also violates the False Claims Act FCA ). The FCA prohibits intentionally submitting, conspiring to submit, or causing to be submitted, false or otherwise improper claims, records or statements to the federal government, or intentionally failing to return overpayments, in connection with reimbursement by federal government programs. Most states have enacted false claims laws analogous to the FCA, and both federal and state false claims laws permit private individuals to file qui tam or whistleblower lawsuits on behalf of the federal or state government. The Social Security Act also imposes significant penalties for false or improper Medicare and Medicaid billings. 
 The U.S. Physician Self-Referral Law, or the Stark Law, generally prohibits physicians (which the Stark Law defines to also include optometrists) from referring, for designated health services (as defined by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services), Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries to any entity with which the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has a financial relationship. Designated health services do not include optometric services for physician referrals. This law further prohibits the entity receiving a prohibited referral from presenting a claim for reimbursement by Medicare or Medicaid for services furnished pursuant to the prohibited referral. The Stark Law has a number of specific mandatory exceptions for financial hardships between regulated healthcare providers that do not pose a risk of abuse to Medicare programs or patient abuse. Many states have adopted similar self-referral laws which are not limited to Medicare or Medicaid reimbursed services. In some cases, the rental of space constitutes a financial relationship under this law. The Stark Law is a strict liability law, meaning that intent is not required; the mere presence of a prohibited relationship may constitute a Stark Law violation if certain mandatory exceptions are not met. 
 18 

Table of contents 

Federal Food and Drug Administration FDA Regulation 
 The FDA generally has authority to, among other things, regulate the manufacture, distribution, sale and labeling of medical devices, including contact and spectacle lenses. Under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDC Act ), medical devices must meet a number of regulatory requirements. We engage in certain manufacturing, repackaging and relabeling activities at our optical laboratories and at certain Eyeglass World stores, which subject us to the FDA s registration, listing and quality requirements. We are required to register our centralized laboratories with the FDA. 
 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 Federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations can apply to our operations and retail offers. Some of our promotions, such as our America s Best offer of a free eye exam, are subject to compliance with laws and regulations governing use of this term. The FTC has authority under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act to investigate and prosecute practices that are unfair trade practices, deceptive trade practices, or unfair methods of competition. State attorneys general typically have comparable authority and many states permit private plaintiffs to bring actions on the basis of these laws. In addition, state regulators or boards of optometry may challenge our promotional practices, including America s Best s bundled offers, as, among other things, violating applicable state laws regarding unfair competition, false advertising to consumers, or corporate practice of optometry prohibitions. 
 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA 
 We source a significant portion of our products from outside the United States. The FCPA and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or offering anything of value to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies and our code of conduct mandate compliance with applicable law, including these laws and regulations. 
 
 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI Standard 
 Because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the PCI Standard, which contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. Certain states have incorporated these requirements into state law. Our credit card agreements with our banks require that we comply with this standard and pay for any fines and assessments imposed by the credit card companies in the event of a compromise of card data. 
 
 Service Contract Regulations 
 We offer product protection plans for our eyeglasses. In certain states, service contract and similar laws regulate these plans. These laws, which vary by state, mandate that sellers of such contracts comply with various registration, disclosure and financial requirements. It is possible that regulators in certain states could determine that our extended warranty plans should be subject to these laws. 
 
 Environmental and Safety Regulation 
 Our optical laboratories in the United States and our in-store laboratories in our Eyeglass World locations subject us to various federal, state and local laws, regulations and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment, public health and associate safety, including, for example, regulations governing the management of hazardous substances, and the maintenance of safe working conditions. These laws also apply generally to all our properties. Our failure to comply with these laws can subject us to criminal and civil liabilities. 
 
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA 
 We are also subject to the requirements of OSHA and other federal and state agencies that address employee health, including from infectious diseases such as COVID-19, and safety. While we are not currently subject to any vaccine mandate, it continues to be our policy to encourage each of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. To the extent we become subject to a vaccine mandate in the future, our implementation of the mandate could result in employee attrition, including attrition of critical skilled labor, and difficulty meeting future labor requirements. 
 We believe we are meeting state and federal rules and regulations protecting the health and safety of our employees. Based on new or revised regulatory developments, we may be required to take additional actions or increase expenditures in the future to comply with higher industry and regulatory safety standards. 
 19 

Table of contents 

Insurance and Risk Management 
 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for workers compensation, general liability, property insurance, director and officers liability insurance, vehicle liability and associate health-care benefits, among others. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by us are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. Where we have retained risk through self-insurance or similar arrangements, we utilize third-party firms to assist management in assessing the financial impact of risk retention. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. These risks are not the only risks we face. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could also be adversely affected by additional factors that apply to all companies generally or by risks not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial. We can provide no assurance and make no representation that our risk mitigation efforts, although we believe they are reasonable, will be successful. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts, have had, and may in the future continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the related actions taken by governments and the private sector to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of COVID-19 have adversely affected global economies, financial markets and the overall environment for our business, and the extent to which these may continue to impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The global macroeconomic effects of the pandemic, including weakened economic conditions, consumer spending and supply chain disruptions, and financial market volatility have continued, and may continue for an indefinite period of time. 
 As a result of the pandemic, we have experienced temporary and occasional disruptions and closures of our facilities, including the temporary closure of our retail stores beginning on March 19, 2020 until June 2020, which had a material adverse impact on our sales and profitability, and other temporary closures or reduced hours due to surges in COVID-19 variants. We have also seen shifts in consumer behaviors and preferences, as well as impacts in the demand for our products. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects has impacted and may continue to impact us in the following ways: 
 a disruption to our growth strategy, supply chain, delivery of merchandise, professional recruitment, ability to staff stores, typical seasonality and customer demand; 
 newly enacted state, local and federal healthcare laws in response to COVID-19, and exposure to potential lawsuits, workforce attrition and difficulty in maintaining professional recruitment; and 
 an inability to maintain sufficient levels of cash flow from our operations to fund our business and growth strategy and difficulty in obtaining additional financing on terms that are favorable to us. 
 A number of factors, including future resurgences, the pace at which government restrictions are lifted or re-instated to contain the virus, the impact on our ability to maintain sufficient personnel and recruit employees, including related labor costs, the impact on our customers and suppliers, inflationary pressures, any impairment in the fair value of our assets, the impact on our ability to access capital markets on favorable terms, the speed and extent to which markets fully recover from the disruptions caused by the pandemic, and the impact of these factors on our business, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. In addition, to the extent COVID-19 adversely affects our operations and global economic conditions more generally, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. 
 We refer you to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations for a more detailed discussion of the actual operational and financial impacts that we have experienced to date. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Market volatility, an overall decline in the health of the economy and other factors impacting consumer spending, including inflation, recessionary conditions, the timing and issuance of tax refunds, governmental instability and natural disasters, may affect consumer purchases, which could reduce demand for our products and materially harm our sales, profitability and financial condition. 
 Our business depends on consumer demand for our products and, consequently, is sensitive to a number of factors that influence consumer confidence and spending, such as general economic conditions, consumer disposable income, energy and fuel prices, recession and fears of recession, unemployment, minimum wages, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, conditions in the housing market, interest rates, tax rates and policies, inflation, consumer confidence in future economic conditions and political conditions, developments related to the U.S. federal debt ceiling, war and fears of war (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine), impacts of climate change, inclement weather, natural disasters, terrorism, cybersecurity incidents, outbreak of viruses or widespread illness and consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security. Over the past few years, global markets and economic conditions have been challenging, particularly in light of rising interest rates and historic inflation throughout 2022 which has created continued economic uncertainty. Reduced customer confidence and spending cutbacks may result in reduced demand for our merchandise and may force us to take inventory markdowns, increased selling and promotional expenses or, if part of a prolonged or pervasive economic downturn, may slow the pace of new store openings or cause current stores to close. 
 Additionally, our business is seasonal in nature, with the first and second quarters typically representing a higher portion of net sales to us than other quarters, especially with the issuance of tax refunds that consumers utilize for eyewear and eyecare in the first half of the year. As such, a significant downward trend in the first half of the year could have a substantial negative impact on our annual financial results. From time to time we have also temporarily closed certain stores due to hurricanes, natural disasters or civil unrest. Such store closures due to factors that are outside of our control could materially adversely affect our sales and profitability. 
 Furthermore, our target market, which consists of value seeking and lower income consumers, is sensitive to a number of these and other factors outside of our control. A continuation of these and similar circumstances could have a material negative impact on our financial performance. 

Failure to recruit and retain vision care professionals could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to hire and/or contract with vision care professionals for our stores and remote offerings is critical to our operations as well as our growth strategy. Our operations, like those of many of our competitors, depend on our ability to offer both eyewear and eye exams, which require the availability of optometrists in or near our stores. Many states require that opticians be licensed to dispense and fit eyeglasses and contact lenses. The failure to have vision care professionals available in or near our stores could adversely affect our ability to win managed vision care contracts. Additionally, as we enable remote medicine at an increased number of our stores, the ability to hire and retain vision care professionals for such remote offerings and the continued successful implementation and operation of our remote medicine technology platform is essential to the expansion of our remote medicine strategy. 
 Competition for vision care professionals has increased, especially with the increased demand for optometrists in the current constrained labor market. We compete with other optical retail companies, health systems and group practices for vision care professionals. Failure to attract, hire and retain vision care professionals or to design and successfully implement more flexibility to meet the expectations of prospective and existing vision care professionals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that flexibility initiatives provided to vision care professionals, including with respect to scheduling, will be successful in attracting or retaining vision care professionals or addressing constraints in exam capacity. As previously disclosed, due to the pandemic and related effects, we experienced an unexpected degree of vision care professional shortages and related exam capacity constraints over the course of 2022 despite increased recruitment and retention efforts, which included wage investments and other enhanced compensation efforts. Such efforts have, and may continue to, increase our operating costs and adversely impact our results, and ultimately may be unsuccessful. 
 Additionally, our ability to recruit, hire and/or contract with vision care professionals is closely regulated. For example, there is a risk that state authorities in some jurisdictions may find that our contractual relationships with optometrists or professional corporations or similar entities that employ optometrists violate laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine/optometry, in which case we may be required to restructure these arrangements, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain their services. See Item 1. Business-Government Regulation. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 A material change in our relationship with vision care professionals, whether resulting from constraints in exam capacity, a dispute with an eye care practitioner or a group of eye care practitioners controlling multiple practice locations, a government or regulatory authority challenging our operating structure or our relationship with vision care professionals, or other changes to applicable laws or regulations (or interpretations of the same), or the loss of these relationships, could impair our ability to provide services to our customers, cause our customers to go elsewhere for their optical needs, or result in legal sanctions against us. In addition, some professional corporations or similar entities provide for the vision care services at a number of our retail locations, exposing us to some concentration risk. A material change to any of the foregoing relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any difficulties or delays in securing the services of these professionals could also adversely affect our relationships with our Host and Legacy partners. 

The optical retail industry is highly competitive, and if we do not compete successfully, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 We operate in the highly competitive optical retail industry and we may be unable to successfully compete against existing or future competitors. Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressure or improved performance by our competitors could result in lost market share and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information on our competitive environment and our major competitors, see Part I. Item 1. Business-Competition. 
 Some of our competitors are larger or vertically integrated and engaged in the manufacture and distribution of eyewear as well as managed care. Larger competitors who have greater financial and operational resources, greater brand recognition and broader geographic presence than we do, may be able to offer more competitive prices, and have larger marketing and advertising spends. Vertically integrated competitors may advantageously leverage their structure and make it more difficult for others in the industry, including us, to compete. We purchase many of our products from suppliers who are affiliates of our competitors. We also compete for managed vision care contracts with certain of our competitors who are affiliates of managed care payors. In addition, if any of our competitors were to consolidate operations, such consolidation would exacerbate the aforementioned risks. While we strive to evolve in line with changing consumers shopping habits and new technologies, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are not able to effectively respond to changes in the retail markets. 

If we fail to open and operate new stores in a timely and cost-effective manner or fail to successfully enter new markets, our financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Achieving our growth strategy depends, in large part, on growing our store base and expanding our operations, both in existing and new markets, and operating our new stores successfully. 
 The success of our contemplated expansion depends on many factors, including, among others, our ability to: 
 recruit and retain qualified vision care professionals (who may be licensed or unlicensed, depending on state regulations) for any new store; 
 address regulatory, competitive, merchandising, marketing, distribution and other challenges encountered in connection with expansion into new markets where we have limited historical experience; 
 hire, train and retain an expanded workforce of store managers and other personnel; 
 maintain adequate laboratory, distribution facility, information technology and other operational system capabilities; 
 successfully integrate new stores into our existing management structure and operations, including information technology integration; 
 negotiate acceptable lease terms at suitable retail locations; 
 source sufficient levels of inventory at acceptable costs; 
 obtain necessary permits and licenses; 
 construct and open our stores on a timely basis; 
 generate sufficient levels of cash or obtain financing on acceptable terms to support our expansion; 
 participate in managed care arrangements for new stores; 
 achieve and maintain brand awareness in new and existing markets; and 
 identify and satisfy the merchandise and other preferences of our customers. 
 Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will achieve our planned growth or, even if we are able to grow our store base as planned, that our new stores will perform as expected or achieve net sales or profitability levels comparable to those of our existing stores in the time periods estimated by us or at all. Our failure to implement our growth strategy and to successfully open and operate new stores in the time frames and at the costs estimated by us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

If the performance of our Host and Legacy brands declines or we are unable to maintain or extend our operating relationships with our Host and Legacy partners, our business, profitability and cash flows may be adversely affected and we may be required to incur impairment charges. 
 We derive revenues and operating cash flows from our relationships with our Legacy and Host partners through our operations of 230 Vision Centers in select Walmart stores, 29 Vista Optical locations within select Fred Meyer stores and 54 Vista Optical locations on select military bases. 
 Termination or expiration of our Host and Legacy agreements would result in a reduction of our revenues and operating cash flows, which could be material and which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations including an impairment of the intangible assets. The loss of our Vision Centers or Vista Optical locations could impair our ability to attract and retain management and retail associates, compete for managed vision care contracts, obtain favorable terms, such as discounts and rebates, from optical vendors and generate cash to fund our business and service our debt obligations. We may seek to replace any lost Host or Legacy locations with new America s Best or Eyeglass World stores but we may not be able to support the carrying value of the intangible assets at these brands or replace the lost revenues and cash flows. 
 For example, our current management services agreement with Walmart presents a variety of risks. The current term of the management services agreement ends on February 23, 2024 and will automatically renew for a three-year period unless, no later than July 2023, either party gives written notice of non-renewal. Sales associated with this arrangement with Walmart represented 7.6 of consolidated net revenue in fiscal year 2022, which exposes us to concentration of customer risk. In addition, the agreement permits Walmart to control many aspects of the retail operations at the Vision Centers we manage on behalf of Walmart, including pricing, merchandising and similar matters. If Walmart exercises its rights under this agreement in a way that adversely affects us, our sole remedy would be to terminate the agreement after participating in an informal resolution and, if necessary, a mediation process. There are no assurances that Walmart will not seek to exercise these rights in a manner that is materially adverse to our interests. In addition, under our current management services agreement, we earn fees based on a percentage of the revenues from the Vision Centers we manage. The agreement also allows Walmart to collect penalties from us if the Vision Centers do not generate a requisite amount of revenues, which penalties equal a percentage of the shortfall. We may not be able to maintain the performance levels required and, as a result, may be forced to pay penalties to Walmart or default under this agreement at a point in time when our fees from the arrangement will already be lower than anticipated. Further, a breach by us of the terms and conditions of this agreement could cause us to lose all management fees derived under this agreement, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets at our Host and Legacy brands was 21.6 million and 73.0 million, respectively. We review the carrying value of our goodwill and intangibles for impairment annually, or more frequently when impairment indicators exist. The impairment test requires us to analyze a number of factors, including evaluating the useful life of intangible assets, and make estimates that require judgment. Future changes in the business profitability, expected cash flows, changes in our business strategy and external market conditions, among other factors, could require us to record impairment charges for goodwill or intangible assets, which could lead to decreased assets and reduced net income. If a significant write down were required, the charge could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and stockholders equity, and could impact the trading price of our common stock. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 We require significant capital to fund our expanding business. If we are unable to maintain sufficient levels of cash flow from our operations, we may not be able to execute or sustain our growth strategy or we may require additional financing, which may not be available to us on satisfactory terms or at all. 
 To support our expanding business and execute our growth strategy, we need significant amounts of capital, including funds to pay our lease obligations, build out new store spaces, laboratories and distribution centers, implement and operate remote medicine technology and EHR platforms, purchase inventory, pay personnel and further invest in our infrastructure and facilities including investments in transitioning and updating our enterprise resource planning and other technological systems and capabilities. Further, our plans to grow our store base may create cash flow pressure if new locations do not perform as projected. We have and expect to continue to primarily depend on cash flow from operations to fund our business and growth plans. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may need to obtain additional equity or debt financing. Tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity, volatility in the capital markets and a downturn in the economy could result in diminished availability of credit, higher cost of borrowing and lack of confidence in the equity markets, making it more difficult to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable to us. If such financing is not available to us, or is not available on satisfactory terms, our ability to operate and expand our business could be curtailed and we may need to delay, limit or eliminate planned store openings or operations or other elements of our growth strategy. 

We are a low-cost provider and our business model relies on the low-cost of inputs. Factors such as wage rate increases, inflation, cost increases, increases in raw material prices and energy prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in compensation, wage pressure and other expenses for vision care professionals, as well as our other associates, have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect our profitability. Increases in minimum wages and other wage and hour regulations and labor shortages can exacerbate this risk. As a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced an increasingly competitive labor market for vision care professionals and increased preferences for adjusted work schedules, resulting in the demand for optometrists exceeding supply in certain areas during fiscal year 2022 and causing constraints in exam capacity. Due to these factors, we experienced wage pressure for our vision care professionals and associates in 2022. Targeted wage investments, including increases in compensation and other expenses for our optometrists and associates, along with other initiatives, were implemented in response to these factors that have and will continue to impact our costs applicable to revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses. The costs to employ or retain optometrists may increase further, potentially materially. See Failure to recruit and retain vision care professionals could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations above. Additional tariffs or other future cost increases, such as increases in the cost of merchandise, shipping rates, raw material prices, freight costs and store occupancy costs, may also reduce our profitability. These cost increases may be the result of inflationary pressures which could further reduce our sales or profitability. Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy prices and lease and utility costs, may increase our cost of products sold or selling, general and administrative expenses. Our low price model and competitive pressures in the optical retail industry may inhibit our ability to reflect these increased costs in the prices of our products, in which case such increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our growth strategy could strain our existing resources and cause the performance of our existing stores to suffer. 
 Our planned expansion has and continues to place increased demands on our existing operational, managerial, supply-chain and administrative resources. These increased demands could strain our resources and cause us to operate our business less effectively, which in turn could cause the performance of our new and existing stores to suffer. 
 As our store base grows, we will need to continually evaluate the adequacy of our laboratory, distribution and information technology capabilities, including those related to our remote medicine offerings. Our laboratories and distribution centers have a finite capacity and, to the extent we grow beyond this capacity, we will need to expand our current laboratories and/or distribution centers or add new laboratories and/or distribution capabilities, the cost of which could be material. Implementing new operating capabilities or changing existing operating capabilities could present challenges we do not anticipate and could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Should we open additional laboratories or distribution centers, any related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as unavailability of suitable space, shortages of materials, shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages, unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems, weather interference, fires or other casualty losses and unanticipated cost increases. We cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 budgets. Any delay or increased costs associated with any project could adversely affect the financial and overall performance of our existing and planned new stores. 
 We cannot anticipate all of the demands that our expanding operations will impose on our business, personnel and systems and our failure to address such demands and to profitably manage our growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, opening new stores in our established markets may result in inadvertent oversaturation, temporarily or permanently divert customers and sales from our existing stores to new stores and reduce comparable store sales, thus adversely affecting our overall financial performance. Furthermore, we have opened and expect to continue to open America s Best and Eyeglass World stores in close proximity to one another. However, we may not be able to effectively manage stores of both brands in the same market, and this close proximity may cause the performance of such America s Best and/or Eyeglass World stores to suffer. In addition, oversaturation, or the risk of oversaturation, may reduce or adversely affect the number or location of stores we plan to open, and could thereby materially and adversely affect our growth plans overall or in particular markets. 

Our success depends upon our marketing, advertising and promotional efforts. If we are unable to implement them successfully or efficiently, or if our competitors are more effective than we are, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We use marketing and promotional programs to attract customers to our stores and to encourage purchases by our customers. If we fail to successfully or efficiently develop and implement marketing, advertising and promotional strategies, we may be unable to achieve and maintain brand awareness, and customer traffic to our stores and/or websites may be reduced. We may not be able to advertise cost-effectively in new or smaller markets in which we have lower store density, which could slow growth at such stores. Changes in the amount and degree of promotional intensity or merchandising strategy by our competitors could cause us to have difficulties in retaining existing customers and attracting new customers. If the efficacy of our marketing or promotional activities declines or if such activities of our competitors are more effective than ours, or if for any other reason we lose the loyalty of our customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, since our expansion in California, we have a national advertising campaign for America s Best as opposed to only utilizing local advertising campaigns. We cannot provide assurances that a national advertising campaign will be cost-effective or successful or that we will continue such campaigns. 

We are subject to risks associated with leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs. 
 We lease our America s Best and Eyeglass World store locations, our corporate office, the AC Lens corporate office, the FirstSight corporate office, our laboratories in Georgia, Texas and Utah and our distribution centers. We also lease our Vista Optical locations inside Fred Meyer stores. As a result, we are susceptible to changes in the property rental market and increases in our occupancy costs. 
 The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to identify suitable premises for our stores and to negotiate acceptable lease terms. We may not be able to renew or extend our existing store leases on acceptable terms, or at all, and may have to abandon desirable locations or renew leases on unfavorable terms. In addition, tenants at shopping centers in which we are located or have executed leases, or to which our locations are near, may fail to open or may cease operations. Decreases in total tenant occupancy in shopping centers in which we are located, or to which our locations are near, may affect traffic at our stores. In addition, the potential default or bankruptcy of landlords in existing or pending leasehold locations may affect our ability to maintain or renew our existing leases. All of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our operations. 
 Most leases for our stores provide for a minimum rent and typically include escalating rent increases over time. In certain circumstances we pay a percentage rent based upon sales after certain minimum thresholds are achieved. Our failure to achieve these thresholds could cause our occupancy costs for these locations to increase materially on a percentage of sales basis. The leases generally require us to pay insurance, utilities, real estate taxes and common area maintenance expenses, which are highly variable over time. Our substantial lease obligations could have significant negative consequences, including: 
 requiring that a substantial portion of our available cash be applied to pay our rental obligations, reducing cash available for other purposes and reducing our operating profitability; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business or in the industry in which we compete; and 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 If we are not able to make the required payments under our leases, landlords with a contractual or statutory security interest in the assets of the relevant stores may, among other things, repossess those assets, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations. 
 Further, the substantial majority of our leased sites are both currently and in the future expected to be subject to long-term noncancelable leases. If an existing or future store is not profitable and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be obligated to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent and other charges for the balance of the lease term. Even if a lease has an early cancellation clause, we may not satisfy the contractual requirements for early cancellation under that lease and/or be required to pay substantial termination fees. 
 As we expand our store base, particularly in certain markets that are more expensive, such as California and the Northeast, our lease expense and our cash outlays for rent under lease agreements may increase. Our inability to enter into new leases or renew existing leases on terms acceptable to us or be released from our obligations under leases for stores that we close could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Certain technological advances, greater availability of, or increased consumer preferences for, vision correction alternatives to prescription eyeglasses or contact lenses, and future drug development for the correction of vision-related problems may reduce the demand for our products and adversely impact our business and profitability. 
 Technological advances in vision care, including the development of remote medicine and other new or improved products, as well as future drug development for the correction of vision-related problems, could significantly change how eye exams may be conducted and make our existing products less attractive or even obsolete. Although, we have enabled remote medicine technologies in a number of locations to enable the provision of eye examinations by remote doctors to patients in-store, several companies have developed technologies for, and some companies are incorporating the remote delivery of eye examinations and eye refractions more broadly. If consumers accept the use of these technologies, consumers could become less likely to obtain an in-person eye examination and therefore less likely to shop at our retail locations. Additionally, the greater availability and acceptance, or reductions in the cost, of vision correction alternatives to prescription eyeglasses and contact lenses, such as corneal refractive surgery procedures, photo-refractive keratotomy, or PRK and LASIK, may reduce the demand for our products, lower our sales and thereby adversely impact our business and profitability. 

If we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business requires disciplined execution at all levels of our organization. This execution requires an experienced and talented management team. If we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts and abilities of key executive personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition for skilled and experienced management is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining new qualified personnel required to grow and operate our business profitably. 

Our profitability and cash flows may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances and inventory shrinkage. 
 Efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels to meet our customers demands without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs to distribution centers, laboratories and stores to hold the goods unduly impacts our financial results. If our buying and distribution decisions do not accurately predict customer trends or spending levels in general or at particular stores or if we inappropriately price products, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns and discounts to dispose of obsolete or excess inventory or record potential write-downs relating to the value of obsolete or excess inventory. Conversely, if we underestimate future demand for a particular product or do not respond quickly enough to replenish our best performing products, we may have a shortfall in inventory of such products, likely leading to unfulfilled orders, reduced revenue and customer dissatisfaction. 
 Our business is partly dependent on our ability to strategically source a sufficient volume and variety of brand name merchandise at opportunistic pricing. Some of our products are sourced from suppliers or with significantly reduced prices. We are not always able to purchase specific merchandise on a recurring basis and we may not have control over the supply, design, cost or availability of some products we offer for sale in our stores. We also compete with other retailers for discounted merchandise to sell in our stores. To the extent that certain of our suppliers are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of discount merchandise available to us could also be materially reduced, potentially compromising our profit margin for procured merchandise. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Maintaining adequate inventory requires significant attention and monitoring of market trends, local markets, developments with suppliers and our distribution network, and it is not certain that we will be effective in our inventory management. We are subject to the risk of inventory loss or theft and we may experience higher rates of inventory shrinkage or incur increased security costs to combat inventory theft. In addition, any casualty or disruption to our laboratories, distribution centers or stores may damage or destroy our inventory located there. As we expand our operations, it may be more difficult to effectively manage our inventory. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operating results and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal basis. 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. We typically realize a higher portion of net sales during the first half of the fiscal year, due, among other things, to the timing of tax refunds and the impact of healthcare plan resets after the close of the prior year. Adverse events, such as higher unemployment, lapses in or the lack of insurance coverage, delays in the issuance of tax refunds, deteriorating economic conditions, public transportation disruptions, or unanticipated adverse weather or travel conditions can deter consumers from shopping. Any significant decrease in net sales during the first half of the fiscal year could have a material adverse effect on us and could negatively impact our annual results. In addition, in order to prepare for our peak shopping quarters, we must increase the staffing at our stores and order and keep in stock more merchandise than we carry during other parts of the year. This staffing increase and inventory build-up may require us to expend cash faster than is generated by our operations during this period. Any unanticipated decrease in demand for our products during such period could require us to sell excess inventory at a substantial markdown, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our e-commerce and omni-channel business faces distinct risks, and our failure to successfully manage it could have a negative impact on our profitability. 
 As an e-commerce and omni-channel retailer, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses. The successful operation of our business as well as our ability to provide a positive shopping experience that will generate orders and drive subsequent visits depends on efficient and uninterrupted operation of our order-taking and fulfillment operations. Risks associated with our e-commerce and omni-channel business include: 
 uncertainties associated with our websites, mobile applications and in-store systems including changes in required technology interfaces, website downtime and other technical failures, costs and technical issues as we upgrade our website software, inadequate system capacity, computer viruses, human error, security breaches, legal claims related to our website operations and e-commerce fulfillment; 
 disruptions in telephone service or power outages; 
 reliance on third parties for computer hardware and software, web-hosting, as well as delivery of merchandise to our customers; 
 rapid technology changes; 
 time and costs associated with training and implementing new technologies and systems; 
 credit or debit card fraud and other payment processing related issues; 
 changes in applicable federal, state and international regulations; 
 liability for online content; 
 cybersecurity and consumer and HIPAA privacy concerns and regulation; and 
 natural disasters or adverse weather conditions. 
 In addition, we have contractual relationships with several third parties, including Walmart and Sam s Club, whereby we host websites for the online sale of contact lenses and other optical products and perform related back office functions for these parties. We could be exposed to contractual liability to these third parties in the event of a failure, security breach or disruption to these websites or our failure to properly provide the services called for by these agreements. 
 Our online sales also expose us to broader applicability of regulations, as well as additional regulations, such as the prescription verification and other requirements under the FCLCA, rules relating to registration of internet sellers, certain requirements under the Treasury Department s OFAC, FCPA, anti-money laundering and trade sanction laws and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and international trade laws. Problems in any of these areas could result in a reduction in sales, increased costs, sanctions or penalties and damage to our reputation and brands. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we must keep up to date with competitive technology trends, including the use of new or improved technology, creative user interfaces and other e-commerce marketing tools such as paid search and mobile applications, among others, which may increase our costs and which may not increase sales or attract customers. Our competitors, some of whom have greater resources than we do, may also be able to benefit from changes in e-commerce technologies, which could harm our competitive position. If we are unable to allow real-time and accurate visibility to product availability when customers are ready to purchase, quickly and efficiently fulfill our customers orders using the fulfillment and payment methods they demand, provide a convenient and consistent experience for our customers regardless of the ultimate sales channel or effectively manage our online sales, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, if our e-commerce and omni-channel business successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing customers, rather than new customers, who choose to purchase products from us online rather than from our brick and mortar stores, thereby detracting from the financial performance of our stores. 

We depend on our distribution centers and optical laboratories. The loss of, or disruption in the operations of, one or more of these facilities may adversely affect our ability to process and fulfill customer orders and deliver our products in a timely manner, or at all, and may result in quality issues, which would adversely affect our reputation, our business and our profitability. 
 Substantially all of our inventory is shipped directly from suppliers to our two distribution centers in Lawrenceville, Georgia and Columbus, Ohio. Inventory is then processed, sorted and shipped using third-party carriers to our stores, to our laboratories for further processing, to our online customers or to Walmart stores and Sam s Club locations. We operate laboratory facilities in Lawrenceville, Georgia; St. Cloud, Minnesota; Plano, Texas; and Salt Lake City, Utah. We also have outsourcing relationships with third-party laboratories in Mexico and China. These laboratories process most of the lenses ordered by our customers in our stores, as well as on our websites. Once processed at the laboratories, the finished products are returned to our distribution centers for shipment to stores, our customers or our business partners. 
 We depend in large part on the orderly operation of this receiving and distribution process, which depends, in turn, on adherence to shipping schedules and effective management of our distribution centers. Increase in transportation costs (including increases in fuel costs), increased shipping costs, issues with overseas shipments, supplier-side delays, reductions in the transportation capacity of carriers, labor strikes or shortages in the transportation industry, disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure and unexpected delivery interruptions or delays also have the potential to derail our distribution process. We face additional risks related to the laboratories in China and Mexico, including port of entry risks such as longshoremen strikes, import restrictions, foreign government regulations, trade restrictions, customs and duties. 
 If we change the transportation companies we use, we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely affect deliveries and we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. We also may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the third-party transportation providers we currently use, which could increase our costs. We also may not anticipate changing demands on our distribution system, including the effect of any expansion we may need to implement in our distribution centers. 
 Events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, disruptions in operations due to natural or man-made disasters, inclement weather conditions, accidents, system failures, or public health emergencies could also result in delays in our receipt of inventory and the delivery of merchandise between our stores, our optical laboratories and our distribution centers, significantly higher costs and longer lead times or an adverse effect on our ability to fulfill customer orders in a timely manner. Any disruption to the laboratories operations may reduce or impair the quality of assembled eyeglasses. 
 The inability to fulfill, or any delays in processing, customer orders through our laboratory network or any quality issues could result in the loss of customers, issuances of refunds or credits and may also adversely affect our reputation. The insurance we maintain for business interruption may not cover all risk, or be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses, may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and any insurance proceeds may not be paid to us in a timely manner. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We may incur losses arising from our investments in technological innovators in the optical retail industry, which would negatively affect our financial results. 
 We are regularly presented with opportunities to invest and have invested in certain venture-backed emerging companies and technological innovators across the optical retail industry. Such investments could include equity or debt instruments in companies that may be non-marketable. The success of these companies may depend on product development, market acceptance, operational efficiency and other key business factors. If any of these companies fail, we could lose all or part of our investment in that company. If we determine that impairment indicators exist and that there are other-than-temporary declines in the fair value of the investment, we may be required to write down the investments to their fair value and recognize the related write-down as an investment loss. 

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, including those related to climate change, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders have increasingly focused on the ESG practices of companies in recent years. As we published our second Corporate Responsibility Report in 2022 and continue to develop our corporate responsibility strategy, our ESG practices will be evaluated against stakeholders evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate citizenship. If our practices in the areas of social impact, employee empowerment, environmental stewardship and corporate governance fail to meet such expectations and standards, our reputation and employee and customer retention may be negatively impacted. Additionally, increased regulatory requirements regarding climate and ESG disclosures, as well as environmental stewardship could also lead to increased operational costs. If we do not adapt to new regulations or meet evolving stakeholder expectations on ESG issues, investors may reconsider their investment in the company and customers may choose to find alternative providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changing climate and weather patterns leading to severe weather and disasters may cause significant business interruptions and expenditures. 
 Severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena resulting from changing weather patterns and rising sea levels or other causes, including hurricanes, floods, fires, landslides, extreme temperatures, significant precipitation, and earthquakes, may result in damage to our stores or other facilities and unavailability of our workforce. Additionally, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity or duration of certain adverse weather conditions, which could cause more significant business interruptions that result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues. Such losses could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business, including for example, leading to increased costs (or unavailability) of property or other insurance policies. Additionally, changes in federal or state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing stores and other facilities and could also require us to spend more on new stores or facilities without a corresponding increase in revenue. 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 
 We face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced and are dependent on a limited number of suppliers. 
 We purchase all of our merchandise from domestic and international vendors. For our business to be successful, our suppliers must be willing and able to provide us with products in substantial quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements, at acceptable costs and on a timely basis. Our ability to obtain a sufficient selection or volume of merchandise on a timely basis at competitive prices could suffer as a result of any deterioration or change in our vendor relationships or events that adversely affect our vendors. 
 Other than our contracts for the supply of spectacle lenses and our private label contact lenses, we typically do not enter into long-term contracts with our vendors and, as such, we operate without significant contractual assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new products. Any of our vendors could discontinue supplying us with desired products in sufficient quantities or offer us less favorable terms on future transactions for a variety of reasons. The benefits we currently experience from our vendor relationships could be adversely affected if our vendors: 
 discontinue selling merchandise to us; 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 enter into arrangements with competitors that could impair our ability to sell their products, including by giving our competitors exclusivity arrangements or limiting our access to certain products; 
 sell similar or identical products to our competitors with similar or better pricing, some of whom may already purchase merchandise in significantly greater volume and at lower prices than we do; 
 raise the prices they charge us; 
 refuse to allow us to return merchandise purchased from them; 
 change pricing terms to require us to pay on delivery or upfront, including as a result of changes in the credit relationships some of our vendors have with their various lending institutions; 
 lengthen their lead times; or 
 initiate or expand sales of their products to retail customers directly through their own stores, catalogs or on the Internet and compete with us directly. 
 Events that adversely impact our vendors could impair our ability to obtain adequate and timely supplies. Such events include, among others, difficulties or problems associated with our vendors business, the financial instability and labor problems of vendors, merchandise quality and safety issues, natural or man-made disasters, inclement weather conditions, war, acts of terrorism and other political instability, economic conditions, shipment issues, the availability of raw materials and increased production costs. Our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy. The occurrence of one or more of these events could impact our ability to get products to our customers, result in disruptions to our operations, increase our costs and decrease our profitability. 
 We also source merchandise directly from suppliers outside of the United States. Additionally, a significant amount of our domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. Global sourcing and foreign trade involve numerous factors and uncertainties beyond our control including increased shipping costs, the imposition of additional import or trade restrictions, including legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers ability to produce and deliver products, increased custom duties and tariffs, unforeseen delays in customs clearance of goods, more restrictive quotas, loss of a most favored nation trading status, currency exchange rates, transportation delays, port of entry issues and foreign government regulations, political instability, public health emergencies and economic uncertainties in the countries from which we or our vendors source our products. Moreover, negative press or reports about internationally manufactured products may sway public opinion, and thus customer confidence, away from the products sold in our stores. These and other issues affecting our international vendors or internationally manufactured merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If the U.S. were to withdraw from or materially modify any other international trade agreements to which it is a party or if the U.S. imposes significant additional tariffs or other restrictions on imports from China and Mexico, where our outsourced optical laboratories are located and where the majority of our frames are sourced and manufactured, it could have an adverse impact on our business. Any such tariffs, restrictions or other changes could lead to additional costs, delays in shipments, embargoes and other uncertainties that could negatively impact our relationships with our international vendors and labs and materially adversely affect our business, including by requiring us to increase our prices and identify alternative sources for merchandise and labs. For example, we source merchandise from suppliers located in China, a significant amount of domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured in China, and one of our outsourced third-party laboratories is located in China. Historically, tariffs have not materially affected our financial results, and we believe that less than 10 of costs applicable to revenue are subject to tariffs on Chinese imports. Effective September 1, 2019, the U.S. government implemented a 15 tariff on specified products imported into the U.S. from China and effective February 14, 2020, the 15 tariff was reduced to 7.5 . In June 2020, the U.S. government granted a temporary exclusion for plastic and metal frames with a retroactive effective date of September 1, 2019, and such exclusion expired in September 2020. Given the current U.S. presidential administration, there is uncertainty whether there will be, and the resulting impacts of, any changes to U.S. government trade policy. While we have implemented mitigation plans and continue to focus on additional mitigation strategies to offset the impact of tariffs, costs with respect to products subject to these tariffs have increased. If we are unable to mitigate the full impact of the enacted tariffs or if there is a further escalation of tariffs, costs on a significant portion of our products may increase further and our financial results may be negatively affected. 
 Material changes in the pricing practices of our suppliers could negatively impact our profitability. For example, we have in the past been subject to the unilateral pricing policies implemented by certain contact lens manufacturers, which policies mandated the minimum prices at which certain contact lenses could be sold to consumers. Such manufacturers could refuse to supply us with their products if they deemed us in breach of such policies. Our vendors may also increase their pricing if their raw materials became more expensive. The raw materials used to manufacture our products are subject to availability constraints and price volatility. Our vendors may pass the increase in sourcing costs to us through price increases, thereby impacting our margins. We have faced such price 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 increases previously and could face material changes in the future, impacting our ability to continue to provide our products at competitive prices to customers. 
 
 In addition, some of our vendors may not have the capacity to supply us with sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans, especially if we need significantly greater amounts of inventory. In such cases, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will depend in part upon our ability to develop new vendor relationships. 
 Some of our suppliers are owned by vertically-integrated companies with retail divisions that compete with us and, as such, we are exposed to the risk that these suppliers may not be willing, or may become unwilling, to sell their products to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 We rely on a limited number of vendors to supply the majority of our eyeglass lenses and contact lenses and are thus exposed to concentration of supplier risk. In particular, we have agreed to exclusively purchase almost all of our spectacle lenses from one supplier. During fiscal year 2022, 87 of lens expenditures were from this vendor and 92 of contact lens expenditures were with three vendors. We are less exposed to a supplier risk for our eyeglass frames as only 53 of frame expenditures were with two vendors. If we were to lose any significant supplier, we may be unable to establish additional or replacement sources for our products that meet our quality controls and standards in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. As a few major suppliers dominate the optical retail industry, the risks associated with finding alternative sources may be exacerbated. For example, effective October 1, 2018, Essilor and Luxottica completed their merger to become EssilorLuxottica, which exacerbates our concentration of supplier risk. 

Future operational success depends on our ability to develop, maintain and extend relationships with managed vision care companies, vision insurance providers and other third-party payors. 
 An increasing percentage of our customers receive vision insurance coverage through managed care payors. These payors represent an increasingly significant portion of our overall revenues and our revenue growth and represented approximately one third of our overall revenues in fiscal year 2022. While we have relationships with almost all vision care insurers in the United States and with all of the major carriers, currently, a relatively small number of payors comprise the majority of our managed care revenues, subjecting us to concentration risk. Our future operational success could depend on our ability to negotiate contracts with managed vision care companies, vision insurance providers and other third-party payors, several of whom have significant market share. As our managed care business continues to expand, we have incurred and expect to incur additional costs related to this area of our business. In addition, as our managed care business continues to grow closer to overall industry penetration levels, we expect our associated revenue growth rate to slow over time. 
 We may be unable to establish or maintain satisfactory relationships with managed care and other third-party payors. In addition, many managed care payors have existing provider structures in place that they may be unable or unwilling to change. Some vertically-integrated payors also have their own networks, and these payors may take actions to maintain or protect these networks in ways that negatively affect us, including by increasing costs or not allowing our new or existing stores to participate in their networks. Increasing consolidation in the optical retail industry may give such payors greater market power which may adversely affect our ability to negotiate reimbursement rates under managed care arrangements. Our inability to enter into arrangements with managed care payors in the future or to maintain existing relationships with managed care payors on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, delays in receiving or the failure to receive reimbursements under our managed care arrangements, significant changes to the economics of a managed care contract or relationship or the loss of a significant managed care contract or relationship could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely heavily on our information technology systems, as well as those of our vendors, for our business to effectively operate and to safeguard confidential information; any significant failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operations. 
 We rely heavily on our information technology systems for many functions across our operations, including managing our supply chain and inventory, processing customer transactions in our stores, allocating lens processing jobs to the appropriate laboratories, providing and maintaining our remote medicine and EHR platform, our financial accounting and reporting systems, operating our websites, and human resources administration. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the sourcing, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems. We also collect, process and store sensitive and confidential information, including our proprietary business information and that of our customers, associates, 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 suppliers and business partners, including Walmart and Sam s Club. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. 
 Our systems may be subject to damage or interruption from power outages or damages, telecommunications problems, data corruption, software errors, network failures, acts of war or terrorist attacks, fire, flood, ransomware and natural disasters. Our existing safety systems, data backup, access protection, user management and information technology emergency planning may not be sufficient to prevent data loss or long-term network outages. In addition, we may have to upgrade our existing information technology systems or choose to incorporate new technology systems from time to time in order for such systems to support the increasing needs of our expanding business. Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. 
 Our systems and those of our third-party service providers and business partners may be vulnerable to security breaches, attacks by hackers, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, human errors or other similar events and are from time to time subject to such attacks. Security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking have become more prevalent across industries and are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated organized groups and individuals. We may face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the increased number of employees working remotely following the pandemic. If unauthorized parties gain access to our networks or databases, or those of our third-party service providers or business partners, they may be able to steal, publish, delete, use inappropriately or modify our private and sensitive third-party information including protected health information, payment card information and personal identification information. In addition, associates may intentionally or inadvertently cause data or security breaches that result in unauthorized release of sensitive or confidential information. Because the techniques used to circumvent security systems can be highly sophisticated, change frequently, are often not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address all possible techniques or implement adequate preventive measures for all situations. Like most corporations, the Company s systems are a target of attacks. Although the incidents that we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Any such breach, attack, virus or other event could result in costly investigations and litigation exceeding applicable insurance coverage or contractual rights available to us, civil or criminal penalties, operational changes or other response measures, loss of consumer confidence in our security measures, and negative publicity that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems or those of our third-party service providers and business partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on third-party coverage and reimbursement, including government programs, for an increasing portion of our revenues, the future reduction of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We rely on third-party coverage and reimbursement, including government and private insurance plans, such as managed vision care plans, for an increasing portion of our net revenue. We are generally reimbursed for the vision care services and products that we provide through payment systems managed by private insurance companies, managed care organizations and governmental agencies. Coverage and payment levels are determined at each third-party payor s discretion, and we have limited control over third-party payor s decision-making with respect to coverage and payment levels. Coverage restrictions and reductions in reimbursement levels or payment methodologies may negatively impact our sales and profits. Many third-party payors may continue to explore cost-containment strategies that may potentially impact coverage and/or payment levels for our services and products and impose utilization restrictions and risk-based compensation arrangements. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to maintain or increase our participation in managed care arrangements or that we will be adequately reimbursed by managed care payors, vision insurance providers and other third-party payors for the services we provide and the products we sell. From time to time, vision care insurance payors may make changes to their EDI claim systems. Such changes may require us to update our processes and could impact our ability to submit claims or to timely receive reimbursements from our managed care partners. If claims for payment are disputed by managed care payors or if we fail to timely or accurately submit claims, we may not receive payment for such claims in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our relationship with managed care organizations and could require us to take write-offs or otherwise have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, any changes to or repeal of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or any other significant changes to the healthcare regulatory landscape may reduce or eliminate coverage or reimbursement rates of insurance-funded eye exams or eyewear. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 
 We are subject to extensive state, local and federal vision care and healthcare laws and regulations and failure to adhere to such laws and regulations would adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to extensive state, local and federal vision care and healthcare laws and regulations. See Part I. Item 1. Business-Government Regulation. The laws applicable to us are also subject to evolving interpretations. As such, we must monitor our compliance with laws in every jurisdiction in which we operate on an ongoing basis and we cannot guarantee that subsequent interpretation of, or changes to, the applicable laws will not negatively affect our business operations. 
 For example, the arrangements we have implemented with optometrists and professional corporations or similar entities owned by eye care practitioners could subject us to scrutiny by federal and state regulatory bodies regarding federal and state anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, or other laws. In addition, our failure, or the failure of vision care professionals who are our associates or with whom we have contractual arrangements, to obtain and maintain appropriate licenses could result in the unavailability of vision care professionals in or near our stores, loss of sales and/or the closure of our stores without licensed professionals, as well as fines and penalties for dispensing prescription eyewear without such licensed professionals. 
 Additionally, our ability to recruit, hire and/or contract with vision care professionals is closely regulated. For example, there is a risk that state authorities in some jurisdictions may find that our contractual relationships with optometrists or professional corporations or similar entities that employ optometrists violate laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine/optometry, in which case we may be required to restructure these arrangements, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain their services. See Item 1. Business-Government Regulation. 
 State legislators and regulators may also be reluctant to accept telehealth and remote medicine as an additional way to provide access to quality patient care. Recently, there has been an increase in legislative and rulemaking activity that creates disparity across jurisdictions on how telehealth is regulated and how we are able to implement our remote medicine solution. Our ability to launch our remote medicine solution in certain jurisdictions or in the most cost-efficient manner is highly dependent on the evolution of these state-by-state requirements and restrictions. We have already seen some states take positions on telehealth that significantly limit our ability to deploy our current remote medicine solution, or that prohibit the use of telehealth by optometrists to conduct eye examinations. The ever-changing regulatory landscape may cause disruption as we launch our remote medicine solution in various states, causing us to significantly reconfigure the solution or potentially decide to not deploy in that particular state. This may have an abrupt and material effect on our business operations or financial status. If a legal challenge to our chosen remote medicine solution were successful, and we are unable to modify the model to comply with the requirements but still meet the needs of patients and optometrists, this may have a material effect on our business operations or financial status in that jurisdiction. We cannot provide any assurances that we will not be subject to reprimands, sanctions, probation, fines, suspension or revocation of operating or business permits, or that our ability to offer remote medicine services in that jurisdiction will not be challenged. We also may be the subject of administrative complaints or actions in the future. Our ability to recruit optometrists who are willing and able to provide telehealth services where permitted may be affected by their respective licensing authorities or state optometry boards or associations view on telehealth practice. We must continuously monitor legislative and rulemaking activities for changes in the telehealth requirements and work with various stakeholders to educate lawmakers on how remote optometry services may be provided safely and effectively. We cannot guarantee that our interpretation of existing or future requirements is aligned with how regulators may interpret such requirements, and we cannot assure that, if challenged, our current telehealth solution will be found to be in compliance with the law. 
 We must comply with the FCLCA and its implementing regulations with respect to verifying contact lens prescriptions in connection with our online sales of contact lenses. Our extended warranty plans may subject us to state laws, which vary by state, that regulate the sale of product service contracts or insurance-like arrangements. It is possible that regulators in certain states could determine that our warranty plans should be subject to these laws and mandate that we comply with various registration, disclosure and financial requirements. In such event, we could be required to incur enhanced compliance costs, as well as the risk of cease and desist orders and monetary penalties. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Our participation in federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, requires us to comply with laws regarding the way in which we conduct business and submit claims. These laws include the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which attaches criminal liability to unlawful inducements for the referral of business reimbursable under federally-funded healthcare programs; the federal physician self-referral laws, which attach repayment and monetary damages where a healthcare service provider seeks reimbursement for providing certain services to a patient who was referred by a physician that has certain types of direct or indirect financial relationships with such service provider; and the FCA, which attaches per-claim liability and potentially treble damages to the filing of false claims for payment under federally funded programs. Many states have also adopted similar laws that apply to any third-party payor including commercial plans. Our operating results could be negatively impacted by developments in these areas due to the costs of compliance in addition to possible civil and criminal penalties, litigation and exclusion from government healthcare programs in the event of deemed noncompliance. 
 In addition, a person who offers or transfers to a federal healthcare program beneficiary any remuneration, including the transfer of items or services for free or other than fair market value, that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services, may be liable for significant civil monetary penalties. Although this prohibition applies only to federal healthcare program beneficiaries; the provision of free items and services to patients covered by commercial payors may implicate applicable state laws related to, among other things, unlawful schemes to defraud, excessive fees for services, tortious interference with patient contracts and statutory or common law fraud. In addition, state regulators or boards of optometry may also challenge our promotional practices, including America s Best s bundled offers, as, among other things, violating applicable state laws regarding unfair competition, false advertising to consumers, or corporation practice of optometry prohibitions. To the extent our promotional programs are found to be inconsistent with applicable laws, we may be required to restructure or discontinue such programs, or be subject to other significant penalties. 
 Eyeglasses and contact lenses are regulated as medical devices in the United States by the FDA, and under the FDC Act, such medical devices must meet a number of regulatory requirements. We do not hold any marketing authorizations for the eyeglasses and contact lenses that we sell as we serve as the retailer for third-party manufacturers devices. We cannot provide assurance that such third-party manufacturers eyeglasses or contact lenses we sell comply with these regulatory requirements. We also engage in certain manufacturing, repackaging and relabeling activities that subject us to direct oversight by the FDA under the FDC Act and its implementing regulations. If we, or any of the third-party manufacturers whose products we sell, fail to comply with applicable requirements, we or they may be subject to legal action by the U.S. Department of Justice, on behalf of the FDA and/or various forms of FDA enforcement and compliance actions, which include recalls, fines, penalties, injunctions, seizures, prosecutions, adverse publicity (such as FDA press releases) or other adverse actions. 
 Our failure to comply with the applicable regulations could have severe consequences, including the closure of our stores, possible breaches of the agreements relating to certain of our brands, changes to our way of doing business and the imposition of fines and penalties. 

We are subject to managed vision care laws and regulations. 
 We are engaged in managed vision care, both as a managed care entity through our subsidiary, FirstSight, and as a provider to managed care payors and insurers, and are subject to additional regulations as a result. FirstSight is licensed as a single-service HMO and is subject to the managed care laws of the State of California and is comprehensively regulated by the DMHC. FirstSight s failure to comply with the regulations and requirements under such managed care laws may result in the imposition of various sanctions, including the suspension or revocation of FirstSight s license, civil penalties and appointment of a receiver, among others. Material changes to the operations of FirstSight, including the opening of America s Best locations outside of defined service areas, must be approved by the DMHC. This approval process can be complex and can cause delays in the projected opening of our stores. The sale of managed care products by FirstSight is essential to our expansion of America s Best in California, and the suspension or loss of our license or our failure to otherwise comply with applicable regulatory requirements could have a material adverse impact on our expansion plans in California. 
 In addition, our Eyecare Club programs may be subject to regulation under managed care and related state laws, including those of California, where these programs are offered by FirstSight. Our Eyecare Club programs may also subject us to state statutes regulating discount medical plans, requiring the licensing or registration of organizations that provide discounted access to health care providers. It is possible that state regulators could determine that we are operating as a discount medical plan and as such are subject to various registration, disclosure and solvency requirements. We could incur increased compliance costs as a result. We would also be subject to the risk of cease and desist orders and monetary penalties. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to rapidly changing and increasingly stringent laws, regulations, contractual obligations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data security and data protection. The restrictions and costs imposed by these laws and other obligations, or our actual or perceived failure to comply with them, could subject us to liabilities that adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance. 
 We are subject to HIPAA, the HITECH Act and the health data privacy, security and breach notification regulations issued pursuant to these statutes, which govern our collection, use, access, disclosure, transmission and/or storage of PHI, in connection with the sales of our products and services, customer service, billing and employment practices, as well as our operations as a business associate to multiple healthcare providers. HIPAA has several rules with which we must comply, including the HIPAA Privacy, Security, and Breach Notification rules. Each of these rules sets forth specific standards and controls that covered entities and business associates must implement, and ongoing implementation of these requirements take significant time, effort, and resources, including external resources to audit compliance against these rules. While we take precautions to detect and prevent non-compliance among our employees, subcontractors, and service providers, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct related to unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or destruction of PHI. 
 
 In addition, there are existing state privacy, security and breach notification laws and regulations that apply to both PHI and PII collected and/or processed by us. These existing laws and regulations may be amended and states may adopt new laws or regulations regarding consumer data privacy and individual rights to their data (such as rights to request a business for access to, deletion or modification of, or a portable copy of such individual s personal information). In the states that have already implemented comprehensive consumer privacy and data protection laws, individuals also have the right to receive detailed information about how their personal information is used and shared with service providers, contractors, and third parties. Moreover, such individuals can opt out of the sharing of their personal information and restrict the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies for non-essential purposes. Our failure to effectively implement the required or addressable data privacy and security safeguards, breach notification procedures, and implement consumer data rights processes, or our failure to accurately anticipate the application or interpretation of these statutes, regulations and standards, could lead to invalidation or modification of our agreements with optometrists or professional corporations or similar entities owned by eye care practitioners, create material civil and/or criminal liability for us or require us to change our business practices, which could result in adverse publicity and loss of consumer trust, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements across our business. For instance, as an entity that collects and maintains personally identifiable information and protected health information, we could be forced, in the event of a data breach, to report the breach not only to affected customers, but also to various public agencies and media outlets, potentially harming our reputation and our business. Our business partners may have contractual rights of indemnification against us or seek to terminate our contracts with them in the event that their customer or proprietary business information is released as a result of a breach of our information technology. Additionally, business partners may also face a data breach, allowing for our customer or proprietary business information to be released, could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our security measures, harm our business and also lead to costly investigations and litigation. Such a data breach of a business partner also may not be adequately covered under contractual rights of indemnification or cyber insurance. Further, if we are unable to comply with the security standards established by banks and the payment card industry, we may be subject to fines, restrictions and expulsion from card acceptance programs, which could adversely affect our retail operations. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change and vary from state-to-state, we may incur additional compliance costs. 

We could be adversely affected by product liability, product recall or personal injury issues. 
 We could be adversely impacted by the supply of defective products, including the infiltration of counterfeit products into the supply chain and contamination or product mishandling issues. Product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products we sell or services we provide. The provision of professional eye care services by the vision care professionals employed by us or with whom we have contractual arrangements also increases our exposure to professional liability claims. There is a risk that these claims may exceed, or fall outside the scope of, our insurance coverage. In addition, a government or other regulatory agency could require us or one of our vendors or suppliers to remove a particular product from the market for, among other reasons, failure to adhere to product safety requirements or quality control standards. Product recalls can result in the disposal or write-off of merchandise, harm our reputation and cause us to lose customers, particularly if those recalls cause consumers to question the performance, quality, safety or reliability of our products. Any significant returns or warranty claims, as well as the timing of such returns or claims, could result in significant additional costs to us and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on our suppliers to control the quality of both eyeglass components and contact lenses. We are not involved in the manufacture of the merchandise we purchase from our vendors for sale to our customers, and we do not independently investigate whether these vendors legally hold sufficient intellectual property rights to the merchandise that they are manufacturing or distributing. Our ability to seek recourse for liabilities and recover costs from our vendors depends on our contractual rights as well as on the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. Moreover, we engage in certain manufacturing, repackaging and relabeling activities at our optical laboratories and at certain Eyeglass World stores. If the products that we manufacture, repackage, or relabel are defective or otherwise result in product liability or personal injury claims against us, our business could be adversely affected and we could be subject to adverse regulatory action. 
 If our merchandise or services do not meet applicable governmental safety standards or our customers expectations regarding quality or safety, we could experience lost sales and increased costs, be exposed to legal and reputational risk and face fines or penalties which could materially adversely affect our financial results. 

Failure to comply with laws, regulations and enforcement activities or changes in statutory, regulatory, accounting and other legal requirements could potentially impact our operating and financial results. 
 In addition to the vision care and healthcare laws and regulations discussed above, we are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and governmental regulations including those relating to environmental protection, building, land use and zoning requirements, workplace regulations, wage and hour, privacy and information security, consumer protection laws, immigration and employment law matters. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, or if these laws or regulations are violated by importers, manufacturers or distributors, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. 
 Further, the FTC has authority to investigate and prosecute practices that constitute unfair trade practices, deceptive trade practices or unfair methods of competition. State attorneys generals typically have comparable authority, and many states also permit private plaintiffs to bring actions on the basis of these laws. Federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations may apply to our operations and retail offers. For example, our America s Best offer of a free eye exam is subject to compliance with laws and regulations governing the use of this term. 
 Our transactions with vendors engaged in international trade including the non-U.S. laboratories we contract with may subject us to the FCPA and trade sanction laws, and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and international trade laws, any violation of which could create substantial liability for us and also harm our reputation. 
 Our four laboratories in the United States and our in-store laboratories at our Eyeglass World locations subject us to various federal, state and local laws, regulations and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment, public health and associate safety, including regulations governing the management of hazardous substances and the maintenance of safe working conditions, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended. These laws also apply generally to all our properties. Our failure to comply with these laws can subject us to criminal and civil liabilities. In connection with our Vista Optical military locations, we must comply with regulations governing the occupancy of military bases. In connection with our philanthropic endeavors, we must also comply with additional federal, state and local tax and other laws and regulations. 
 Additionally, because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the PCI Standard issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council, with respect to payment card information. The PCI Standard contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. Compliance with the PCI Standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology such as those necessary to achieve compliance with the PCI Standard or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. We rely on third-party vendors to handle PCI matters and ensure compliance. Any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there are amendments to the PCI Standard, the cost of re-compliance could also be substantial and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations as a result. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Adverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to our business operations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we are subject to allegations, and may be party to legal claims and regulatory proceedings, relating to our business operations. See Part I. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Such allegations, claims and proceedings may be brought by third parties, including our shareholders, customers, associates, governmental or regulatory bodies or competitors and may include class actions. Defending against such claims and proceedings is costly and time consuming and may divert management s attention and personnel resources from our normal business operations, and the outcome of many of these claims and proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these claims or proceedings were to be determined adversely to us, a judgment, a fine or a settlement involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur, or injunctive relief were issued against us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business. 
 Our ability to implement our business plan successfully depends in part on our ability to further build brand recognition using our trademarks, service marks and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logos. While it is our policy to protect and defend vigorously our rights to our intellectual property, we cannot predict whether steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent infringement or misappropriation of these rights. It may be difficult for us to prevent others from copying elements of our products and any litigation to enforce our rights could be costly, divert attention of management, and may not be successful. Although we believe that we have sufficient rights to all of our trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property rights, we may face claims of infringement that could interfere with our ability to market and promote our brands. Any such litigation may be costly and divert resources from our business. Moreover, if we are unable to successfully defend against such claims, we may be prevented from using our trademarks, service marks or other intellectual property rights in the future and may be liable for damages, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our business and financial position, including limiting our business flexibility and preventing us from meeting our debt obligations. 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 552.5 million of aggregate principal amount of indebtedness associated with our first lien term loan in the aggregate principal amount of 150.0 million (the term loan and 402.5 million of 2.50 convertible senior notes due on May 15, 2025 (the 2025 Notes outstanding (excluding finance lease obligations). Our leverage could have important consequences for us, including: 
 requiring us to utilize a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry, or competitive developments; 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including any financial maintenance and restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
 restricting us from capitalizing on business opportunities; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, execution of our business strategy, debt service requirements, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; and 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future and is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled principal and interest payments in the future, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures or seek additional equity. The terms of our existing or future debt agreements may also restrict us from affecting any of these alternatives. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. Further, changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing, make it more difficult to obtain favorable terms, or restrict our access to these sources of future liquidity. In addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on our ability to satisfy our obligations in respect of our indebtedness. 

A change in interest rates or replacement of LIBOR and other benchmark rates, or uncertainty related to the potential for any of the foregoing, may adversely affect our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 150.0 million of term loan borrowings were subject to variable interest rates, with a weighted average borrowing rate of 3.1 . In fiscal year 2021, following the maturity of the interest rate swaps, the interest rate collar hedged some of the variability in Company s interest rates. A decrease in LIBOR, or any alternative rate, below a certain threshold could require payments to the counterparty of our interest rate collar derivative and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. An increase in interest rates, whether because of an increase in market interest rates or a decrease in our creditworthiness, could also increase the cost of servicing our debt and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. 
 On January 1, 2022, the publication of the one-week and two-months U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities and all non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities ceased and the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities will cease immediately after June 30, 2023. Accordingly, many existing LIBOR obligations will transition to another benchmark after June 30, 2023 or, in some cases, have already transitioned. In 2021, we amended our credit agreement to, among other things, add customary LIBOR replacement provisions which will come into effect upon discontinuation of LIBOR. It is not possible to know what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may have on the financial markets for LIBOR-linked financial instruments. Uncertainty regarding LIBOR could result in pricing volatility, adverse tax or accounting impacts, compliance, legal and operational costs. 

Our credit agreement contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 Our credit agreement imposes significant operating and financial restrictions. These covenants may limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries, under certain circumstances, to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 create or incur liens; 
 engage in certain fundamental changes, including mergers or consolidations; 
 sell or transfer assets; 
 pay dividends and distributions on our subsidiaries capital stock; 
 make acquisitions, investments, loans or advances; 
 pay or modify the terms of certain indebtedness; 
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and 
 enter into negative pledge clauses and clauses restricting subsidiary distributions. 
 Our credit agreement also contains certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default, including a change of control and financial maintenance covenants prohibiting us from exceeding a certain total leverage ratio or falling below a certain interest coverage ratio. As a result of these covenants and restrictions, we are limited in how we conduct our business, and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. The terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above as well as others contained in our future debt instruments from time to time could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their maturity dates. In addition, any event of default or declaration of acceleration under one debt instrument could also result in an event of default under one or more of our other debt instruments. If we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under our secured debt, the holders of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure such indebtedness, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Conversion of the 2025 Notes could dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 On May 12, 2020, we completed the issuance of the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock at our election, based on the applicable conversion rate at such time. Prior to February 15, 2025, the 2025 Notes are convertible at the option of the holders of such notes under certain circumstances as provided in the governing indenture and, as of December 31, 2022, those circumstances were in effect. Based on the initial conversion rate of the 2025 Notes, which is subject to adjustment, the 2025 Notes are convertible into 12.9 million shares of our common stock with a maximum possible issuance of 16.5 million shares. The conversion of some or all of the 2025 Notes could dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we elect to deliver shares of our common stock upon conversion of any of the 2025 Notes. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Common Stock 
 
 Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile and subject to fluctuations due to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including those listed under these Risk Factors, and the following: 
 actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations; 
 changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, including announcements by us, our competitors, our suppliers or our Host and Legacy organizations of significant contracts, price reductions, new products or technologies, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures, other strategic relationships or capital commitments; 
 changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole and, in particular, in the consumer spending environment; 
 changes in business or regulatory conditions; 
 investor perceptions of or the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 
 announcements relating to litigation or governmental investigations; 
 guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or our failure to meet this guidance; 
 Furthermore, the stock market may experience extreme volatility that, in some cases, may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. 
 We are and may in the future be the target of securities-related litigation. Litigation can divert our management s attention and resources, result in substantial costs, and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 We maintain director and officer insurance to mitigate the risks associated with potential claims; however, we are responsible for meeting certain deductibles under such policies, and there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will adequately protect us from all claims made against us. Further, as a result of the litigation, the costs of insurance may increase, and the availability of coverage may decrease. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our current levels of insurance at a reasonable cost, or at all, which might make it more difficult to attract qualified 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 candidates to serve as executive officers or directors. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business and materially damage our reputation. 

Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock, investors may not receive any return on investment unless they sell their common stock for a price greater than that which they paid for it. 
 We have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on our common stock will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, including restrictions under our credit agreement and other indebtedness we may incur, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. As a result, investors may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless they sell our common stock for a price greater than their purchase price. 

We are a holding company with no operations of our own and, as such, we depend on our subsidiaries for cash to fund all of our operations and expenses, including future dividend payments, if any. 
 Our operations are conducted entirely through our subsidiaries and our ability to generate cash to meet our debt service obligations or to make future dividend payments, if any, is highly dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries via dividends or intercompany loans. We do not currently expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future; however, to the extent that we determine in the future to pay dividends on our common stock, the agreements governing our indebtedness may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt, or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 
 advance notice requirements for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; and 
 certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings. 
 These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 

Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue and designate shares of our preferred stock in additional series without stockholder approval. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors, without the approval of our stockholders, to issue 50,000,000 shares of our preferred stock, subject to limitations prescribed by applicable law, rules and regulations and the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as shares of preferred stock in series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The powers, preferences and rights of these additional series of preferred stock may be senior to or on parity with our common stock, which may reduce its value. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, associates or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other associate or stockholder of our company to the Company or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other associates or stockholders which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 Application of the choice of forum provision may be limited in some instances by law. Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act provides for exclusive federal court jurisdiction over Exchange Act claims. Accordingly, to the extent the exclusive forum provision is held to cover a shareholder derivative action asserting claims under the Exchange Act, such claims could not be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery and would instead be within the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the District of Delaware. Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Moreover, our stockholders will not be deemed by operation of our choice of forum provision to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Maintaining the requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company governance and reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with our compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as rules and regulations implemented by the SEC, and costs in connection with continued listing on Nasdaq. Our efforts to comply with these rules and regulations have significantly increased our legal and financial compliance costs, including costs associated with the hiring of additional personnel, and have made some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly. Our management devotes a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements, diverting the attention of management away from revenue-producing activities. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. These laws and regulations also could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees or as our executive officers. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 
 Ineffective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price, and could result in our financial statements becoming unreliable. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and financial results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they downgrade our stock or our sector, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock or our industry, or change their views regarding the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts stop covering us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 We lease all of our America s Best and Eyeglass World retail stores. Our leases generally have noncancelable lease terms of between five and 10 years, with an option to renew for additional terms of one to 10 years or more. Over the past few years, we have been entering into more leases with 10 year initial terms, with renewal options. Most leases for these retail stores provide for a minimum rent, typically with escalating rent increases. In certain circumstances we pay a percentage rent based upon sales after certain minimum thresholds are achieved. These leases generally require us to pay insurance, utilities, real estate taxes and common area maintenance expenses. 
 We occupy our Host and Legacy locations through master agreements with our Host partners, which contain standard terms and conditions, such as fixed and percentage-based payments. 
 A summary of our stores by location as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 State America s Best Eyeglass World Legacy Other State America s Best Eyeglass World Legacy Other AK 1 7 MT 1 AL 22 1 3 3 NC 21 36 2 AR 1 ND AZ 27 11 9 2 NE 5 1 1 CA 74 20 43 4 NH 2 CO 26 2 7 3 NJ 35 3 1 CT 10 7 NM 2 6 3 DE NV 4 2 1 FL 89 41 2 2 NY 36 13 1 GA 43 3 30 5 OH 38 1 1 HI 3 OK IA 8 1 OR 10 3 9 ID 7 PA 38 5 13 IL 54 2 RI IN 17 10 SC 17 3 6 1 KS 1 8 2 SD 1 KY 6 1 2 TN 22 3 LA 15 1 1 TX 117 5 3 5 MA 2 UT 13 5 1 MD 24 1 1 VA 30 16 1 ME VT MI 32 12 WA 17 1 1 19 MN 15 WI 11 MO 25 1 1 WV 6 MS 2 WY 1 1 
 ___________ 
 Note: Other includes Vista Optical in Fred Meyer stores and on military bases. There is one Vista Optical location in Puerto Rico. 
 We lease laboratories in Georgia, Texas and Utah and distribution centers in Georgia and Ohio, and we own our laboratory in Minnesota. 
 Our corporate offices are located in leased space in Duluth, Georgia. In addition, we lease office space for our AC Lens corporate office in Columbus, Ohio and office space for our FirstSight corporate office in Upland, California. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K for information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol EYE . 
 Holders 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were approximately 19 holders of record of our common stock. The number of holders of record is based upon the actual number of holders registered at such date and does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because shares are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of individual owners. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we did not purchase any of our equity securities that are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. 
 Effective November 8, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 50 million aggregate amount of shares of the Company's common stock. On November 29, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an increase from 50 million to 100 million in aggregate amount of shares of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under the Company s current share repurchase program. On February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a 100 million increase to the share repurchase authorization, for a total authorization of 200 million. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the Company s discretion through one or more open market or privately negotiated transactions, and pursuant to pre-set trading plans meeting the requirements of all applicable securities laws and regulations. Shares may be repurchased under the program through December 30, 2023. The timing and amounts of any such repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of the Company s shares, general market and economic conditions, legal requirements and tax implications. The Company expects to fund the share repurchases using cash on hand. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased 2.7 million shares of its common stock for 80.0 million, and 1.4 million shares of its common stock for 69.9 million, respectively, under the share repurchase program. After these repurchases, approximately 50 million remains available under the share repurchase authorization as of December 31, 2022. 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid dividends in the past and have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The graph below presents the Company s cumulative total stockholder returns relative to the performance of the Nasdaq Global Composite Index and the Nasdaq US Benchmark Retail Index commencing December 29, 2017 through December 31, 2022. All values assume a 100 initial investment at the opening price of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq and data for the Nasdaq Global Composite Index and the Nasdaq US Benchmark Retail Index assumes all dividends were reinvested on the date paid. The points on the graph represent fiscal year-end values based on the last trading day of each fiscal year. The comparisons are based on historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the future performance of our common stock. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion contains management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K (this Form 10-K ). This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in the Risk Factors section included in Part I. Item 1A. in this Form 10-K, as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should carefully read Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 We conduct substantially all of our activities through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, NVI, and its subsidiaries. We operate on a retail fiscal calendar that results in a given fiscal year consisting of a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. In a 52-week fiscal year, each quarter contains 13 weeks of operations; in a 53-week fiscal year, each of the first, second and third quarters includes 13 weeks of operations and the fourth quarter includes 14 weeks of operations. References herein to fiscal year 2022 relate to the 52 weeks ended December 31, 2022, references herein to fiscal year 2021 relate to the 52 weeks ended January 1, 2022 and references herein to fiscal year 2020 relate to the 53 weeks ended January 2, 2021. 
 The disclosures contained in this Form 10-K are made only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. For further information, please see Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 We are one of the largest optical retailers in the United States and a leader in the attractive value segment of the U.S. optical retail industry. We believe that vision is central to quality of life and that people deserve to see their best to live their best, regardless of their budget. We achieve this by providing eye exams, eyeglasses and contact lenses to value seeking and lower income consumers with an opening price point that strives to be among the lowest in the industry. We reach our customers through a diverse portfolio of 1,354 retail stores across five brands and 16 consumer websites as of fiscal year end 2022. 

Brand and Segment Information 
 Our operations consist of two reportable segments: 
 Owned Host As of fiscal ye ar end 2022, our owned brands consisted of 905 America s Best Contacts and Eyeglasses America s Best retail stores and 136 Eyeglass World retail stores. In America s Best stores, vision care services are provided by optometrists employed by us or by independent professional corporations or similar entities. America s Best stores are primarily located in high-traffic strip centers next to value-focused retailers. Eyeglass World locations primarily feature eye care services provided by independent optometrists and optometrists employed by independent professional corporations or similar entities and on-site optical laboratories that enable stores to quickly fulfill many customer orders and make repairs on site. Eyeglass World stores are primarily located in freestanding or in-line locations near high-foot-traffic shopping centers. Our Host brands consisted of 54 Vista Optical locations on select military bases and 29 Vista Optical locations within select Fred Meyer stores as of fiscal year end 2022. We have strong, long-standing relationships with our Host partners and have maintained each partnership for over 20 years. These brands provide eye exams primarily by independent optometrists. All brands utilize our centralized laboratories. This segment also includes sales from our America s Best, Eyeglass World, and Military omni-channel websites. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Legacy We manage the operations of, and supply inventory and laboratory processing services to, 230 Vision Centers in Walmart retail locations as of fiscal year end 2022. This strategic relationship with Walmart is in its 33rd year. Pursuant to a January 2020 amendment to our management services agreement with Walmart, we added five additional Vision Centers in Walmart stores in fiscal year 2020. Our current management services agreement with Walmart expires on February 23, 2024, and will automatically renew for a three-year period unless, no later than July 2023, either party gives written notice of non-renewal ; refer to Note 14. Segment Reporting included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K for further information. Under the management services agreement, our responsibilities include ordering and maintaining merchandise inventory; arranging the provision of optometry services; providing managers and staff at each location; training personnel; providing sales receipts to customers; maintaining necessary insurance; obtaining and holding required licenses, permits and accreditations; owning and maintaining store furniture, fixtures and equipment; and developing annual operating budgets and reporting. We earn management fees as a result of providing such services and therefore we record revenue related to sales of products and product protection plans to our Legacy partner s customers on a net basis. Our management services agreement also allows our Legacy partner to collect penalties if the Vision Centers do not generate a requisite amount of revenues . No such penalties have been assessed under our current arrangement, which began in 2012. We also sell to our Legacy partner merchandise that is stocked in retail locations we m anage pursuant to a separate supplier agreement, and provide centralized laboratory services for the finished eyeglasses for our Legacy partner s customers in stores that we manage. We lease space from Walmart within or adjacent to each of the locations we manage and use this space for vision care services provided by independent optometrists or optometrists employed by us or by independent professional corporations or similar entities. During the fiscal year 2022, sales associated with this arrangement represented 7.6 of consolidated net revenue. This exposes us to concentration of customer risk. 
 Our consolidated results also include the following activity recorded in our Corporate/Other category: 
 Our e-commerce platform of 12 dedicated websites managed by AC Lens. Our e-commerce business consists of five proprietary branded websites, including aclens.com, discountglasses.com and discountcontactlenses.com, and seven th ird-party websites with established retailers, such as Walmart, Sam s Club and Giant Eagle as well as mid-sized vision insurance providers. AC Lens handles site management, customer relationship management and order fulfillment and also sells a wide variety of contact lenses, eyeglasses and eye care accessories. 
 Wholesale contact lenses distribution to Walmart and Sam s Club by AC Lens. We incur costs at a higher percentage of sales than other product categories. AC Lens sales associated with Walmart and Sam s Club contact lenses distribution arrangements represen ted 7.0 of c onsolidated net revenue during fiscal year 2022 . 
 Managed care business conducted by FirstSight, our wholly-owned subsidiary that is licensed as a single-service health plan under California law, which arranges for the provision of optometric services at the offices next to certain Walmart stores throughout California, and also issues individual vision plans in connection with our America s Best operations in California. 
 Unallocated corporate overhead expenses, which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses and are comprised of various home office expenses such as payroll, occupancy costs and consulting and professional fees. Corporate overhead expenses also include field services for our five retail brands. 
 Reportable segment information is presented on the same basis as our consolidated financial statements, except reportable segment sales which are presented on a cash basis, including point of sales for managed care payors and excluding the effects of unearned and deferred revenue, consistent with what our chief operating decision maker CODM regularly reviews. Reconciliations of segment results to consolidated results include financial information necessary to adjust reportable segment revenues to a consolidated basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), specifically the change in unearned and deferred revenues during the period. There are no revenue transactions between reportable segments, and there are no other items in the reconciliations other than the effects of unearned and deferred revenue. See Note 14. Segment Reporting in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K. 
 Deferred revenue represents the timing difference of when we collect the cash from the customer and when services related to product protection plans and eye care club memberships are performed. Increases or decreases in deferred revenue during the reporting period represent cash collections in excess of, or below the recognition of, previous deferrals. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Unearned revenue represents the timing difference of when we collect cash from the customer and delivery/customer acceptance, and includes sales of prescription eyewear during approximately the last seven to 10 days of the reporting period. 

Trends and Other Factors Affecting Our Business 
 We have remained focused on our long-term growth initiatives despite the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. We opened 80 new stores in 2022, and as of December 31, 2022 enabled remote medicine in approximately 300 stores. 
 Our core growth initiatives include, but are not limited to, continuing with the expansion of our remote medicine capabilities; maintaining and improving our optometric retention levels; increasing our marketing efficiency and omnichannel capabilities; increasing our participation in vision insurance programs; the further digitization of our stores and corporate office; continuing to position ourselves to capture whitespace opportunity for our stores; and incorporating our corporate sustainability strategy into our operations. 
 We operate in the highly competitive and fragmented U.S. optical retail industry. We face competition from mass merchants, specialty retail chains, online retailers and independent eye practitioners and opticians, along with large national retailers. Increased consolidation activity in the industry may enable our competitors to benefit from purchasing advantages and the ability to leverage management capabilities across a larger business base. Along with our competitors, we are affected by a number of various trends and factors, including, but not limited to, economic conditions, inflation, consumer preferences and demand, and the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The overall economic environment continues to be challenging and macroeconomic factors that may affect customer spending patterns, and thereby our results of operations, include employment rates, business conditions, changes in the housing market, the availability of credit, interest rates, tax rates and fuel and energy costs. Rising inflation can result in increased materials costs and greater profitability pressure for us. Changes in raw materials prices did not materially impact our costs applicable to revenue in fiscal year 2022. We anticipate that pressures from increases to our raw materials prices could have an impact on our costs applicable to revenue in fiscal year 2023. 
 Such an inflationary environment and labor market challenges can also result in wage pressures in certain markets. Wage investments as a result of inflation and an increasingly competitive recruiting market for vision care professionals due to the pandemic and related effects have had, and may continue to have, an impact on our profitability. Targeted wage investments, including increases in compensation for optometrists and associates, impacted costs applicable to revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal year 2022. We anticipate that wage pressures in certain markets will continue in 2023. For example, retention bonuses granted to associates in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 resulted in a 5.0 million impact . Wage investment pressure, increases to costs applicable to revenue from increases in raw materials prices and potential freight price increases in fiscal year 2023 may not be able to be fully offset by leverage from revenue growth, productivity efficiency and, as appropriate, various pricing actions. 
 As part of our growth strategy we have invested in remote medicine capabilities, and as of December 31, 2022 this new technology has been enabled in approximately 300 of our America s Best locations. We believe remote medicine not only helps provide more access to eye care for patients, it also helps address constraints in exam capacity. Additionally, as part of the remote medicine rollout, we also invested in the transition to an EHR platform as locations became remote enabled. We anticipate continuing the investment in these capabilities primarily in America s Best stores in the near term. Training our personnel to efficiently use these new technologies may increase our costs and negatively impact our profitability even if exam capacity increases. 
 We estimate that optical consumers typically replace their eyeglasses every two to three years, and contact lens customers order new lenses every six to 12 months, reflecting the predictability of these recurring purchase behaviors; however, the effects of the current economic environment and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on consu mer preferences resulted in reduced customer demand in 2022. The predictability of recurring purchase behavior for the future remains uncertain. Additionally, resurgences of COVID-19 cases and the emergence of new variants have led to reduced consumer confidence and changes in shopping patterns, which have adversely impacted store traffic. A significant recession could also negatively impact our results if consumers faced widespread layoffs that resulted in the loss of employer-subsidized managed vision care insurance. 
 We also continue to monitor any potential COVID-19 related impacts on our domestic labs and our outsourced third party optical laboratories in China and Mexico, and potential disruptions of product deliveries. To date, we have been able to meet customer demand with operations at our laboratories. We source merchandise from suppliers located in China and a significant amount of domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured in China. We have partnered with our suppliers and third party laboratories to mitigate any potential significant delays in delivery 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 of merchandise. We have made, and may continue to make, inventory forward buys to help manage potential supply chain disruptions. 
 In addition to central factors impacting our business outlined above, we have identified the following key drivers, challenges and risks on which we are focused and which are detailed below . 
 Vision Care Professional Recruitment, Coverage and Expanded Offerings 
 Our ability to continue to attract and retain qualified vision care professionals affect exam capacity. Our operations, like those of many of our competitors, depend on our ability to offer both eyewear and eye exams. We believe the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on vision care professional availability, including a competitive recruiting market and preferences for adjusted work schedules, and the demand for optometrists exceeding supply in certain areas during fiscal year 2022 have caused constraints in exam capacity which are continuing. Due to these factors the costs to employ or retain optometrists have increased and may increase further, potentially materially. Targeted wage investments, including increases in compensation for our optometrists and associates, and flexibility initiatives have impacted our costs applicable to revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses. We are continuing to strategically invest in recruitment and retention initiatives, including flexible adjusted work schedules, along with continuing our implementation of remote medicine technologies, which has expanded our offerings while also increasing costs. 
 New Store Openings 
 We expect that new stores will be a key driver of growth in our net revenue and operating profit in the future. Our results of operations have been and will continue to be materially affected by the timing and number of new store openings. As stores mature, profitability typically increases significantly. The performance of new stores is dependent upon factors such as the time of year of a particular opening, the amount of store pre-opening costs, labor and occupancy costs in the specified market, level of participation in managed care plans, and location, including whether they are in new or existing markets. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our ability to open new stores, the multi-year maturation process of our stores and customer purchasing behaviors and patterns remain uncertain and effects and relevant risk exposures may be exacerbated by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Comparable Store Sales Growth 
 Comparable store sales growth is a key driver of our business. Many factors affect comparable store sales, including: 
 consumer confidence, preferences and buying trends and overall economic trends including inflation and the amount and timing of tax refunds; 
 the availability of optometrists and other vision care professionals; 
 advertising strategies; 
 participation in managed care programs; 
 the recurring nature of eye care purchases; 
 our ability to identify and respond effectively to customer preferences and trends; 
 our ability to provide an assortment of high quality/low-cost product offerings that generate new and repeat visits to our stores; 
 foot traffic in retail shopping centers where our stores are predominantly located; 
 the customer experience we provide in our stores; 
 our ability to source and receive products accurately and timely; 
 changes in product pricing, including promotional activities; 
 the number of items purchased per store visit; 
 the number of stores that have been in operation for more than 12 months; 
 impact of competition and consolidation in the U.S. optical retail industry; 
 impact and timing of weather related store closures; and 
 public health emergencies, like COVID-19, which may exacerbate the effects and relevant risk exposures listed above. 
 A new store is included in the comparable store sales calculation during the 13th full fiscal month following the store s opening. Closed stores are removed from the calculation for time periods that are not comparable. In the past, we have closed stores as a result of poor store performance, lease expiration or non-renewal and/or the terms of our arrangements with our Host and Legacy partners. 
 Managed Care and Insurance 
 Managed care has become increasingly important to the optical retail industry. An increasing percentage of our customers receive vision care insurance coverage through managed care payors. Our participation in these programs represent an increasingly significant portion of our overall revenues and represented approximately one third of our 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 overall revenues in fiscal year 2022. While we have relationships with almost all vision care insurers in the United States and with all of the major carriers, currently, a relatively small number of payors comprise the majority of our managed care revenues, subjecting us to concentration risk. As our participation in managed care programs continues to expand, we have incurred and expect to incur additional costs related to this area of our business. Our comparable store sales growth as noted above as well as overall future operational success could depend on our ability to negotiate, maintain and extend contracts with managed vision care companies, vision insurance providers and other third-party payors, several of whom have significant market share. Coverage and payment levels are determined at each third-party payor s discretion, and we have limited control over a third-party payor s decision-making with respect to coverage and payment levels. Coverage restrictions and reductions in reimbursement levels or payment methodologies may negatively impact our sales and profits. In addition, as our participation in managed care programs continues to approach overall industry penetration levels, we expect our associated managed care revenue growth rate to slow over time. 
 Infrastructure Investment 
 Our historical results of operations reflect the impact of our ongoing investments in infrastructure to support our growth, including additional investments in remote medicine and EHR platforms. We have made significant investments in information technology systems, including our point-of-sale system and enterprise resource planning (ERP), supply chain systems, marketing, and personnel, as well as experienced industry executives, and management and merchandising teams to support our long-term growth objectives. We intend to continue to make targeted investments in our infrastructure to support our growth and continue the digitization of our stores and corporate office. 
 Pricing Strategy 
 We are committed to providing our products to our customers at low prices. We generally employ a simple low price/high value strategy that consistently delivers savings to our customers without the need for extensive promotions. Inflationary pressures, including wage investments, consumer confidence and preferences and increased raw material costs, could impact our profitability and lead us to attempt to offset such increases through various pricing actions. Effective May 9, 2022 we changed the price of our America s Best signature offer to two pairs of eyeglasses for 79.95, including a free eye exam from its prior 69.95 price. Effective March 14, 2022, we changed the price of our Eyeglass World opening offer to two pairs of eyeglasses for 89 from its prior price of 78. We believe that these changes will enable us to continue to offer the best possible value and service to our customers at prices that allow us to maintain our brands strong value propositions in the marketplace. 
 Interim Results and Seasonality 
 Historically, our business has realized a higher portion of net revenue, operating income, and cash flows from operations in the first half of the fiscal year, and a lower portion of net revenue, operating income, and cash flows from operations in the fourth fiscal quarter. The seasonally larger first half of the fiscal year is attributable primarily to the timing of our customers income tax refunds and annual health insurance program start/reset periods. Because our target market consists of value seeking and lower income consumers, a delay in the issuance of tax refunds or changes in the amount of tax refunds can have a negative impact on our financial results. Consumers could also alter how they utilize tax refund proceeds. With respect to our fourth quarter results, compared to other retailers, our products and services are less likely to be included in consumer s holiday spending budgets, therefore reducing spending on personal vision correction during the weeks preceding December 25th of each year. Additionally, although the period between December 25th and the end of our fiscal year is typically a high-volume period, the net revenue associated with substantially all orders of prescription eyeglasses and contact lenses during that period is deferred until the following fiscal period due to our policy of recognizing revenue only after the product has been accepted by the customer. Consumer behavior driven by the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a departure from seasonal norms we have experienced in recent years and may continue to disrupt the historical quarterly cadence of our results of operations for an unknown period of time. 
 For fiscal years 2022 and 2021, approximately 23 of our revenue was recorded in the fourth quarter, but approximately 26 and 25 of annual SG A costs were recorded in the respective fourth quarters of these fiscal years. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 How We Assess the Performance of Our Business 
 We consider a variety of financial and operating measures in assessing the performance of our business. The key measures we use to determine how our consolidated business and operating segments are performing are net revenue, costs applicable to revenue, and selling, general, and administrative expenses, which are described further in Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K. In addition, we also review store growth, Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth, Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Operating Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Adjusted Diluted EPS. 
 Net Revenue 
 We report as net revenue amounts generated in transactions with retail customers who are the end users of our products, services, and plans. Comparable store sales growth and new store openings are key drivers of net revenue and are discussed below. Also, the timing of unearned revenue can affect revenue recognized in a particular period. 
 Costs Applicable to Revenue 
 Customer tastes and preferences, product mix, changes in technology, significant increases or slowdowns in production, and other factors impact costs applicable to revenue. The components of our costs applicable to revenue may not be comparable to other retailers. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 SG A generally fluctuates consistently with revenue due to the variable store, field office and corporate support costs; however, some fixed costs slightly improve as a percentage of net revenue as our net revenues grow over time. 
 New Store Openings 
 The total number of new stores per year and the timing of store openings has, and will continue to have, an impact on our results. In an effort to conserve cash early in the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily paused new store openings during a portion of fiscal year 2020. We open ed 80 stores during fiscal year 2022. We will continue to monitor and determine our plans for future new store openings based on health, safety and economic conditions. 
 Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth 
 We measure Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth as the increase or decrease in sales recorded by the comparable store base in any reporting period, compared to sales recorded by the comparable store base in the prior reporting period, which we calculate as follows: (i) sales are recorded on a cash basis (i.e., when the order is placed and paid for or submitted to a managed care payor, compared to when the order is delivered), utilizing cash basis point of sale information from stores; (ii) stores are added to the calculation during the 13th full fiscal month following the store s opening; (iii) closed stores are removed from the calculation for time periods that are not comparable; (iv) sales from partial months of operation are excluded when stores do not open or close on the first day of the month; and (v) when applicable, we adjust for the effect of the 53rd week. Quarterly, year-to-date and annual adjusted comparable store sales are aggregated using only sales from all whole months of operation included in both the current reporting period and the prior reporting period. When a partial month is excluded from the calculation, the corresponding month in the subsequent period is also excluded from the calculation. There may be variations in the way in which some of our competitors and other retailers calculate comparable store sales. As a result, our adjusted comparable store sales may not be comparable to similar data made available by other retailers. We did not revise our calculation of Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth for the temporary closure of our stores to the public as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth is a non-GAAP financial measure, which we believe is useful because it provides timely and accurate information relating to the two core metrics of retail sales: number of transactions and value of transactions. We use Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth as the basis for key operating decisions, such as allocation of advertising to particular markets and implementation of special marketing programs. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth provides timely and accurate information relating to the operational health and overall performance of each brand. We also believe that, for the same reasons, investors find our calculation of Adjusted Comparable Stores Sales Growth to be meaningful. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Operating Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, and Adjusted Diluted EPS (collectively, the Company Non-GAAP Measures 
 The Company Non-GAAP Measures are key measures used by management to assess our financial performance. The Company Non-GAAP Measures are also frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties. We use the Company Non-GAAP Measures to supplement U.S. GAAP measures of performance to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, to establish discretionary annual incentive compensation and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for definitions of the Company Non-GAAP Measures and for additional information. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of our net revenue. 
 In thousands, except earnings per share, percentage and store data Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Revenue: Net product sales 1,648,315 1,718,344 1,418,283 Net sales of services and plans 357,089 361,181 293,477 Total net revenue 2,005,404 2,079,525 1,711,760 Costs applicable to revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization): Products 636,324 633,116 551,783 Services and plans 289,263 271,663 234,841 Total costs applicable to revenue 925,587 904,779 786,624 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 915,355 900,798 724,985 Depreciation and amortization 99,956 97,089 91,585 Asset impairment 5,783 4,427 22,004 Other income, net (2,552) (2,505) (445) Total operating expenses 1,018,542 999,809 838,129 Income from operations 61,275 174,937 87,007 Interest expense, net 462 25,612 48,327 Earnings before income taxes 60,813 149,325 38,680 Income tax provision 18,691 21,081 2,403 Net income 42,122 128,244 36,277 Supplemental operating data: Number of stores open at end of period 1,354 1,278 1,205 New stores opened during the period 80 75 62 Adjusted Operating Income (1) 
 87,795 204,749 134,148 Diluted EPS 0.52 1.43 0.44 Adjusted Diluted EPS (1) 
 0.65 1.48 0.91 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 180,263 294,350 218,307 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. (1) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for our presentation of Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA. 

Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Percentage of net revenue: Total costs applicable to revenue 46.2 43.5 46.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses 45.6 43.3 42.4 Total operating expenses 50.8 48.1 49.0 Income from operations 3.1 8.4 5.1 Net income 2.1 6.2 2.1 Adjusted Operating Income 4.4 9.8 7.8 Adjusted EBITDA 9.0 14.2 12.8 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year 2022 compared to Fiscal Year 2021 
 Net revenue 
 The following presents, by segment and by brand, comparable store sales growth, stores open at the end of the period and net revenue for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. 
 Comparable store sales growth (1) 
 Stores open at end of period Net revenue (2) 
 In thousands, except percentage and store data Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Owned Host segment America s Best (7.7) 23.5 905 840 1,366,019 68.1 1,423,386 68.4 Eyeglass World (6.7) 25.2 136 125 217,727 10.9 225,096 10.8 Military (4.3) 15.8 54 54 22,114 1.1 23,103 1.1 Fred Meyer (5.1) 13.4 29 29 11,508 0.6 12,130 0.6 Owned Host segment total 1,124 1,048 1,617,368 80.6 1,683,715 80.9 Legacy segment (8.4) 19.3 230 230 151,877 7.6 165,477 8.0 Corporate/Other 242,822 12.1 236,299 11.4 Reconciliations (6,663) (0.3) (5,966) (0.3) Total (7.5) 22.4 1,354 1,278 2,005,404 100.0 2,079,525 100.0 Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth (3) 
 (7.6) 23.0 
 _________ 
 (1) We calculate total comparable store sales based on consolidated net revenue excluding the impact of (i) Corporate/Other segment net revenue, (ii) sales from stores opened less than 13 months, (iii) stores closed in the periods presented, (iv) sales from partial months of operation when stores do not open or close on the first day of the month and (v) if applicable, the impact of a 53rd week in a fiscal year. Brand-level comparable store sales growth is calculated based on cash basis revenues consistent with what the CODM reviews, and consistent with reportable segment revenues presented in Note 14. Segment Reporting in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K, with the exception of the Legacy segment, which is adjusted as noted in clause (ii) of footnote (3) below. 
 (2) Percentages reflect line item as a percentage of net revenue, adjusted for rounding. 
 (3) There are two differences between total comparable store sales growth based on consolidated net revenue and Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth: (i) Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth includes the effect of deferred and unearned revenue as if such revenues were earned at the point of sale, resulting in an increase of 0.7 from total comparable store sales growth based on consolidated net revenue for fiscal year 2021 and (ii) Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth includes retail sales to the Legacy partner s customers (rather than the revenues recognized consistent with the management services agreement with the Legacy partner), resulting in a decrease of 0.1 and a decrease of 0.1 from total comparable store sales growth based on consolidated net revenue for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total net revenue of 2,005.4 million for fiscal year 2022 decreased 74.1 million, or 3.6 , from 2,079.5 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was driven primarily by reduced Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth and to a lesser extent the negative impact of unearned revenue, partially offset by growth from new store sales and recognition of deferred revenue. 
 During fiscal year 2022, we opened 69 new America s Best stores and 11 new Eyeglass World stores and closed four America s Best stores. The total net new locations in fiscal year 2022 for America s Best and Eyeglass World are 65 and 11, respectively. Overall, store count grew 5.9 from the end of fiscal year 2021 to the end of fiscal year 2022. 
 Comparable store sales growth and Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth for fiscal year 2022 were (7.5) and (7.6) , respectively, primarily due to a decrease in customer transactions, and to a lesser extent, lower average ticket. The decreases in comparable store sales growth and Adjusted Comparable Store Sales growth during fiscal year 2022 reflect overall economic trends impacting customer demand, constraints affecting exam capacity in certain markets and the Omicron COVID-19 variant impacting customer transactions. 
 Net product sales comprised 82.2 and 82.6 of total net revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net product sales decreased 70.0 million, or 4.1 during fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to a 80.7 million, or 6.7 , decrease in eyeglass sales, which was partially offset by a 6.4 million, or 1.7 , increase in contact lens sales and a 4.3 million, or 3.2 , increase in wholesale fulfillment. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Net sales of services and plans decreased 4.1 million, or 1.1 , driven primarily by a 7.1 million, or 16.9 , decrease in management fees from our Legacy partner, which was partially offset by a 5.6 million, or 2.9 , increase in exam revenues. 
 
 Owned Host segment net revenue. Net revenue declined 66.3 million, or 3.9 , driven primarily by negative comparable store sales growth partially offset by new store openings. 
 Legacy segment net revenue. Net revenue declined 13.6 million, or 8.2 , driven by negative comparable store sales growth. 
 Corporate/Other segment net revenue. Net revenue increased 6.5 million, or 2.8 , driven primarily by increases in wholesale fulfillment. 
 Net revenue reconciliations. The impact of reconciliations negatively impacted net revenue by 0.7 million during fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. Net revenue was negatively impacted by 14.2 million due to the timing of unearned revenue. The balance of unearned revenue reflected increased sales in the last week of fiscal year 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Net revenue was positively impacted by 13.5 million due to higher sales of product protection plan and club memberships in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2022, thus causing recognition of previous deferrals to exceed cash collected for sales in fiscal year 2022. 
 Costs applicable to revenue 
 Costs applicable to revenue of 925.6 million for fiscal year 2022 increased 20.8 million, or 2.3 , from 904.8 million for fiscal year 2021. As a percentage of net revenue, costs applicable to revenue increased from 43.5 for fiscal year 2021 to 46.2 for fiscal year 2022. This increase as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by higher growth in optometrist-related costs, reduced eyeglass mix and lower eyeglass margin. 
 Costs of products as a percentage of net product sales increased from 36.8 for fiscal year 2021 to 38.6 for fiscal year 2022 primarily driven by reduced eyeglass mix and lower eyeglass margin. 
 Owned Host segment costs of products. Costs of products as a percentage of net product sales increased from 27.4 for fiscal year 2021 to 28.9 for fiscal year 2022 primarily driven by reduced eyeglass mix and lower eyeglass margin. 
 Legacy segment costs of products. Costs of products as a percentage of net product sales decreased from 47.7 for fiscal year 2021 to 46.8 for fiscal year 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by a higher mix of managed care customer transactions versus non-managed care customer transactions. Legacy segment managed care net product revenue is recorded in net product sales while revenue associated with servicing non-managed care customers is recorded in net sales of services and plans. Eyeglass and contact lens product costs for both managed care and non-managed care net revenue are recorded in costs of products. Increases in managed care mix decrease costs of products as a percentage of net product sales and have a corresponding negative impact on costs of services as a percentage of net sales of services and plans in our Legacy segment. 
 Costs of services and plans as a percentage of net sales of services and plans increased from 75.2 for fiscal year 2021 to 81.0 for fiscal year 2022. The increase was primarily driven by higher growth in optometrist-related costs, which were partially offset by higher eye exam revenue. 
 Owned Host segment costs of services and plans. Costs of services and plans as a percentage of net sales of services and plans increased from 80.1 for fiscal year 2021 to 88.6 for fiscal year 2022. The increase was primarily driven by higher growth in optometrist-related costs, which were partially offset by higher eye exam revenue. 
 Legacy segment costs of services and plans. Costs of services and plans as a percentage of net sales of services and plans increased from 40.7 for fiscal year 2021 to 44.9 for fiscal year 2022. The increase was primarily driven by higher growth in optometrist-related costs. 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 SG A of 915.4 million for fiscal year 2022 increased 14.6 million, or 1.6 , from fiscal year 2021. As a percentage of net revenue, SG A increased from 43.3 for fiscal year 2021 to 45.6 for fiscal year 2022. The increase in SG A as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by increases in store payroll, other corporate overhead, including legal, professional, travel and entertainment, and occupancy expense, partially offset by lower performance-based incentive compensation and lower advertising expense. The Company paid 5.0 million of discretionary bonuses during fiscal year 2022. 
 SG A for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021 includes 0.6 million and 1.5 million, respectively, of incremental costs directly related to adapting the Company s operations during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Owned Host segment SG A. SG A as a percentage of net revenue increased from 36.7 for fiscal year 2021 to 38.9 for fiscal year 2022 driven primarily by higher payroll and occupancy expense, partially offset by lower advertising expense. 
 Legacy segment SG A. SG A as a percentage of net revenue increased from 35.0 for fiscal year 2021 to 38.3 for fiscal year 2022 driven primarily by higher payroll expense. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense of 100.0 million for fiscal year 2022 increased 2.9 million, or 3.0 , from 97.1 million for fiscal year 2021 primarily driven by new store openings and investments in remote medicine. 
 Asset impairment 
 We recognized 5.8 million for impairment primarily of tangible long-lived assets and ROU assets associated with our retail stores in fiscal year 2022 compared to 4.4 million recognized in fiscal year 2021. The store asset impairment charge is primarily related to our Owned Host segment and is driven by lower than projected customer sales volume in certain stores and other entity-specific assumptions. We considered multiple factors including, but not limited to: forecasted scenarios related to store performance and the likelihood that these scenarios would be ultimately realized; and the remaining useful lives of the assets. The asset impairment expense for fiscal year 2021 also includes 0.8 million, related to a write-off of certain software assets that were deemed to be obsolete. Asset impairment expenses were recognized in Corporate/Other. 
 Other expense (income), net 
 We recognized a gain of 2.7 million and 2.4 million in Other expense (income), net in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with the acquisition of our equity method investee by a third party. See Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies for further details. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, of 0.5 million for fiscal year 2022 decreased 25.2 million, or 98.2 , from 25.6 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was primarily a result of lower derivative costs of 19.0 million on our interest rate derivatives, reduced term loan outstanding balance and income on cash balances. 
 Income tax provision 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was 30.7 , reflecting our statutory federal and state rate of 25.4 and effects of other permanent items. Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2021 was 14.1 , reflecting a benefit of 16.5 million primarily from the exercise of stock options and stranded tax effect associated with our matured interest rate swaps during the first quarter of 2021 . 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year 2021 compared to Fiscal Year 2020 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our retail stores closed to the public beginning on March 19, 2020. We began reopening our stores to the public on April 27, 2020 and on June 8, 2020, we announced the successful completion of the reopening process. Comparisons of fiscal year 2021 results to fiscal year 2020 results reflect the material and unprecedented impact of these temporary store closures. Fiscal year 2021 consists of 52 weeks compared to 53 weeks in fiscal year 2020. 
 Net revenue 
 The following presents, by segment and by brand, comparable store sales growth, stores open at the end of the period and net revenue for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. 
 Comparable store sales growth (1) 
 Stores open at end of period Net revenue (2) 
 In thousands, except percentage and store data Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Owned Host segment America s Best 23.5 (5.2) 840 773 1,423,386 68.4 1,131,016 66.1 Eyeglass World 25.2 (2.7) 125 119 225,096 10.8 179,934 10.5 Military 15.8 (15.5) 54 54 23,103 1.1 20,428 1.2 Fred Meyer 13.4 (21.6) 29 29 12,130 0.6 11,021 0.6 Owned Host segment total 1,048 975 1,683,715 80.9 1,342,399 78.4 Legacy segment 19.3 (12.3) 230 230 165,477 8.0 142,017 8.3 Corporate/Other 236,299 11.4 234,403 13.7 Reconciliations (5,966) (0.3) (7,059) (0.4) Total 22.4 (5.6) 1,278 1,205 2,079,525 100.0 1,711,760 100.0 Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth (3) 
 23.0 (6.1) 
 _________ 
 Note: Fiscal year 2021 includes 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 
 (1) We calculate total comparable store sales based on consolidated net revenue excluding the impact of (i) Corporate/Other segment net revenue, (ii) sales from stores opened less than 13 months, (iii) stores closed in the periods presented, (iv) sales from partial months of operation when stores do not open or close on the first day of the month and (v) if applicable, the impact of a 53rd week in a fiscal year. Brand-level comparable store sales growth is calculated based on cash basis revenues consistent with what the CODM reviews, and consistent with reportable segment revenues presented in Note 14. Segment Reporting in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K, with the exception of the Legacy segment, which is adjusted as noted in clause (ii) of footnote (3) below. 
 (2) Percentages reflect line item as a percentage of net revenue, adjusted for rounding. 
 (3) There are two differences between total comparable store sales growth based on consolidated net revenue and Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth: (i) Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth includes the effect of deferred and unearned revenue as if such revenues were earned at the point of sale, resulting in an increase of 0.7 and a decrease of 0.4 from total comparable store sales growth based on consolidated net revenue for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2020, respectively, and (ii) Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth includes retail sales to the Legacy partner s customers (rather than the revenues recognized consistent with the management services agreement with the Legacy partner), resulting in a decrease of 0.1 and a decrease of 0.1 from total comparable store sales growth based on consolidated net revenue for the fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Total net revenue of 2,079.5 million for fiscal year 2021 increased 367.7 million, or 21.5 , from 1,711.8 million for fiscal year 2020. Of the increase approximately 90 was driven by comparable store sales growth driven by customer demand, primarily the effect of our stores being temporarily closed to the public for a portion of fiscal year 2020 and government stimulus, approximately 20 was driven by new store growth and maturation and was partially offset by 32.2 million (or approximately 10 of net revenue attributable to the 53rd week in fiscal year 2020. 
 During fiscal year 2021, we opened 69 new America s Best stores and six new Eyeglass World stores and closed two America s Best stores. The total net new locations in fiscal year 2021 for America s Best and Eyeglass World are 67 and six, respectively. Overall, store count grew 6.1 from the end of fiscal year 2020 to the end of fiscal year 2021. 
 Comparable store sales growth and Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth for fiscal year 2021 were 22.4 and 23.0 , respectively. The increases in comparable store sales growth and Adjusted Comparable Store Sales Growth were primarily driven by an increase in customer transactions and, to a lesser extent, higher average ticket as a result 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 of customer demand, primarily the effect of our stores being temporarily closed for a portion of fiscal year 2020 and government stimulus. 
 Net product sales comprised 82.6 and 82.9 of total net revenue for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net product sales increased 300.1 million, or 21.2 during fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, primarily due to a 255.3 million, or 27.0 increase in eyeglass sales and to a lesser extent, a 35.0 million, or 10.3 increase in contact lens sales. 
 Net sales of services and plans increased 67.7 million, or 23.1 , primarily driven by a 38.4 million, or 25.4 increase in eye exam revenue and a 15.9 million, or 26.4 increase in product protection plan revenue, primarily the effect of our stores being temporarily closed for a portion of fiscal year 2020. 
 Owned Host segment net revenue. Net revenue increased 341.3 million, or 25.4 , driven primarily by comparable store sales growth and new store openings. 
 Legacy segment net revenue. Net revenue grew 23.5 million, or 16.5 , driven by comparable store sales growth. 
 Corporate/Other segment net revenue. Net revenue increased 1.9 million, or 0.8 , due to increases in wholesale fulfillment. 
 Net revenue reconciliations. The impact of reconciliations positively impacted net revenue by 1.1 million during fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. Net revenue was positively impacted by 7.6 million due to the timing of unearned revenue. The balance of unearned revenue as of fiscal year 2020 reflected pent-up demand following the temporary closure of our stores to the public. Net revenue was negatively impacted by 6.5 million due to higher product protection plan and club membership deferred revenue balances in current period compared to the prior year period. Product protection plan and club membership deferred revenue balances were lower in the prior year, primarily due to the effect of our stores being temporarily closed for a portion of fiscal year 2020. 
 Costs applicable to revenue 
 Costs applicable to revenue of 904.8 million for fiscal year 2021 increased 118.2 million, or 15.0 , from 786.6 million for fiscal year 2020. As a percentage of net revenue, costs applicable to revenue decreased from 46.0 for fiscal year 2020 to 43.5 for fiscal year 2021. This decrease as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by increased eyeglass mix and lower growth in optometrist-related costs, primarily due to the effect of our stores being temporarily closed for a portion of fiscal year 2020 not experienced in fiscal year 2021. 
 Costs of products as a percentage of net product sales decreased from 38.9 for fiscal year 2020 to 36.8 for fiscal year 2021 primarily driven by increased eyeglass mix and higher eyeglass and contact lens margin, primarily the effect of our stores being temporarily closed for a portion of fiscal year 2020 not experienced in fiscal year 2021. 
 Owned Host segment costs of products. Costs of products as a percentage of net product sales decreased from 28.0 for fiscal year 2020 to 27.4 for fiscal year 2021 driven by increased eyeglass mix and higher eyeglass margin, primarily the effect of the temporary store closures in fiscal year 2020. 
 Legacy segment costs of products. Costs of products as a percentage of net product sales decreased slightly from 47.8 for fiscal year 2020 to 47.7 for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by the effect of the temporary store closures in fiscal year 2020, which was partially offset by a lower mix of managed care customer transactions versus non-managed care customer transactions. Legacy segment managed care net product revenue is recorded in net product sales while revenue associated with servicing non-managed care customers is recorded in net sales of services and plans. Eyeglass and contact lens product costs for both managed care and non-managed care net revenue are recorded in costs of products. Increases in managed care mix decrease costs of products as a percentage of net product sales and have a corresponding negative impact on costs of services as a percentage of net sales of services and plans in our Legacy segment. 
 Costs of services and plans as a percentage of net sales of services and plans decreased from 80.0 for fiscal year 2020 to 75.2 for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was driven by lower growth in optometrist-related costs and higher eye exam revenue, primarily due to the impact of the temporary store closures to the public in fiscal year 2020 not experienced in fiscal year 2021. These improvements were partially offset by the deferred revenue effects mentioned above. 
 Owned Host segment costs of services and plans. Costs of services and plans as a percentage of net sales of services and plans decreased from 86.0 for fiscal year 2020 to 80.1 for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was driven by lower growth in optometrist-related costs and higher eye exam revenue, primarily the impact of the temporary store closures to the public in fiscal year 2020. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Legacy segment costs of services and plans. Costs of services and plans as a percentage of net sales of services and plans decreased from 46.5 for fiscal year 2020 to 40.7 for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by higher management fees from our Legacy partner and lower growth in optometrist-related costs, the effect of the temporary store closures to the public in fiscal year 2020. 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 SG A of 900.8 million for fiscal year 2021 increased 175.8 million, or 24.3 , from fiscal year 2020. As a percentage of net revenue, SG A increased from 42.4 for fiscal year 2020 to 43.3 for fiscal year 2021. This increase as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by increases in advertising and performance-based incentive compensation partially offset by decreases in store payroll and occupancy expenses, which were primarily due to the effect of temporary store closures to the public in fiscal year 2020 not experienced in fiscal year 2021, and an individual one-time cash bonus paid in fiscal year 2020 to our front-line associates and doctors. 
 SG A for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2020 includes 1.5 million and 8.6 million, respectively, of incremental costs directly related to adapting the Company s operations during the COVID-19 pandemic; of these costs, 0.6 million were reflected as adjustments for the Company s presentation of non-GAAP measures below for fiscal year 2020. 
 Owned Host segment SG A. SG A as a percentage of net revenue increased from 36.5 for fiscal year 2020 to 36.7 for fiscal year 2021. This increase as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by higher advertising expense partially offset by payroll and occupancy leverage, the effect of the temporary store closures to the public in fiscal year 2020. 
 Legacy segment SG A. SG A as a percentage of net revenue decreased from 36.5 for fiscal year 2020 to 35.0 for fiscal year 2021 primarily driven by payroll and occupancy leverage, the effect of the temporary store closures to the public in fiscal year 2020. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense of 97.1 million for fiscal year 2021 increased 5.5 million, or 6.0 , from 91.6 million for fiscal year 2020 primarily driven by new store openings. 
 Asset impairment 
 We recognized 4.4 million for impairment primarily of tangible long-lived assets and ROU assets associated with our retail stores in fiscal year 2021 compared to 22.0 million recognized in fiscal year 2020. The store asset impairment charge is primarily related to our Owned Host segment and is driven by lower than projected customer sales volume in certain stores and other entity-specific assumptions. We considered multiple factors including, but not limited to: forecasted scenarios related to store performance and the likelihood that these scenarios would be ultimately realized; and the remaining useful lives of the assets. The asset impairment expense for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 also includes 0.8 million and 1.1 million, respectively, related to a write-off of certain software assets that were deemed to be obsolete. Asset impairment expenses were recognized in Corporate/Other. 
 Other expense (income), net 
 We recognized a gain of 2.4 million in Other expense (income), net in fiscal year 2021 in connection with the acquisition of our equity method investee by a third party. See Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies for further details. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, of 25.6 million for fiscal year 2021 decreased 22.7 million, or 47.0 , from 48.3 million for fiscal year 2020. The decrease was primarily driven by lower derivative costs of 10.9 million, reduced term loan outstanding balance and credit facility utilization, and lower interest expense on the 2025 Notes as a result of the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 Income tax provision 
 Our income tax provision for fiscal year 2021 reflected our statutory federal and state rate of 25.5 , offset by a benefit of 16.5 million primarily from the exercise of stock options and stranded tax effect associated with our interest rate swaps that matured in the first quarter of 2021. In comparison, the income tax provision associated with fiscal year 2020 reflected our statutory federal and state rate of 25.5 combined with a benefit of 8.0 million associated primarily with the stock option exercises. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Operating Margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 We define Adjusted Operating Income as net income, plus interest expense (income), net and income tax provision (benefit), further adjusted to exclude stock based compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, asset impairment, litigation settlement, secondary offering expenses, management realignment expenses, long-term incentive plan expenses, amortization of acquisition intangibles and certain other expenses. We define Adjusted Operating Margin as Adjusted Operating Income as a percentage of net revenue. We define EBITDA as net income, plus interest expense (income), net, income tax provision (benefit) and depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income, plus interest expense (income), net, income tax provision (benefit) and depreciation and amortization, further adjusted to exclude stock based compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, asset impairment, litigation settlement, secondary offering expenses, management realignment expenses, long-term incentive plan expenses, and certain other expenses. We define Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net revenue. We define Adjusted Diluted EPS as diluted earnings per share, adjusted for the per share impact of stock based compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, asset impairment, litigation settlement, secondary offering expenses, management realignment expenses, long-term incentive plan expenses, amortization of acquisition intangibles, amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs of our term loan borrowings, amortization of the conversion feature and deferred financing costs related to our 2025 N otes when not required under U.S. GAAP to be added back for diluted earnings per share, losses (gains) on change in fair value of derivatives, certain other expenses, and tax benefit of stock option exercises, less the tax effect of these adjustments. We adjust for amortization of costs related to the 2025 Notes only when adjustment for these costs is not required in the calculation of diluted earnings per share according to U.S. GAAP. 
 EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures can vary substantially in size from one period to the next, and certain types of expenses are non-recurring in nature and consequently may not have been incurred in any of the periods presented below. EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures have been presented as supplemental measures of financial performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management believes EBITDA, and the Company Non-GAAP Measures are useful to investors in highlighting trends in our operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. We also use EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures to supplement U.S. GAAP measures of performance in the evaluation of the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, to establish discretionary annual incentive compensation and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. Management supplements U.S. GAAP results with Non-GAAP financial measures to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting the business than U.S. GAAP results alone. We continue to evaluate our use of the Company Non-GAAP measures in the context of the development of our business, and may introduce or discontinue certain measures in the future as we deem appropriate. 
 EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures are not recognized terms under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or income from operations as a measure of financial performance or cash flows provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Additionally, these measures are not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for management s discretionary use as they do not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments and debt service requirements. In evaluating EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures we may incur expenses in the future that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by any such adjustments. Management compensates for these limitations by primarily relying on our U.S. GAAP results in addition to using EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures. 
 The presentations of these measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 they do not reflect costs or cash outlays for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Operating Income do not reflect the interest expense (income), net or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt; 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Operating Income do not reflect period to period changes in taxes, income tax provision or the cash necessary to pay income taxes; 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 they do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Because of these limitations, EBITDA and the Company Non-GAAP Measures should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to invest in business growth or to reduce indebtedness. 
 The following table reconciles our Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Operating Margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin to net income; and Adjusted Diluted EPS to diluted EPS for the periods presented: 
 
 In thousands Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Net income 42,122 2.1 128,244 6.2 36,277 2.1 Interest expense 462 0.0 25,612 1.2 48,327 2.8 Income tax provision 18,691 0.9 21,081 1.0 2,403 0.1 Stock based compensation expense (a) 
 13,512 0.7 14,886 0.7 10,740 0.6 Asset impairment (b) 
 5,783 0.3 4,427 0.2 22,004 1.3 Litigation settlement (c) 
 1,500 0.1 4,395 0.3 Amortization of acquisition intangibles (d) 
 7,488 0.4 7,488 0.4 7,426 0.4 Other (g) 
 (263) (0.0) 1,511 0.1 2,576 0.2 Adjusted Operating Income / Adjusted Operating Margin 87,795 4.4 204,749 9.8 134,148 7.8 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. Percentages reflect line item as a percentage of net revenue, adjusted for rounding. Some of the percentage totals in the table above do not foot due to rounding differences. 
 In thousands Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Net income 42,122 2.1 128,244 6.2 36,277 2.1 Interest expense 462 0.0 25,612 1.2 48,327 2.8 Income tax provision 18,691 0.9 21,081 1.0 2,403 0.1 Depreciation and amortization 99,956 5.0 97,089 4.7 91,585 5.4 EBITDA 161,231 8.0 272,026 13.1 178,592 10.4 Stock based compensation expense (a) 
 13,512 0.7 14,886 0.7 10,740 0.6 Asset impairment (b) 
 5,783 0.3 4,427 0.2 22,004 1.3 Litigation settlement (c) 
 1,500 0.1 4,395 0.3 Other (g) 
 (263) (0.0) 1,511 0.1 2,576 0.2 Adjusted EBITDA / Adjusted EBITDA Margin 180,263 9.0 294,350 14.2 218,307 12.8 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. Percentages reflect line item as a percentage of net revenue, adjusted for rounding. Some of the percentage totals in the table above do not foot due to rounding differences. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 In thousands, except per share amounts Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Diluted EPS 0.52 1.43 0.44 Stock based compensation expense (a) 
 0.17 0.15 0.13 Asset impairment (b) 
 0.07 0.05 0.27 Litigation settlement (c) 
 0.02 0.05 Amortization of acquisition intangibles (d) 
 0.09 0.08 0.09 Amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs (e) 
 0.04 0.02 0.14 Losses (gains) on change in fair value of derivatives (f) 
 (0.20) (0.03) 0.05 Other (j) 
 (0.00) (0.01) 0.03 Tax benefit of stock option exercises (h) 
 (0.00) (0.15) (0.10) Tax effect of total adjustments (i) 
 (0.04) (0.08) (0.19) Adjusted Diluted EPS 0.65 1.48 0.91 Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 80,298 96,134 82,793 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. Some of the totals in the table above do not foot due to rounding differences. 
 ____________ 
 (a) Non-cash charges related to stock-based compensation programs, which vary from period to period depending on the timing of awards and performance vesting conditions. 
 (b) Reflects write-off of primarily property, equipment and lease related assets on closed or underperforming stores. 
 (c) Expenses associated with settlement of certain litigation. 
 (d) Amortization of the increase in carrying values of finite-lived intangible assets resulting from the application of purchase accounting to the KKR Acquisition. 
 (e) Amortization of deferred financing costs and other non-cash charges related to our long-term debt, including amortization of the conversion feature related to the 2025 Notes of 10.0 million for fiscal year 2020. We adjust for amortization of deferred financing costs related to the 2025 Notes only when adjustment for these costs is not required in the calculation of diluted earnings per share under U.S. GAAP. 
 (f) Reflects losses (gains) recognized in interest expense on change in fair value of de-designated hedges. 
 (g) Other adjustments include amounts that management believes are not representative of our operating performance (amounts in brackets represent reductions in Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA), which are primarily related to excess payroll taxes on stock option exercises, executive severance and relocation and other expenses and adjustments, including our share of (gains) losses on equity method investments of (2.7) million and (2.4) million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, and losses on other investments of 0.3 million for fiscal year 2022. 
 (h) Tax benefit associated with accounting guidance requiring excess tax benefits related to stock option exercises to be recorded in earnings as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. 
 (i) Represents the income tax effect of the total adjustments at our combined statutory federal and state income tax rates. 
 (j) Reflects other expenses in (g) above, including the impact of stranded tax effect of (2.1) million for fiscal year 2021 associated with our interest rate swaps that matured in 2021, and 0.1 million and 0.2 million of debt issuance costs for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary cash needs are for inventory, payroll, store rent, advertising, capital expenditures associated with new stores and updating existing stores, as well as information and remote medicine technology and infrastructure, including our corporate office, distribution centers and laboratories. When appropriate, the Company may utilize excess liquidity towards debt service requirements, including voluntary debt prepayments, or required interest and principal payments, if any, as well as repurchases of common stock, based on excess cash flows. The most significant components of our operating assets and liabilities are inventories, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable, deferred and unearned revenue and other payables and accrued expenses. We exercise prudence in our use of cash and closely monitor various items related to cash flow including, but not limited to, cash receipts, cash disbursements, payment terms and alternative sources of funding. We continue to be focused on these items in addition to other key measures we use to determine how our consolidated business and operating segments are performing. We believe that cash on hand, cash expected to be generated from operations and the availability of borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our working capital requirements, liquidity obligations, anticipated capital expenditures and payments due under our existing debt for the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Depending on our liquidity levels, conditions in the capital markets and other factors, we may from time to time consider the refinancing or issuance of debt, issuance of equity or other securities, the proceeds of which could provide additional liquidity for our operations, as well as modifications to our term loan where possible. However, our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity may be affected by numerous factors, many of which are outside of our control. We primarily fund our working capital needs using cash provided by operations. Our working capital requirements for inventory will increase as we continue to open additional stores. 
 As of fiscal year end 2022, we had 229.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and 293.6 million of availability under our revolving credit facility, which includes 6.4 million in outstanding letters of credit. 
 The following table summarizes cash flows provided by (used for) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 In thousands Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Cash flows provided by (used for): Operating activities 119,198 258,938 234,981 Investing activities (110,894) (92,897) (76,410) Financing activities (84,556) (234,324) 176,281 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (76,252) (68,283) 334,852 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased by 139.7 million to 119.2 million, during fiscal year 2022 from 258.9 million during fiscal year 2021 as a result of a 86.1 million decrease in net income, changes in net working capital and other assets and liabilities, which used an additional 38.6 million in cash and a decrease in non-cash expense adjustments of 15.0 million, in each case, as compared to fiscal year 2021. 
 Working capital was most significantly impacted by changes in other liabilities, accounts receivable and inventories. Decreases in other liabilities used 30.9 million in year-over-year cash primarily due to decreases in compensation related and advertising accruals, partially offset by increases in payroll taxes payable. Increases in accounts receivable balances used 26.0 million in year-over-year cash primarily due to year-over-year increases in trade and credit card receivables as a result of higher sales in the last week of fiscal year 2022 when compared to the same period of 2021, as well as increases in other receivables. Decreases in inventory contributed 13.0 million in year-over-year cash primarily due to increased purchases, including inventory forward buys, during 2021. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities increased by 24.0 million to 258.9 million, or 10.2 , during fiscal year 2021 from 235.0 million during fiscal year 2020 as a result of net income of 92.0 million, offset by a decrease in non-cash expense items of 13.2 million, and changes in net working capital and other assets and liabilities, which used an additional 54.8 million in cash compared to fiscal year 2020. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Working capital was most significantly impacted by changes in inventories, accounts payable, other liabilities, and accounts receivable. Increases in inventory and decreases in accounts payable, which used 26.3 million and 24.6 million in year-over-year cash, respectively, were primarily due to increased purchases including inventory forward buys and other payments during 2021. Decreases in other liabilities used 17.8 million in year-over-year cash primarily due to decreases in compensation related accruals of 17.1 million including payment of CARES Act deferred employer payroll taxes and lease concessions and deferrals of 5.9 million, partially offset by lower payments of litigation settlements and increases in advertising and promotional efforts during the year. Offsetting these items were decreases in accounts receivable balances, which contributed 14.9 million in year-over-year cash, primarily due to year-over-year decreases in outstanding credit card receivables as a result of lower sales in the last week of fiscal year 2021 when compared to the same period of 2020. 
 Net Cash Used for Investing Activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities increased by 18.0 million, to 110.9 million, during fiscal year 2022 from 92.9 million during fiscal year 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased capital investments in remote medicine and new store openings. We purchased 113.5 million in capital items during fiscal year 2022. Approximately 80 to 85 of o ur capital spend is related to our expected growth (i.e., new stores, remote medicine infrastructure, EHR, optometric equipment, additional capacity in our optical laboratories and distribution centers, and our IT infrastructure, including omni-channel platform related investments). 
 Net cash used for investing activities increased by 16.5 million, to 92.9 million, during fiscal year 2021 from 76.4 million during fiscal year 2020. The increase was primarily due to new store openings, offset partially by proceeds of 2.4 million in connection with the sale of the Company s equity method investee. Refer to Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies for more information on the sale. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities 
 Net cash used for financing activities decreased 149.8 million, from 234.3 million use of cash during fiscal year 2021 to 84.6 million use of cash during fiscal year 2022 . The decrease in cash used for financing activities was primarily due to voluntary term loan prepayments of 167.4 million in fiscal year 2021 that did not recur in fiscal year 2022, partially offset by increases in purchases of treasury stock of 11.1 million and decreases in proceeds from issuance of common stock of 8.1 million during fiscal year 2022. 
 Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities decreased 410.6 million, from 176.3 million provision of cash during fiscal year 2020 to 234.3 million use of cash during fiscal year 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the prepayment of our term loan of 167.4 million and increases in purchases of treasury stock of 72.6 million during fiscal year 2021 compared to proceeds of 548.8 million from the issuance of the 2025 Notes and borrowings on our revolving credit facility partially offset by principal payments on long-term debt of 369.3 million during fiscal year 2020. 

Long-term Debt 
 The following table sets forth the amounts owed under our term loan and the 2025 Notes and the interest rate on such outstanding amounts, and the amount available for additional borrowing thereunder, as of the end of fiscal year 2022: 
 In thousands Interest Rate (2) 
 Amount Outstanding Amount Available for Additional Borrowing 2025 Notes, due May 15, 2025 Fixed 402,497 Term loan, due July 18, 2024 Variable 150,000 Revolving credit facility, due July 18, 2024 (1) 
 Variable 293,619 Total 552,497 293,619 
 ____________ 
 (1) At December 31, 2022, the amount available under our revolving credit facility reflected a reduction of 6.4 million of letters of credit outstanding. 
 (2) The interest rate on the term loan and revolving credit facility pursuant to the Credit Agreement is at an Applicable Margin range from 1.25 to 2.00 for LIBOR Loans with LIBOR to not be lower than 0.00 in any period, and an Applicable Margin range from 0.25 to 1.00 for ABR Loans, as of fiscal year end 2022. The 2025 Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2020, at an annual rate of 2.50 . 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Share Repurchase Authority 
 Effective November 8, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 50 million aggregate amount of shares of the Company's common stock. On November 29, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an increase from 50 million to 100 million in aggregate amount of shares of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under the Company s current share repurchase program. On February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a 100 million increase to the share repurchase authorization, for a total authorization of 200 million. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the Company s discretion through one or more open market or privately negotiated transactions, and pursuant to pre-set trading plans meeting the requirements of all applicable securities laws and regulations. Shares may be repurchased under the program through December 30, 2023. The timing and amounts of any such repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of the Company s shares, general market and economic conditions, legal requirements and tax implications. The Company expects to fund the share repurchases using cash on hand. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased 2.7 million shares of its common stock for 80.0 million, and 1.4 million shares of its common stock for 69.9 million, respectively, under the share repurchase program. After these repurchases, approximately 50 million remains available under the share repurchase authorization as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 In thousands Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 New stores (owned brands) 49,761 40,058 27,865 Laboratories, distribution centers and optometric equipment 30,073 20,900 19,882 Information technology and other 33,713 34,557 29,076 Total 113,547 95,515 76,823 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 
 
 We expect capital expenditures in fiscal year 2023 to be approximately between 115 million and 120 million and to be used primarily in supporting the Company s growth through investments in new stores, remote medicine, EHR, optical laboratories, and IT infrastructure. We expect to fund capital expenditures with cash flows from operations, but may also use existing cash balances or funds available through our revolving credit facility. 

Material Cash Requirements 
 As of fiscal year end 2022, our current and long-term material cash requirements include the following commitments and contractual obligations: 
 In thousands 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Term loan (a) 
 150,000 150,000 2025 Notes (b) 
 402,497 402,497 Revolving credit facility (c) 
 Estimated interest (d) 
 18,513 14,757 3,773 37,043 Noncancelable operating leases (e) 
 86,429 91,376 87,377 68,295 54,316 111,803 499,596 Finance leases (f) 
 5,569 4,734 4,888 4,496 3,623 3,265 26,575 Other commitments (g) 
 49,203 37,495 30,238 3,662 120,598 Total 159,714 298,362 528,773 76,453 57,939 115,068 1,236,309 
 ____________ 
 (a) Refer to Note 4. Long-term Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on our term loan. 
 (b) Refer to Note 4. Long-term Debt for more information on the 2025 Notes and Note 13. Earnings Per Share for the treatment of earnings per share in relation to the 2025 Notes. 
 (c) Refer to Note 4. Long-term Debt for more information on our revolving credit facility. 
 (d) We have estimated our interest payments on our term loan based on LIBOR as of the end of fiscal year 2022. Amounts and timing may be different from our estimated interest payments due to potential voluntary prepayments, borrowings, interest rate fluctuations and the expected discontinuation of LIBOR. Expected obligations on our hedging instruments are excluded from estimated interest presented in the table above. Refer to Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies for more information on the cessation of LIBOR. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 (e) We lease our retail stores, optometric examination offices, distribution centers, office space and all of our optical laboratories with the exception of our St. Cloud, Minnesota lab, which we own. The vast majority of our leases are classified as operating leases under current accounting guidance. Although rent expense on operating leases is recorded in SG A on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, contractual obligations above represent required cash payments. Our lease arrangements require us to pay executory costs such as insurance, real estate taxes and common area maintenance and some of our leases are based on a percentage of sales. These expenses are generally variable, not included above, and were approximately 33.1 million during fiscal year ended 2022. Refer to Note 8. Leases for our current and long-term lease payment obligations. 
 (f) For leases classified as finance leases, the finance lease asset is recorded as property and equipment and a corresponding amount is recorded as a long-term debt obligation in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the net present value of the minimum lease payments to be made over the lease term for new finance leases. We allocate each lease payment between a reduction of the lease obligation and interest expense using the effective interest method. Finance lease amounts above represent required contractual cash payments in the periods presented. Refer to Note 8. Leases for our current and long-term lease payment obligations. 
 (g) Other commitments include minimum purchase commitments with certain trade vendors and contractual agreements to purchase goods or services in the ordinary course of business. 
 In addition to lease commitments and contractual obligations, our material cash requirements also include operating expenses such as payroll, store rent, and advertising expenses, which we expect to fund primarily with existing cash balances and cash flows from operations. 
 
 We follow U.S. GAAP in making the determination as to whether or not to record an asset or liability related to our arrangements with third parties. Consistent with current accounting guidance, we do not record an asset or liability associated with long-term purchase, marketing and promotional commitments, or commitments to philanthropic endeavors. We have disclosed the amount of future commitments associated with these items in our consolidated financial statements. We are not a party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Management evaluates the accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 We have evaluated the accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes and believe those policies to be reasonable and appropriate. Certain of these accounting policies require the application of significant judgment in selecting appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on historical experience, trends in the industry, information provided by customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. More information on all of our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K, as well as in certain other notes to the consolidated financial statements as indicated below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 At our America s Best brand, our signature offer is two pairs of eyeglasses and a free eye exam for one low price. Since an eye exam is a key component in the ability for acceptable prescription eyewear to be delivered to a customer, we concluded that the eye exam service, while capable of being distinct from the eyeglass product delivery, was not distinct in the context of the two-pair offer. As a result, we do not allocate revenue to the eye exam associated with the two-pair offer, and we record all revenue associated with the offer in net product sales when the customer has received and accepted the merchandise. 
 We recognize revenue across our product protection plan and club membership contract portfolio based on the value delivered to the customers relative to the remaining services promised under the programs. We determine the value delivered based on the expected timing and amount of customer usage of benefits over the terms of the contracts. A 100 basis point change in our estimate of value delivered to customers compared to expected customer usage of benefits would have affected revenues in fiscal year 2022 by approximately 2 million; this amount would have been recognized at different times over the contract period. 
 Unearned revenue at the end of a reporting period is estimated based on processing and delivery times throughout the current month and generally ranges from approximately seven to 10 days. All unearned revenue at the end of a reporting period is recognized in the next fiscal period. A one day increase in our estimate of the average days needed to process delivery would have affected revenues in fiscal year 2022 by approximately 5 million, which would ultimately have been recorded in the next fiscal year. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 The Company considers its revenue from managed care customers to include variable consideration and estimates such amounts associated with managed care customer revenues using the history of concessions provided and cash receipts from managed care providers; a 100 basis point change in our rate of concessions granted would have reduced our revenues in fiscal year 2022 by approximately 4 million. 
 See Note 7. Revenue from Contracts With Customers in our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Impairment of P E and ROU assets 
 In evaluating store-level property and equipment and ROU assets for recoverability and impairment, we may consider multiple factors including financial performance of the stores, regional and local business climates, future plans for the store operations and other qualitative factors. We estimate the fair value of the asset group using an income approach based on discounted cash flows, which requires estimates and assumptions of forecasted store revenue growth rates and store profitability. We consider market-based indications of prevailing rental rates, lease incentives and discount rates for retail space when estimating the fair value of ROU assets. Developing the estimates and assumptions used in our recovery and impairment evaluations require significant judgment. The cash flows used in estimating fair value were discounted using market rates from 7.5 to 10 in fiscal year 2022. 
 We had 359.8 million of property and equipment, net, and ROU assets of 382.8 million as of December 31, 2022. Changes in estimates and assumptions used in our impairment testing of property and equipment could result in future impairment losses, which could be material. We recognized impairments of 5.8 million, 4.4 million and 22.0 million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to our long-lived tangible store assets and ROU assets. 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 We calculate the fair value of our reporting units using the income approach based on discounted cash flows analysis whereby estimated after-tax cash flows are discounted using a weighted average cost of capital. The cash flows used in the analysis are based on financial forecasts developed internally by management and require significant judgment. Significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the reporting units include revenue growth rates, payroll and other expense growth rates, capital expenditures and discount rates. These assumptions are sensitive to future changes in the business profitability, changes in our business strategy, customer concentration risk and external market conditions, among other factors. See Note 3. Goodwill and Intangible Assets to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K for further detail on goodwill impairment. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 777.6 million of goodwill, 240.5 million of non-amortizing intangible assets, and 34.7 million of other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization. Changes in estimates and assumptions used in our impairment testing could result in future impairment losses, which could be material. Significant judgments and assumptions are required in our impairment evaluations. 
 In our most recent goodwill impairment test, the fair value of our Legacy segment, to which 60.0 million of goodwill is allocated, exceeded its carrying value by approximately 9 . Our Legacy segment has been affected by the challenging macroeconomic environment. Considering the challenging environment, the fair value of our Legacy segment assumes lower levels of profitability in the near term than the Legacy segment has historically experienced, followed by a gradual improvement in profitability to the low end of the Legacy segment s historical profitability range. The fair values of our other reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values by at least 60 . Future changes in a reporting unit s business profitability, expected cash flows, changes in business strategy and external market conditions, among other factors, could require us to record an impairment charge for goodwill. A 100 basis point increase in discount rates used to estimate the fair value of the Company s reporting units would result in an approximate 3 million impairment of the Company s goodwill balance in the Legacy segment at the end of fiscal year 2022. The Legacy segment s operations are sensitive to customer concentration. 
 When evaluating indefinite-lived, non-amortizing trademarks and trade names for impairment, we use the relief-from-royalty method to estimate fair value, whereby an estimated royalty rate is determined based on comparable licensing arrangements, which is then applied to the revenue projections for the subject asset. The estimated fair value is calculated using a discounted cash flow analysis. We record an impairment charge as the excess of carrying value over estimated fair value. A 100 basis point increase in discount rates used to estimate the fair value of the Company s trademarks and trade names would not result in an impairment at fiscal year-end. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 If impairment indicators related to finite-lived, amortizing intangible assets are present, we estimate cash flows expected to be generated over the remaining useful lives of the related assets based on current projections. If the projected net undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the related assets, we then measure impairment based on a discounted cash flow model and record an impairment charge as the excess of carrying value over the estimated fair value. A 100 basis point increase in the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the Company s Legacy segment contracts and relationships asset would not result in an impairment at fiscal year-end. 
 Income Taxes 
 Calculations and assessments of uncertain tax positions involve estimates and complex judgments because the ultimate tax outcomes are uncertain and future events are unpredictable. Our net deferred liability balance as of December 31, 2022 was 93.9 million. Changes in assumptions in our estimates could result in material changes to these balances. See Note 6. Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Inventories 
 Inventory shrinkage is estimated and recorded throughout the period in cost of sales based on historical results and current inventory levels. Inventory values are adjusted for estimated obsolescence and written down to net realizable value NRV based on estimates of current and anticipated demand, customer preference, merchandise age, planned promotional activities, compliance with contact lens vendor return policies, and estimates of future retail sales prices. Actual shrinkage is recorded throughout the year based upon periodic physical counts. As of December 31, 2022, our total inventory balance was 123.2 million. A 10 increase in the obsolescence and shrinkage reserves will not have a material impact on our financial position. See Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have market risk exposure from changes in interest rates. When appropriate, we use derivative financial instruments to mitigate the risk from such exposure. A discussion of our accounting policies for derivative financial instruments is included in Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies and Note 9. Fair Value Measurement to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 A portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase, the interest rate on our variable rate debt will increase and will create higher debt service requirements, which would adversely affect our cash flow and could adversely impact our results of operations. Our interest rate collar is intended to mitigate some of the effects of increases in interest rates. Refer to Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on the cessation of LIBOR. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 150.0 million of term loan borrowings were subject to variable interest rates, with a weighted average borrowing rate of 3.1 . An increase to market rates of 1.0 as of December 31, 2022 would not result in a material increase to interest expense. Assuming a decrease to market rates of 1.0 , the resulting impact to interest expense related to the interest rate derivative would be approximately 4 million. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 71 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 , January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 , January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 , January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 78 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 108 

70 

Table of contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of National Vision Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for debt with conversion options for the year ended January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging 
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an 
 Entity s Own Equity. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Legacy Segment Reporting Unit Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company used the income approach, which is based on a discounted cash flow analysis and calculated the fair value of reporting units by estimating after-tax cash flows discounted using a weighted average cost of capital discount rate. The determination of fair value using the discounted cash flow method requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the discount rate. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. The goodwill balance was 777.6 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 60.1 million was allocated to the Legacy Segment Reporting Unit. The fair value of the Legacy Segment Reporting Unit exceeded its 
 71 

Table of contents 

carrying value as of the measurement date and, therefore, no impairment was recognized. The Legacy Segment Reporting Unit s operations are sensitive to customer concentration. 
 We identified goodwill for the Legacy Segment Reporting Unit as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and the difference between its fair value and carrying value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to selection of the discount rate, specifically due to the customer concentration within the reporting unit. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the discount rate used by management to estimate the fair value of the Legacy Segment Reporting Unit included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value and related to management s selection of the discount rate. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology and (2) the selected discount rate by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 
 /s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 In Thousands, Except Par Value 
 ASSETS As of December 31, 2022 As of January 1, 2022 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Noncurrent assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Trademarks and trade names Other intangible assets, net Right of use assets Other assets Total noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Other payables and accrued expenses Unearned revenue Deferred revenue Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Current operating lease obligations Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities: Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, less current portion and debt discount Noncurrent operating lease obligations Deferred revenue Other liabilities Deferred income taxes, net Total noncurrent liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 11) Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 In Thousands, Except Earnings Per Share 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Revenue: Net product sales Net sales of services and plans Total net revenue Costs applicable to revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization): Products Services and plans Total costs applicable to revenue Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Asset impairment Other income, net ) ) ) Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest expense, net Earnings before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Comprehensive income: Net income Unrealized gain (loss) on hedge instruments ) Tax provision (benefit) of unrealized gain (loss) on hedge instruments ) Comprehensive income 
 
 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 In Thousands 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balances at December 28, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) Balances at December 29, 2019 - as adjusted ) ) Issuance of common stock Stock based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Conversion option related to convertible senior notes, net of allocated costs and tax Unrealized gain (loss) on hedge instruments, net of tax ) ) Net income Balances at January 2, 2021 ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) Balances at January 3, 2021 - as adjusted ) ) Issuance of common stock Stock based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on hedge instruments, net of tax Net income Balances at January 1, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock Stock based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Settlement of 2025 Notes ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on hedge instruments, net of tax Net income Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 In Thousands 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs Asset impairment Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Stock based compensation expense Losses (gains) on change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Inventory adjustments Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Operating lease right of use assets and liabilities ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Deferred and unearned revenue Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Other Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on long-term debt, net of discounts Repayments on long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Payments on finance lease obligations ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental cash flow disclosure information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Capital expenditures accrued at the end of the period 
 
 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Index to Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
 78 
 2. Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts 
 85 
 3. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 87 
 4. Long-term Debt 
 89 
 5. Stock Incentive Plans 
 91 
 6. Income Taxes 
 94 
 7. Revenue From Contracts With Customers 
 96 
 8. Leases 
 97 
 9. Fair Value Measurement 
 99 
 10. Deferred Revenue 
 101 
 11. Commitments and Contingencies 
 102 
 12. Interest Rate Derivatives 
 103 
 13. Earnings Per Share 
 103 
 14. Segment Reporting 
 104 
 15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 107 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 and retail optical locations in the United States and its territories as of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, through our store brands, including America s Best Contacts and Eyeglasses America s Best ), Eyeglass World, Vista Optical locations on select U.S. Army/Air Force military bases Military and within select Fred Meyer stores, and our management services arrangement with Walmart Legacy ). 
 We sell eyeglasses, contact lenses and optical accessory products to retail customers through proprietary retail web sites and web sites on behalf of certain independent retailers and insurance companies. We also distribute contact lenses to Walmart and Sam s Club store locations. 
 We also operate a specialized health maintenance organization HMO that is licensed as a single-service health plan under California law. The HMO issues individual vision plans in connection with our America s Best operations in California, and provides, or arranges for the provision of, optometric services at the offices next to certain Walmart stores throughout California. 
 professional corporations. The total assets of the consolidated VIEs included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, were million and million, respectively, and the total liabilities of the consolidated VIEs were million and million, respectively. 
 Share Repurchases 
 Effective November 8, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to million aggregate amount of shares of the Company's common stock. On November 29, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an increase from million to million in aggregate amount of shares of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under the Company s current share repurchase program. On February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a million increase to the share repurchase authorization, for a total authorization of million. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the Company s discretion through one or more open market or privately negotiated transactions, and pursuant to pre-set trading plans meeting 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of its common stock for million, and million shares of its common stock for million, respectively, under the share repurchase program. After these repurchases, approximately million remains available under the share repurchase authorization. The Company expects to fund any future share repurchases using existing cash balances. Repurchased shares are reflected in Treasury stock on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 CARES Act 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, among other things, accelerates a company s ability to recover Alternative Minimum Tax AMT refundable credits that otherwise could have been claimed in 2020 and 2021, to 2018 and 2019, with an option to elect recovery of the full credit amount for 2018. In addition, as a result of the employee retention credits made available under the CARES Act for U.S. associates the Company recognized million as a reduction to costs of products, million as a reduction to costs of services and plans, and million as a reduction to SG A during fiscal year 2020. The Company recognizes government grants for which there is a reasonable assurance of compliance with grant conditions and receipt of credits. Amounts receivable under the CARES Act were million as of December 31, 2022 and as of January 1, 2022. We elected to offset credits recognized under the CARES Act against payroll taxes that would otherwise be payable as of January 1, 2022. 
 In addition to the CARES Act, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, H.R. 133 was signed into law on December 27, 2020 and, among other things, allows for 100 deductibility of meals and entertainment expenses for the tax years ending in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 million, million and million for the fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 See Note 2. Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts for further details. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 of contact lens expenditures were with three vendors and of lens expenditures were with one vendor. This exposes us to vendor concentration risk. We are less exposed to a supplier risk for our eyeglass frames as only of frame expenditures were with two vendors. 
 years Equipment - years 
 Information technology hardware and software (a) 
 - years 
 Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements (b) 
 - years 
 P E under finance leases (b) 
 years ____________ 
 (a) Costs of developing or obtaining software for internal use, such as direct costs of materials or services and internal payroll costs related to the software development projects, are capitalized to information technology hardware and software. 
 (b) Depreciation of leasehold improvements is recognized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the term of the lease. The term of the lease includes renewal options for additional periods if the exercise of the renewal is considered to be reasonably assured. 
 
 years. Amortization expense associated with finite-lived intangible assets is included in Depreciation and amortization in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Goodwill is impaired if a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, and impairment is calculated as the excess between carrying value over fair value. We consider each of our operating segments to be reporting units. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using the income approach, which is based on a discounted cash flow analysis and calculate the fair value of reporting units by estimating after-tax cash flows discounted using a weighted average cost of capital. The cash flows used in the analysis are based on financial forecasts developed internally by management and require significant judgment. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the reporting units are revenue growth rate, cost of sales, payroll expense growth rate and other store expenses growth rate. These assumptions are sensitive to future changes in the business profitability, changes in our business strategy and external market conditions, among other factors. A decrease to the long term revenue growth rate assumption or an increase to the expense growth rate assumptions could require us to record goodwill impairment charges. 
 If impairment indicators related to amortizing intangible assets are present, we estimate cash flows expected to be generated over the remaining useful lives of the related assets based on current projections. If the projected net undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the related assets, we then measure impairment based on a discounted cash flow model and record an impairment charge as the excess of carrying value over estimated fair value. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

See Note 3. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further detail on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 
 million upon the consummation of the sale. The Company subsequently received million in fiscal year 2022 related to an earnout associated with the sale. These proceeds were included in Other in the investing section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As a result of this transaction, and as the carrying value of the investment was , the Company recorded a gain on sale of equity method investment in Other income, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations of million in fiscal year 2022 and million in fiscal year 2021. 
 Refer to Long-lived Asset Impairment section below and Note 9. Fair Value Measurement for the Company s recurring and non-recurring fair value measurements. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Noncurrent portion Other Assets Total estimated recoveries from reinsurance 
 See Note 12. Interest Rate Derivatives for further details. 
 
 See Note 15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss for details of reclassifications out of AOCL. 
 days; all unearned revenue at the end of a reporting period is recognized in the next fiscal period. 
 Revenue is recognized net of sales taxes and returns and includes amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling costs. The returns allowance is based on historical return patterns. Provisions for estimated returns are established and the expected costs continue to be recognized as reductions to revenue when the products are sold. Shipping and handling costs are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in costs applicable to revenue. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 We reduced our net revenue for variable considerations of million, million and million during the fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 7. Revenue from Contracts With Customers for further details of our revenues. 
 Advertising expenses were million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 years, with an option to renew for additional terms of one to years or more. The lease term includes renewal option periods when the renewal is deemed reasonably certain after considering the value of the leasehold improvements at the end of the noncancelable lease period. Most leases for our stores provide for a minimum rent and typically include escalating rent over time with the exception of Military for which lease payments are variable and based on a percentage of sales. For Vista Optical locations in Fred Meyer stores, we pay the greater of fixed rent or a percentage of sales after certain minimum thresholds are achieved. The Company s leases generally require us to pay insurance, real estate taxes and common area maintenance expenses, substantially all of which are variable and not included in the measurement of the lease liability. Our lease arrangements frequently include tenant improvement allowances (TIAs), which are contractual amounts received or receivable from a lessor for improvements made to leased properties by the Company. For operating leases, TIAs are treated as a reduction of the lease payments used to measure the ROU assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized as a reduction in rental expense over the life of the respective leases. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. With respect to lease accounting guidance, the Company s management services agreement with its Legacy partner does not contain a lease arrangement. 
 The lease liability is measured at the present value of future lease payments over the lease term less TIAs receivable, and the ROU asset is measured at the lease liability amount, adjusted for prepaid lease payments, TIAs received and the lessee s initial direct costs. As the rate implicit in the Company s leases is not easily determinable, the Company s incremental borrowing rate is used in calculating the present value of the sum of the lease payments. Factors incorporated into the calculation of the lease incremental borrowing rate include lease term, borrowing rates 
 83 

Table of Contents 

See Note 5. Stock Incentive Plan for further details related to our stock-based compensation plans. 
 million and million, respectively, related to a write-off of certain capitalized software costs that were deemed to be obsolete due to a decision to cease further development. We did recognize impairment related to capitalized software costs in fiscal year 2022. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 6. Income Taxes for further details. 
 million as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06 the Company eliminated the equity components related to its convertible debt and increased the related liability components by million. In addition, as a result of the adoption, our deferred tax liabilities decreased by million and additional paid-in capital decreased by million. 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Pronouncements 
 Reference Rate Reform. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has issued guidance at various points over the last several years that provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that may be affected by the cessation of the London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR. We are currently able to apply this new guidance for contract modifications as of any date from the beginning of an interim period that includes or is subsequent to March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2024. A portion of our debt is subject to interest payments that are indexed to LIBOR; additionally, we are party to an interest rate derivative based on LIBOR. We are currently evaluating the effect of this guidance and have not applied the provisions of this guidance during the current fiscal year. Our credit agreement contains methodologies for replacing LIBOR with an alternative reference rate; our interest rate derivative does not contain replacement provisions, but we expect an orderly transition of our derivative s reference rate. We currently do not anticipate material effects on our operating results, financial position or cash flows as a result of adopting the new guidance. Notwithstanding, it is possible that the adoption of this guidance will have a material adverse effect on any or all of our operating results, financial position or cash flows. 
 The FASB issued other accounting guidance during fiscal year 2022 that is not currently applicable or expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements, and therefore, is not described above. 

2. 
 Restricted cash included in other assets 

85 

Table of Contents 

 Credit card receivables Other receivables (1) 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) (1) Includes CARES Act receivable in the amount of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Finished goods (1) Due to the immaterial amount of estimated work in process and the short lead times for the conversion of raw materials to finished goods, the Company does not separately present raw materials and work in process. 
 Equipment Information technology hardware and software Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Right of use assets under finance leases Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Self-insurance liabilities Capital expenditures Advertising Reserves for customer returns and remakes Legacy management services agreement Supplies and other store support expenses Litigation settlements Fair value of derivative liabilities Other 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Self-insurance liabilities Other 
 
 3. 
 ) ) Legacy Segment Corporate/Other ) ) ) ) 
 Accumulated goodwill impairment relates to our Fred Meyer, Military and AC Lens reporting units. 
 Eyeglass World 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Fred Meyer Customer database Other 
 We extended our relationship with Walmart in fiscal year 2020. We extended our relationship with Fred Meyer in fiscal year 2022. Refer to Note 14. Segment Reporting for more information on these relationships. We intend to maintain our intangible assets. 
 Aggregate amortization expense is included in Depreciation and amortization in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 Term loan, due July 18, 2024 Revolving credit facility, due July 18, 2024 Long-term debt before debt discount Unamortized discount and issuance costs - 2025 Notes ) ) Unamortized discount and issuance costs - term loan ) ) Long-term debt less debt discount Less current maturities Long-term debt - noncurrent portion Finance lease obligations Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, less current portion and debt discount 
 2025 Notes 
 In May 2020, we completed the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due on May 15, 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), pursuant to an indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank, dated as of May 12, 2020 (the Indenture ). The 2025 Notes were sold only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The 2025 Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2020, at an annual rate of . 
 We received proceeds from the offering of million, net of million in underwriter fees and other issuance costs. We used million of the net proceeds from the offering to repay all outstanding amounts under the revolving credit facility and million to partially repay the first lien term loan in an aggregate principal amount of million (the term loan ). The remainder of the net proceeds are being used for general corporate purposes. 
 Prior to February 15, 2025, the 2025 Notes are convertible at the option of the holder only under the following circumstances: 
 (i) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2020 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price (as defined in the Indenture) per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the Conversion Price (as defined in the Indenture) for each of at least Trading Days (as defined in the Indenture), whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; 
 (ii) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive Trading Day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the Trading Price (as defined in the Indenture) per principal amount of the 2025 Notes for each Trading Day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of the Company s common stock on such Trading Day and the conversion rate (as described below) on such Trading Day; 
 (iii) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock, as described in the Indenture; or 
 (iv) if the Company calls such Notes for redemption. 
 On or after February 15, 2025 until 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the second Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the Indenture) immediately before the maturity date, the 2025 Notes will be convertible at the option of the holder at any time. 
 The 2025 Notes are initially convertible at a conversion rate of 32.0783 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2025 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of our common stock and we reserved for the possible issuance of million shares, which is the maximum amount that could be issued upon conversion. See Note 13. Earnings Per Share for the treatment of earnings per share in relation to the 2025 Notes. The holders of our term loan would have preference over the holders of the 2025 Notes in the event of a liquidation. 
 The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 as of January 3, 2021. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the cash conversion and the beneficial conversion feature models. Under the new convertible debt framework, the Company eliminated the equity components and increased the debt balance. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation for further discussion of the adoption of ASU 2020-06. As a result of adopting ASU 2020-06, our effective interest rate decreased from as of January 2, 2021 to starting in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Amortization of issuance costs 
 As of December 31, 2022, the remaining period for the unamortized debt issuance costs balance was approximately . An immaterial amount of the principal balance of the 2025 Notes was converted during fiscal year 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the stock price conditions under which the 2025 Notes can be converted at the holders option were not met. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On July 18, 2019, our credit agreement, dated as of October 9, 2018 was amended and restated to establish a new first lien term loan of million to repay all principal, interest fees and other amounts outstanding before the amendment and establish a new revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million, including a million letter of credit sublimit. 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in our credit agreement. During the second quarter of 2021, the Company amended its credit agreement to, among other things, add customary LIBOR replacement provisions, modify the applicable margins used to calculate the rate of interest payable on the first lien term loans thereunder to a range of to for LIBOR Loans and a range of to for ABR Loans, modify certain financial covenants related to maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage and remove the LIBOR floor, such that LIBOR shall be deemed to be no less than per annum (instead of per annum previously in effect). 
 Pursuant to our credit agreement, the Company will not permit (i) the Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio to be negative or greater than (x) to 1.00 with respect to the last day of the Company s second and third fiscal quarters of 2021 and (y) to 1.00 from and after the last day of the Company s fourth fiscal quarter of 2021, subject to certain step-ups after the consummation of a Material Acquisition, or (ii) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of the Company as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company to be less than to 1.00. 
 The amendment also contains covenants that, among other things, limit NVI s ability to incur additional debt, create liens against assets, make acquisitions, pay dividends or distributions on its stock, merge or consolidate with another entity and transfer or sell assets. We were in compliance with all covenants related to our long-term debt as of December 31, 2022. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company partially prepaid million of term loan principal and wrote off associated deferred debt issuance costs of million. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company partially prepaid million of term loan principal and wrote off associated deferred debt issuance costs of million. As a result of prepayments of term loan principal, the Company has no additional mandatory principal payments on the term loan until maturity on July 18, 2024 and amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility. The borrowing capacity remaining as of December 31, 2022 was million due to a reduction of million for letters of credit outstanding. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

5. 
 plans. In connection with the initial public offering of our common stock (the IPO ), on October 23, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the National Vision Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan ). The total number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan is . The plan authorizes the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSAs, RSUs, PSUs, other equity-based awards and other cash-based awards to our associates, non-employee directors, officers, consultants and advisers. The Vision Holding Corp. 2013 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plans provided for the issuance of stock options to directors, certain associates and consultants of Vision Holding Corp., its subsidiaries and affiliates. In 2014, our Board of Directors and stockholders of the Company approved the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of National Vision Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Nautilus Parent, Inc.) and its subsidiaries (the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan ). There were stock options authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. All stock awards under these plans vest through continued service. All options under these plans have a contractual life of years. 
 The Company also provides associates the opportunity to purchase Company common shares through the Associate Stock Purchase Plan (the ASPP ), which the Company s Board of Directors adopted and its stockholders approved on June 6, 2018. The ASPP provides that up to shares of common stock, at par value of per share, may be offered and issued under the ASPP. 
 RSUs and PSUs RSAs Associate stock purchase plan Pre-tax stock based compensation expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) After-tax stock based compensation expense 
 Stock options RSUs and PSUs Unrecognized compensation cost in thousands 
 Expected remaining weighted-average period of expense recognition (in years) 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding options at December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 In thousands except per share values Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 Weighted average grant date fair value per share of options granted Fair value of options vested Aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised 
 
 to 
 to 
 Expected term range (in years) 
 
 Expected risk-free interest rate to 
 to 
 
 The expected term was based on the mid-point between the weighted average time to vesting and the contractual time to maturity . Most service-based options vest in equal installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. The risk free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve. The dividend yield was based on our expectation of not paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 Performance-based options 
 Exercised ) Outstanding options at December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 There were grants of performance-based options during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020. There were vests of performance-based options during fiscal years 2022 and 2021. The fair value of performance-based options vested during fiscal year 2020 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of performance-based options exercised during fiscal years 2022 was . The aggregate intrinsic value of performance-based options exercised during fiscal years 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2020 RSUs Weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted Total fair value of RSUs vested (In thousands) PSUs Weighted average grant date fair value of PSUs granted Total fair value of PSUs vested (In thousands) RSAs Weighted average grant date fair value of RSAs granted Total fair value of RSAs vested (In thousands) 
 Restricted stock units (RSUs) 
 Most RSUs vest in equal installments on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date. The RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 have million intrinsic value. Non-employee directors were granted RSUs in fiscal year 2022. 
 Performance stock units (PSUs) 
 PSUs are settled after the end of a performance period (i.e., cliff vesting), which begins on the first day of the grant year and are based on the Company s achievement of certain performance targets. The performance stock units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 have million intrinsic value. While the PSU amounts shown in the tables above reflect achievement at target, the number of PSUs ultimately vested will be based on a comparison of certified performance results to predefined performance criteria that include threshold, target and maximum attainment levels. 
 Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP) 
 Under the ASPP, eligible associates receive a discount from the market trading value of common stock of the Company at the time of purchase. Participants may contribute to the ASPP, not to exceed under the ASPP in any calendar year. During fiscal year 2022, the amount of shares issued to eligible participants through the ASPP was not material. 
 93 

Table of contents 

6. 
 State Deferred income tax: Federal ) State ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) 
 State income tax provision, net of federal income tax Increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) ) Executive compensation limitation Stranded tax effect of matured interest rate swaps ) Tax benefit of equity-based compensation deductions ) ) ) Other, net ) Net income tax provision (benefit) Effective income tax rate 
 The tax legislation signed into law on December 22, 2017 makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code including, but not limited to: (1) reducing the U.S. federal rate from 35 to 21 , effective January 1, 2018; (2) eliminating the corporate alternative minimum tax AMT and changing how the credits can be realized; (3) creating new limitations on deductions for interest expense; (4) changing rules related to limitations of net operating loss NOL carryforwards, and (5) enhancing and extending through 2026 the option to claim accelerated depreciation deductions on qualified property. 
 In August 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act IRA which, among other things, provides for a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax based on a prescribed measure of income as well as a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases. We are continuing to evaluate the provisions of the IRA but currently do not anticipate either of these provisions will have a material effect on our financial statements or operations, or our current share repurchase program. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Carryforwards Deferred revenue Accrued expenses and reserves Loss on equity and other investments Stock-based compensation Unrealized losses on hedging instruments Operating lease liabilities Subtotal Valuation allowances ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation of property and equipment ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) Unrealized gains on hedging instruments ) Right of use asset ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 As of fiscal year end 2022, our consolidated VIEs had available U.S. federal NOL carry-forwards aggregating to million that can be utilized to reduce future federal income taxes, of which million of carry-forward losses do not expire and million of carry-forward losses expire at the end of fiscal year 2037. We believe it is more likely than not that we will realize a tax benefit for these NOL s in the future except for million of NOL carry-forwards million tax effected) on certain consolidated VIEs where we recognized a full valuation allowance as of fiscal year end 2022. In addition, we have NOL carry-forwards in varying amounts and with varying expiration dates in various states in which we operate. 
 For the fiscal year end 2022, we have no federal credits remaining, but carry various state tax credits totaling million are available to offset certain future taxes. These state credits carry a valuation allowance of million as we do not expect to be able to utilize them in future tax years. 
 We have a million deferred income tax asset for capital losses associated with the losses realized on the sale of our equity method non-consolidated investee and other investments. We do not expect to generate significant capital gains in the near future. Therefore, we believe it is more likely than not that we will not realize a tax benefit for the majority of these deferred income tax assets, and accordingly we have established a full valuation allowance for the amount deemed unrealizable. 
 As a result of our utilization of NOL carry-forwards to reduce or eliminate subsequent years tax obligations, our federal and a substantial number of our state income tax returns for fiscal years 2001 through 2022 remain open for examination by the tax authorities. 
 The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions using a more-likely-than-not threshold and recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by tax authorities. The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis and considers various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in tax law, the measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, the effective settlement of matters subject to audit, information obtained during in-process audit activities and changes in facts or circumstances related to a tax position. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 and days, with most paying within days. For sales of in-store non-prescription eyewear and related accessories, and paid eye exams, we recognize revenue at the point of sale. Our point in time revenues include 1) retail sales of prescription and non-prescription eyewear, contact lenses and related accessories to retail customers (including those covered by managed care), 2) eye exams and 3) wholesale sales of inventory in which our customer is another retail entity. Revenues recognized over time primarily include product protection plans, eye care club memberships and management fees earned from our Legacy partner. 
 Revenues Recognized at a Point in Time 
 Owned Host 
 Within our Owned Host segment, product revenues include sales of prescription and non-prescription eyewear, contact lenses and related accessories to retail customers. 
 For sales of in-store non-prescription eyewear and related accessories, we recognize revenue at the point of sale. For sales of prescription eyewear, we recognize revenue when the performance obligations identified under the terms of contracts with our customers are satisfied, which generally occurs, for products, when those products have been delivered and accepted by our customers. Within our Owned Host segment services and plans revenues, eye exam services sold on a stand-alone basis are also recognized at the point of sale which occurs immediately after the exam is performed. 
 Legacy 
 Within our Legacy segment, product revenues include sales of prescription and non-prescription eyewear, contact lenses and related accessories to retail customers in transactions where the retail customer uses a managed-care payor; and wholesale sales of the same inventory types to the Legacy partner. 
 The revenue recognition for the retail sales are identical to similar sales in the Owned Host segment. 
 Wholesale sales of inventory to the Legacy partner are recognized at the point in time when control of the inventory has been transferred in accordance with the contractual terms and conditions of sale. Since the wholesale sales of inventory to the Legacy partner are a separate performance obligation in our management services agreement with the Legacy partner, we considered the appropriate allocation of consideration to wholesale inventory sales. We concluded that the difference between the stand-alone-selling price of the wholesale inventory and the contractual prices was not material. 
 Within our Legacy segment services and plans revenues, eye exam services sold to retail customers are recognized at the point of sale which occurs immediately after the exam is performed. 
 Corporate/Other 
 Revenues from our non-reportable Corporate/Other segment are attributable to wholly owned subsidiaries AC Lens and FirstSight Vision Services Inc. FirstSight ). AC Lens sells contact lenses and optical accessory products to retail customers through e-commerce, and recognizes revenue when products have been delivered to the customer. AC Lens also distributes contact lenses at its cost to Walmart and Sam s Club under fee for services arrangements. This revenue is recorded on a gross basis as AC Lens is the principal in the arrangement since AC Lens controls the products in those transactions before the products are transferred to the customer. 
 FirstSight issues individual vision plans in connection with our America s Best operations in California, and provides or arranges for the provision of optometric services at certain optometric offices next to Walmart and Sam s Club stores in California. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 term after purchase. We recognize service revenue under these programs on a straight-line basis over the warranty or service period which is consistent with our efforts expended to satisfy the obligation. We offer eyecare club memberships in our Owned Host segment to our contact lens customers. For these programs we apply the portfolio approach of recognizing revenues of contracts with similar characteristics and use estimates and assumptions that reflect the size and composition of the portfolio of contracts. We selected the portfolio approach because our historical club membership data demonstrate that our club customers behave similarly, such that the difference between the portfolio approach and calculating revenue of each individual contract is not material. We recognize revenue across the contract portfolio based on the value delivered to the customers relative to the remaining services promised under the programs. We determine the value delivered based on the expected timing and amount of customer usage of benefits over the terms of the contracts. The unamortized portion of amounts we collect in advance for these services and plans are reported as Deferred revenue (current and noncurrent portions) in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Legacy 
 Sales of services and plans in our Legacy segment include fees earned for managing the operations of our Legacy partner. These fees are recorded on a net basis and are based primarily on sales of products and product protection plans to non-managed care customers. We determined that under the terms of the arrangement our Legacy partner controls the products and services in the transaction with the retail customer and therefore we act as the agent in those transactions. We recognize this service revenue using the right to invoice method because our right to payment corresponds directly with the value of the management services provided to our Legacy partner. 
 Revenues recognized over time Total net revenue 
 Refer to Note 14. Segment Reporting for the Company s disaggregation of net revenue by reportable segment and product type. As the reportable segments are aligned by similar economic factors, trends and customers, the reportable segment disaggregation view best depicts how the nature, amount and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
 
 8. 
 months. The Company has elected to account for lease concessions and deferrals resulting directly from the COVID-19 pandemic as though the enforceable rights and obligations to the deferrals existed in the respective contracts at lease inception and will not account for the concessions as lease modifications, unless the concession results in a substantial increase in the Company s obligations. The majority of leases where we received a concession did not result in a substantial increase in our obligations. Lease concessions of million and million were recorded in Other payables and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Right of use assets (b) 
 Total leased assets LIABILITIES Current Liabilities: Finance Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Operating Current operating lease obligations (c) 
 Other noncurrent liabilities: Finance Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, less current portion and debt discount Operating Noncurrent operating lease obligations Total lease liabilities As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the net present value of minimum lease payments. We used the incremental borrowing rate on December 30, 2018 for operating leases that commenced prior to that date. 
 
 _________ 
 (a) Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 (b) TIA and deferred rent are treated as reductions of lease payments used to measure ROU assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. 
 (c) Current operating lease liabilities are measured net of TIA receivables of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 Variable lease cost (b) 
 Sublease income (c) 
 ) ) ) Finance lease cost Amortization of finance lease assets Interest on finance lease liabilities Net lease cost (a) Includes short-term leases, which are immaterial. 
 (b) Includes costs for insurance, real estate taxes and common area maintenance expenses, which are variable as well as lease costs above minimum thresholds for Fred Meyer stores and lease costs for Military stores. 
 (c) Income from sub-leasing of stores includes rental income from operating lease properties to independent optometrists. 
 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate (a) 
 Operating leases Finance leases (b) 
 (a) The discount rate used to determine the lease assets and lease liabilities was derived upon considering (i) incremental borrowing rates on our term loan and revolving credit facility; (ii) fixed rates on interest rate swaps; (iii) LIBOR margins for issuers of similar credit rating; and (iv) effect of collateralization. As a majority of our leases are five -year and -year leases, we determined a lease discount rate for such tenors and determined this discount rate is reasonable for leases that were entered into during the period. 
 (b) The discount rate on finance leases is higher than operating leases because the present value of minimum lease payments was higher than the fair value of leased properties for certain leases entered into prior to adoption of ASC 842. The discount rate differential for those leases is not material to our results of operations. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Right of use assets acquired under finance leases Right of use assets acquired under operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease liabilities Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities (c) 
 
 _________ 
 (a) Operating lease payments include million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. 
 (b) Finance lease payments include million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. 
 (c) The present value of lease liabilities excludes million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 

9. 
 99 

Table of contents 

 million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to our long-lived tangible store assets and ROU assets. The impairments were primarily driven by lower than projected customer sales volume in certain stores. The cash flows used in estimating fair value were discounted using market rates from to . A decrease in the estimated cash flows would lead to a lower fair value measurement, as would an increase in the discount rate. These non-recurring fair value measurements are classified as Level 3 measurements in the fair value hierarchy. The estimated remaining fair value of the assets impaired during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively; the estimated remaining fair values include amounts estimated at various dates during the related fiscal years. Substantially all of the remaining fair value of the impaired store assets in fiscal years 2022 and 2021 represents the fair value of ROU assets. Refer to Note 1. Business and Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Additional fair value information 
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 The carrying amount of cash equivalents and restricted cash approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity of the instruments. All cash and cash equivalents are denominated in U.S. currency. 
 Accounts Receivable, Net 
 The carrying amount of accounts receivable approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of those items and the effect of credit losses. 
 Accounts Payable and Other Payables and Accrued Expenses 
 The carrying amounts of accounts payable and other payables and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of those items. 
 Long-term Debt - Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility 
 Since the borrowings under the term loan and revolving credit facility utilize variable interest rate setting mechanisms such as LIBOR, the fair values of these borrowings are deemed to approximate the carrying values. We also considered the effect of our own credit risk on the fair values of our term loan and revolving credit facility. Refer to Note 4. Long-term Debt. 
 Long-term Debt - 2025 Notes 
 The estimated fair value of the 2025 Notes was approximately million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The estimated fair value of the 2025 Notes is based on the prices the 2025 Notes have traded in the market as well as overall market conditions on the date of valuation, stated coupon rates, the number of coupon payments each year and the maturity dates, and represents a Level 2 measurement. Refer to Note 4. Long-term Debt for more information on the 2025 Notes. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

10. 
 Sold Revenue recognized ) ) ) End of year Current Noncurrent 
 Fiscal Year 2021 In thousands Product Protection Plans Eye Care Clubs Total Beginning of the year Sold Revenue recognized ) ) ) End of year Current Noncurrent 
 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations (Contract Liabilities) 
 
 During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we recognized million and million, respectively, of deferred revenues outstanding at the beginning of each respective period. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

11. 
 million consisting of agreements for merchandise purchases, technology and advertising. 
 Warranty Costs 
 The Company records an allowance for the estimated amount of future warranty costs when the related revenue is recognized, which is recorded in Other payables and accrued expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Expense associated with warranty costs is presented in Cost of services and plans in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Estimated future warranty costs are primarily based on historical experience of identified warranty claims. However, there can be no assurance that future warranty costs will not exceed historical amounts. 
 Accrued obligation Claims paid ) ) End of year balance 
 401(k) Plan 
 The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan into which associates may defer a portion of their wages. We match a portion of such deferred wages. The expense for the plan was million, million and million in the fiscal years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Expense associated with our 401(k) plan is presented in SG A in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings incidental to its business. Because of the nature and inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of these actions and, should the outcome of these actions be unfavorable, the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The Company reviews the status of its legal proceedings and records a provision for a liability when it is considered probable that both a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. This review is updated periodically as additional information becomes available. If either or both of the criteria are not met, we reassess whether there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss, or additional losses, may be incurred. If there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, we disclose the estimate of the amount of the loss or range of losses, or that an estimate of loss cannot be made. The Company expenses its legal fees as incurred. 
 We are currently and may in the future become subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the ordinary course of our business. 
 On September 23, 2022, we were served with notice of a lawsuit filed by a former employee in California state court alleging, on behalf of a proposed class of employees, several violations of California wage and hour laws. On December 9, 2022, the case was removed to the federal District Court for the Northern District of California. We believe that the claims are without merit and intend to oppose the certification of a class and to defend the litigation vigorously. 
 On January 27, 2023, a purported class action complaint was filed in federal court in the Northern District of Georgia against the Company and two of the Company s officers. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 for materially false and misleading statements made between May 2021 and May 2022. The complaint seeks unspecified damages as well as equitable relief. We believe that the claims alleged are without merit and intend to defend the litigation vigorously. 
 
 102 

Table of contents 

 12. 
 million as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of our interest rate collar instrument was an asset of million million in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and million in Other assets) as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of our interest rate collar instrument was a liability of million million in Other payables and accrued expenses and million in Other liabilities) as of January 1, 2022. See Note 2. Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts and Note 9. Fair Value Measurement for further details. 
 We recognized (gains) losses on the change in fair value of the interest rate collar of ) million and ) million in interest expense , net during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recognized million in interest expense, net during fiscal year 2021 related to our interest rate swaps that were considered to be highly effective hedges and that matured during fiscal year 2021. 
 Cash flows related to derivatives qualifying as hedges are included in the same section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the underlying assets and liabilities being hedged. Cash flows during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 related to derivatives not qualifying as hedges were included in the operating section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and were immaterial. 
 During the second and fourth quarters of 2021, as a result of the partial repayments of the Company s LIBOR based term-loan debt balances, the Company subsequently reclassified unrealized losses of million from AOCL to interest expense, net during fiscal year 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to reclassify approximately million of unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax, from AOCL into earnings in the next 12 months as the derivative instruments mature. See Note 15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss for further details. 
 
 13. 
 million of aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. Potential shares of common stock are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS if their effect is anti-dilutive. 
 Diluted EPS related to the 2025 Notes is calculated using the if-converted method; the number of dilutive shares is based on the initial conversion rate associated with the 2025 Notes. Prior to the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2020, we intended to settle the principal amount of the outstanding 2025 Notes in cash and, therefore, used the treasury stock method for calculating the potential effect of dilutive securities related to the 2025 Notes, if applicable. 
 After-tax interest expense for 2025 Notes Numerator for diluted EPS Weighted average shares outstanding for basic EPS Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Restricted Stock 2025 Notes Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted EPS Basic EPS Diluted EPS Anti-dilutive securities excluded from diluted weighted average common shares 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 reportable segments: 
 Owned Host store brands - Our owned brands consist of our America s Best and Eyeglass World operating segments. In America s Best stores, vision care services are provided by optometrists employed either by us or by independent professional corporations. Eyeglass World locations primarily feature independent optometrists to perform eye exams and on-site laboratories. Our Host operating segments consist of Military and Fred Meyer. These brands provide eye exams principally by independent optometrists in nearly all locations. We have aggregated our America s Best, Eyeglass World, Military and Fred Meyer operating segments into a single reportable segment due to similar economic characteristics and similarity of the nature of products and services, production processes, class of customers, regulatory environment and distribution methods of those brands. 
 Legacy - The Company manages the operations of, and supplies inventory and lab processing services to, Legacy retail Vision Centers. We earn management fees as a result of providing such services and therefore we record revenue related to sales of products and product protection plans to our Legacy partner s customers on a net basis. We also sell to our Legacy partner wholesale merchandise that is stocked in retail locations, and provide central lab processing for the finished eyeglasses and frames expected to be sold to our Legacy partner s customers. We lease space from our Legacy partner within or adjacent to each of the locations we manage and use this space for providing optometric examination services. Sales of services and plans in our Legacy segment consist of fees earned for managing the operations of our Legacy partner and revenues associated with the provision of eye exams for our managed care customers. Revenues associated with managing operations of our Legacy partner were million, million and million for fiscal years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our management services agreement also allows our Legacy partner to collect penalties if the Vision Centers do not generate a requisite amount of revenues. No such penalties have been assessed under our current arrangement. 
 On January 22, 2020, we entered into an amendment to our management services agreement with Walmart which provided for a extension of the term and added additional Vision Centers in Walmart stores to the agreement in fiscal year 2020. 
 On July 17, 2020, NVI and Walmart entered into a further amendment to the management services agreement, to extend the current term and economics of the agreement by , to February 23, 2024, and will automatically renew for a period unless, no later than July 2023, either party gives written notice of non-renewal . In addition, the amendment deleted certain provisions that are no longer applicable and updated certain administrative provisions. All other terms and conditions of the agreement remain in effect. 
 The Corporate/Other category includes the results of operations of our other operating segments and corporate overhead support. Revenues from the Corporate/Other segments are attributable to the AC Lens and FirstSight operating segments. AC Lens primarily sells contact lenses and optical accessory products to retail customers through e-commerce. AC Lens also distributes contact lenses to certain Walmart and Sam s Club under fee for services arrangements. FirstSight sells single service health plans in connection with the operations of America s Best operations in California, and arranges for the provision of optometric services at the offices next to Walmart and Sam s Club stores throughout California. None of those segments met the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments for any of the periods presented. 
 The Reconciliations category represents other adjustments to reportable segment results necessary for the presentation of consolidated financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the reportable segments. 
 The operating segments identified above are the business activities of the Company for which discrete financial information is available and for which operating results are regularly reviewed by our CODM to allocate resources and assess performance. Our CODM is our chief executive officer. The Company considers each of our brands to be an operating segment and has further concluded that presenting the results of our reportable segments provides meaningful information consistent with the objectives of ASC 280, Segment Reporting . Strategic initiatives and financial objectives for each reportable segment are determined at the corporate level. Each operating segment is responsible for implementing defined strategic initiatives and achieving certain financial objectives, and has a general manager responsible for the sales and marketing initiatives and financial results for product lines within the segment. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million of costs during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, directly related to adapting the Company s operations to the COVID-19 pandemic such as personal protective equipment and other supplies needed to operate our stores safely and certain other costs such as compensation, a tangible appreciation bonus paid to our customer-facing doctors and associates in fiscal year 2020, and other administrative expenses. Incremental expenses related to the COVID-19 pandemic were allocated to the reportable segments in fiscal years 2022 and 2021 but were included in the Corporate/Other category in fiscal year 2020. 
 ) Net sales of services and plans Total net revenue ) Cost of products ) Cost of services and plans Total costs applicable to revenue ) SG A Asset impairment Other income, net ) ) EBITDA ) ) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense, net Earnings before income taxes 
 105 

Table of Contents 

Net sales of services and plans ) Total net revenue ) Cost of products Cost of services and plans Total costs applicable to revenue SG A Asset impairment Other income, net ) ) EBITDA ) ) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense, net Earnings before income taxes 
 Fiscal Year 2020 In thousands Owned Host Legacy Corporate/Other Reconciliations Total Net product sales ) Net sales of services and plans ) Total net revenue ) Cost of products ) Cost of services and plans Total costs applicable to revenue ) SG A Asset impairment Other income, net ) ) EBITDA ) ) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense, net Earnings before income taxes 
 Entity-wide Information 
 Contact lenses Accessories and other Total net product revenues 
 In fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, revenues from Walmart, recognized in our Legacy segment and Corporate/Other category, represented million, million and million of our total net revenue, subjecting us to customer concentration risk. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

15. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Tax effect of other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification Amount reclassified from AOCL Tax effect of amount reclassified from AOCL ) ) ) Stranded tax effect of matured interest rate swaps ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance at end of fiscal year ) ) ) 
 See Note 12. Interest Rate Derivatives for a description of the Company s use of cash flow hedging derivatives. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Deferred income taxes Investment in subsidiary Total noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Other payables and accrued expenses Long-term debt, less current portion and debt discount Noncurrent liabilities: Other liabilities Total other noncurrent liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Total costs applicable to revenue Total operating expenses Interest expense, net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) before equity in net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Net income of subsidiaries Net income Comprehensive income: Net income Unrealized gain (loss) on hedge instruments ) Tax provision (benefit) of unrealized gain (loss) on hedge instruments ) Comprehensive income 
 
 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents Cash flows from investing activities Dividend from (investment in) subsidiary ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments on long-term debt ) Borrowings on long-term debt, net of discounts Proceeds from issuance of common stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 Note: Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 includes 53 weeks. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries (Parent Company Only) 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 million principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2025. The 2025 Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2020, at an annual rate of and are convertible into cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election, based on the applicable conversion rate at such time. NVHI contributed the proceeds from the 2025 Notes to NVI as additional investments during the fiscal year 2020. See Note 4. Long-term Debt to the NVHI consolidated financial statements for details of the 2025 Notes. 
 2. Guarantees and Restrictions 
 As described in Note 4. Long-term Debt to the NVHI consolidated financial statements, NVI used proceeds from the 2025 Notes to fully repay the outstanding amount on its revolving credit facility of million and partially repaid million on the term loan. As of December 31, 2022, NVI had million of principal amount of long-term debt outstanding under its term loan and outstanding cash borrowings under its million revolving credit facility, which includes million in outstanding letters of credit. 
 Under the terms of NVI s amended credit agreement, provided no event of default has occurred and is continuing, NVI is permitted to pay dividends to NVHI with certain restrictions. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and the CFO have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that material information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in the Company s periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC is made known to them in a timely manner. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements of the Company in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company's management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, as auditors of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, has issued their attestation report on management s internal control over financial reporting which is set forth below. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of National Vision Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging 
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an 
 Entity s Own Equity. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 28, 2023 

113 

Table of contents 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our executive officers as of March 1, 2023. 
 Name Age Position L. Reade Fahs 62 Chief Executive Officer and Director Melissa Rasmussen 46 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Patrick R. Moore 59 Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Ravi Acharya 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer Jared Brandman 46 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Bill Clark 48 Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer Joe VanDette 45 Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer 
 L. Reade Fah s has served as the Chief Executive Officer of National Vision, Inc. NVI since January 2003, having joined NVI in April 2002 as the President and Chief Operating Officer, and was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of National Vision Holdings, Inc. in March 2014. Prior to joining NVI, Mr. Fahs served as the Chief Executive Officer of First Tuesday and was Managing Director of Vision Express U.K. Previously, Mr. Fahs worked at LensCrafters, which he joined in 1986 for a decade of their most rapid growth. Mr. Fahs serves on the board of directors of VisionSpring and is also a long-term Board member of RestoringVision. In addition, Mr. Fahs serves on the boards of Pennsylvania College of Optometry at Salus University, PetVet Care Centers, The Atlanta Committee for Progress and Atlanta s Alliance Theatre. Mr. Fahs holds a B.A. degree in English Literature from Harvard College. 
 Melissa Rasmussen has served as the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since January 2023. Prior to that, she was our Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting from August 2022 until December 2022. She served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of National Vision Holdings, Inc. from July 2019 until August 2022. Ms. Rasmussen joined National Vision after spending 21 years at Lexmark International, Inc., where she was most recently Vice President and Corporate Controller from November 2016 to July 2019. From February 2012 to November 2016, Ms. Rasmussen served as Director of SEC Reporting and Corporate Consolidation for Lexmark. Prior to that, she held numerous finance and accounting leadership roles, including North America Controller and Global Consolidation Manager. Ms. Rasmussen holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Kentucky and is a certified public accountant. 
 Patrick Moore has served as the Chief Operating Officer of National Vision Holdings, Inc. since January 2023. Prior to that, he served as Chief Operating and Financial Officer from August 2022 until December 2022 and as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from February 2015 until August 2022. Mr. Moore joined NVI as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in September 2014. Prior to joining NVI, Mr. Moore served in both divisional and group chief financial officer roles for Fiserv, Inc., First Data Corporation, Fluor Corporation and BellSouth Corporation (now AT T). Mr. Moore began his career with BellSouth Corporation, serving in roles involving engineering, operations, finance, strategy, investor relations and merger integration. Mr. Moore holds a B.A. degree in Mechanical Engineering, as well as an MBA degree from the University of Alabama. Mr. Moore also attended the Stanford Executive program in 2002. 
 Ravi Acharya has served as the Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer of National Vision Holdings, Inc. since March 2020. Previously, from June 2015 until March 2019, Mr. Acharya served as the Divisional CIO and Vice President of eCommerce for Medtronic s global Diabetes business unit and led direct-to-consumer and e-Commerce technology-driven solutions across multiple industries at companies including Equifax, Sears and Capgemini. Mr. Acharya earned an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the Illinois Institute of Technology. 
 Jared Brandman has served as the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of National Vision Holdings, Inc. since February 2019. Mr. Brandman joined National Vision in 2017 as Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Brandman was Securities Counsel for 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 The Coca-Cola Company from 2010 to 2017. Mr. Brandman holds a B.A. degree in organizational studies from the University of Michigan and a J.D. degree from Emory University School of Law. 
 Bill Clark has served as the Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer of National Vision Holdings, Inc. since June 2019. Prior to joining National Vision, he served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Five Below, Inc. from October 2014 until May 2019. Prior to Five Below, Mr. Clark served as Vice President of Retail HR at Dollar General Corporation from April 2012 until October 2014 and spent 10 years in key executive leadership roles at Walmart and Sam s Club, including as Vice President of Field Human Resources, Vice President of Talent Management and Vice President of HR Administration and Strategy. Mr. Clark holds both a B.S. degree in Biology and a Master of Science degree in College Teaching from Northeastern State University in Oklahoma. 
 Joe VanDette joined National Vision in April 2022 and serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer. Previously, Mr. VanDette served as Chief Marketing Digital Officer for Smart Final in Commerce, California from May 2018 until March 2022. Prior to that, he served as Vice President of CRM, Analytics and Digital for Smart Final from September 2014 until May 2018. From February 2005 until September 2014, he served in various management rolls for Toys R Us in Wayne, New Jersey. Mr. VanDette holds a Bachelor of Science in Management Science Information Systems from Pennsylvania State University. 
 Other 
 The additional information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 (1) Consolidated financial statements For the following consolidated financial information included herein, see Part II. Item 8.on Page 70 
 Page Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 78 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 108 
 (2) Financial statement Schedule I as filed in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K: Schedule I - Condensed financial information of the Registrant All other financial schedules have been omitted because the required information is not presented in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, including notes thereto. (3) Exhibits: 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index attached hereto are filed or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of National Vision Holdings, Inc. - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of National Vision Holdings, Inc. - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021 4.1 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of May 12, 2020, between National Vision Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2020 
 4.3 
 Form of 2.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2025 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A within Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2020 
 10.1 
 Joinder and Amendment and Restatement Agreement, including as Exhibit A thereto, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2019, by and among Nautilus Acquisition Holdings, Inc., National Vision, Inc., certain subsidiaries of National Vision, Inc., as guarantors, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as former administrative agent and collateral agent, Bank of America, N.A., as new administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2019 10.2 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 5, 2020, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2019 by and among Nautilus Acquisition Holdings, Inc., National Vision, Inc., certain subsidiaries of National Vision, Inc., as guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020 
 10.3 
 Amendment No. 2, dated June 2, 2021, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July, 18, 2019, by and among Nautilus Acquisition Holdings, Inc., National Vision, Inc., certain subsidiaries of National Vision, Inc., as guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto -incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021 
 10.4 
 First Lien Guarantee, dated as of March 13, 2014, by the guarantors party thereto - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.5 
 First Lien Security Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2014, among Nautilus Acquisition Holdings, Inc., Nautilus Merger Sub, Inc., Vision Holdings Corp., National Vision, Inc., subsidiary grantors party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as collateral agent - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.6 
 First Lien Pledge Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2014, among Nautilus Acquisition Holdings, Inc., Nautilus Merger Sub, Inc., Vision Holdings Corp., National Vision, Inc. subsidiary pledgors party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as collateral agent - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.7 
 National Vision Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2017 10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on October 16, 2017 10.9 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted February 2019 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted February 2019 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019 10.11 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted February 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2021 
 10.12 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted February 2020 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 10.13 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted April 10, 2022 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022 10.14 
 2014 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of National Vision Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Nautilus Parent, Inc.) and its Subsidiaries - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.15 
 Amendment No. 1 to the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of National Vision Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Nautilus Parent, Inc.) and its Subsidiaries - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.16 
 Amendment No. 2 to the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of National Vision Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Nautilus Parent, Inc.) and its Subsidiaries - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.17 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of National Vision Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Nautilus Parent, Inc.) and its Subsidiaries - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.18 
 Form of Management Stockholder s Agreement - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.19 
 National Vision, Inc. Severance Plan, as amended and restated as of March 15, 2017 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.20 
 National Vision, Inc. Severance Plan Summary Plan Description (Executives), effective as of July 21, 2011 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.21 
 National Vision Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2018 10.22 
 Letter Agreement between National Vision, Inc. and Essilor of America, Inc., dated as of May 25, 2011 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.23 
 Letter of Amendment between National Vision, Inc. and Essilor of America, Inc., dated as of December 2, 2014 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.24 
 Letter Agreement between National Vision, Inc. and Essilor of America, Inc. dated as of March 9, 2018 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2018 10.25 
 Letter Agreement between National Vision, Inc. and Essilor of America, Inc., dated as of November 12, 2018 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019 
 10.26 
 First Amendment to the Direct Lens Letter Agreement, dated July 19, 2022, by and between Essilor of America, Inc. and National Vision, Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2022 10.27 
 Letter Agreement by and between National Vision, Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. re: Management Services Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2017 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.28 
 Management Services Agreement by and between National Vision, Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., dated as of May 1, 2012 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on October 16, 2017 10.29 
 Amendment 3 to the Management and Services Agreement between Walmart, Inc. and National Vision, Inc. effective as of January 23, 2020 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2020. 
 10.30 
 Amendment 4 to the Management Services Agreement between Walmart Inc. and National Vision, Inc., effective as of July 17, 2020 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2020. 
 10.31 
 Amended and Restated Supplier Agreement between National Vision, Inc. and Walmart, dated as of January 17, 2017 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on September 29, 2017 10.32 
 Option Agreement for Patrick R. Moore under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on October 16, 2017 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 10.33 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on October 16, 2017 10.34 
 Form of Director Stockholder s Agreement - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2018 10.35 
 Vision Holding Corp. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form S-8 Registration Statement filed on October 26, 2017 10.36 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted March 21, 2021 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022 
 10.37 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted February 24, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022 10.38 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted February 24, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022 10.39 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as adopted June 15, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2022 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of National Vision Holdings, Inc. 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments) 
 
 ____________ 
 ) Identifies exhibits that consist of a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 ) Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of identified exhibits. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 National Vision Holdings, Inc. (Registrant) By: /s/ L. Reade Fahs L. Reade Fahs Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 1, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ L. Reade Fahs Chief Executive Officer and Director March 1, 2023 L. Reade Fahs (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Melissa Rasmussen Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer March 1, 2023 Melissa Rasmussen (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Jose Armario Director March 1, 2023 Jose Armario /s/ Heather R. Cianfrocco Director March 1, 2023 Heather R. Cianfrocco /s/ Virginia A. Hepner Director March 1, 2023 Virginia A. Hepner /s/ Susan S. Johnson Director March 1, 2023 Susan S. Johnson /s/ Naomi Kelman Director March 1, 2023 Naomi Kelman /s/ D. Randolph Peeler Chairman and Director March 1, 2023 D. Randolph Peeler /s/ Thomas V. Taylor, Jr. Director March 1, 2023 Thomas V. Taylor, Jr. /s/ David M. Tehle Director March 1, 2023 David M. Tehle 
 120 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit2112022xsubsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Nautilus Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Delaware National Vision, Inc. (dba Eyeglass World, America s Best Contacts and Eyeglasses, Vision Center and Vista Optical) Georgia Arlington Contact Lens Service, Inc. (dba AC Lens) Ohio NVAL Healthcare Systems, Inc. Georgia FirstSight Vision Services, Inc. (dba FirstSight) California Vision Administrators, Inc. California International Vision Associates, Ltd. Georgia Opti-Vision Finance Services, LLC Delaware VC IV, LLC Georgia Czech Vision Associates, s.r.o. Czech Republic Slovak Vision Associates, s.r.o. Slovakia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex231consentofauditors2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-221131 and 333-225611 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of National Vision Holdings, Inc. and the effectiveness of National Vision Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311202210-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, L. Reade Fahs, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of National Vision Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s L. Reade Fahs L. Reade Fahs Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312202210-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Melissa Rasmussen , certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of National Vision Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Melissa Rasmussen Melissa Rasmussen Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321202210-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of National Vision Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, L. Reade Fahs, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s L. Reade Fahs L. Reade Fahs Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322202210-k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of National Vision Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Rep ort ), I, Melissa Rasmussen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do h ereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 

s Melissa Rasmussen Melissa Rasmussen Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 eye-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 eye-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 eye-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 eye-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 eye-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

