<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1859310_0001213900-23-023197.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4919659</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>512021</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>949951</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1109341</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1138054</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1076422</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023197.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327162021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023197
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859310
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				863436718
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40756
		FILM NUMBER:		23764772

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 EXECUTIVE COURT
		CITY:			WAXAHACHIE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75165
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-444-7321

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 EXECUTIVE COURT
		CITY:			WAXAHACHIE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75165

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023197.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_minority.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _______ TO ______ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one Warrant MEOAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each Warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share MEOAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES 
NO 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, based on a closing price of the Registrant s common
equity of 10.13 on June 30, 2022, was . 

As of March 14, 2023, there were shares
of the Registrant s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, and shares of the Registrant s Class B Common Stock,
 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 56 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 57 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved ] 
 58 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 66 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 66 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 67 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 67 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 68 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 80 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 81 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 81 

Unless otherwise indicated, references to the
 Company, we, our and us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Minority Equality
Opportunities Acquisition Inc. 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form
10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements
about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete the proposed business combination with Digerati Technologies, Inc. or any other business combination; 

the benefits of the proposed business combination with Digerati Technologies, Inc. 

changes in the future operating results of Digerati Technologies, Inc. following the completion of the proposed business combination with Digerati Technologies, Inc.; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled
 Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
in February 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business
combination. We may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or sector, but given the experience of our management
team, we expect to focus on acquiring a business combination target that is a Minority Owned Business, such that, immediately following
the completion of our initial business combination, our company would qualify as a Minority Controlled Business, with an enterprise value
of approximately 250 million to 500 million. Management believes that this relative size of target opportunities will enable the Company
to pursue companies that are the most attractive from a return standpoint and are less pursued by larger, more established sources of
capital. 

For purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
references to: 

Minority Controlled Business are
to a business that would qualify for certification as a minority business enterprise by the National Minority Supplier Development
Council, Inc. In general, when non-minority institutional investors contribute a majority of the risk capital (equity) of a business,
the business may be certified as a minority controlled enterprise if (w) the minority owners own at least twenty-five percent
(25 of the economic equity of the business; (x) minority management/owners control the day-to-day operations of the business; (y) minority
management/owners retain a majority (no less than fifty-one percent (51 )) of the voting equity of the business; and (z) minority owners
operationally control the board of directors (i.e., must appoint a majority of the board of directors). For purposes of this definition,
a minority group member is an individual who is at least twenty-five percent (25 Asian-Indian, Asian-Pacific, Black, Hispanic or Native
American; 

Minority Owned Business are to a
business at least fifty-one percent (51 of the equity ownership interest in which is owned by one or more minority individuals who are
United States citizens or legal resident aliens and both the management and daily business operations of which are exercised by one or
more minority individuals. For purposes of this definition, a minority group member is an individual who is at least twenty-five percent
(25 Asian-Indian, Asian-Pacific, Black, Hispanic or Native American. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On August 30, 2022, we entered into a Business
Combination Agreement with Digerati Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Digerati ), and MEOA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company (such entity, Merger Sub , and such agreement, the Business
Combination Agreement ). The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the board
of directors of each of our company and of Digerati. The Business Combination Agreement provides, among other things, that Merger Sub
will merge with and into Digerati, with Digerati as the surviving company in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, Digerati
shall be our wholly-owned subsidiary (such transactions, the Business Combination ). In addition, our company will be renamed
Verve Technology Corporation. 

In accordance with the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, as amended, at the effective time of the merger of Merger Sub and Digerati contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement (the Effective Time ), based on an implied equity value of Digerati of 71,080,810:
(i) each share of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
will become one share of the common stock of our company following the completion of the Business Combination (such common stock being
referred to herein as New Digerati Common Stock (ii) each share of the common stock of Digerati Digerati Common
Stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will include shares of Digerati
Common Stock issued upon the exercise of the those certain warrants to purchase shares of Digerati Common Stock that were issued to Post
Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP and Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II Offshore LP (together, the Post Road Warrant and upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock of Digerati, which exercise and conversions shall
occur prior to the Effective Time) will be automatically cancelled and extinguished and converted into a right to receive shares of New
Digerati Common Stock; (iii) each share of capital stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be automatically cancelled and extinguished and converted into one share of New Digerati Common Stock; (iv) all vested and unvested
options to purchase shares of Digerati Common Stock will be assumed by our company and thereafter be settled or exercisable for shares
of New Digerati Common Stock; (v) each warrant to purchase Digerati Common Stock (other than the Post Road Warrant, which shall be exercised
prior to the Effective Time) will be assumed by our company and thereafter be a warrant to purchase shares of New Digerati Common Stock;
provided, however, that those certain warrants to purchase up to 13,534,535 shares of Digerati Common Stock that Digerati issued to four
(4) bridge lenders in November and December 2022 (the Bridge Loan Warrants (although they will be assumed by our company)
are not part of the implied equity value of Digerati; and (vi) each share of Digerati preferred stock that will remain outstanding following
the consummation of the Business Combination will be assumed by our company and thereafter be convertible into shares of New Digerati
Common Stock. 

1 

On February 14, 2023, the parties to the Business
Combination Agreement amended the Business Combination Agreement (the February Amendment to increase the implied equity
value of Digerati from 68,680,807 to 71,080,810 to give effect to the issuance by Digerati to Maxim, immediately prior to the Closing
of the Business Combination, of such number of shares of Digerati Common Stock as would be exchanged for an aggregate of 240,000 shares
of New Digerati Common Stock upon the Closing of the Business Combination as partial compensation for financial advisory services that
Maxim provided to Digerati in connection with the Business Combination. The February Amendment also clarified that the shares of Digerati
Common Stock underlying the Bridge Loan Warrants would not be part of the implied equity value of Digerati of 71,080,810, and it clarified
that none of the shares underlying any of the convertible promissory notes of Digerati that are outstanding upon the Closing of the Business
Combination are part of the implied equity value of Digerati of 71,080,810. 

On February 24, 2023, the parties to the Business
Combination Agreement further amended the Business Combination Agreement to, among other things, extend the Termination Date (as defined
in the Business Combination Agreement) from February 25, 2023 to April 28, 2023. 

The Business Combination is expected to close
in the second calendar quarter of 2023, following the receipt of the required approval by our stockholders and the fulfillment of other
customary closing conditions. 

Digerati, through its operating subsidiaries in
Texas, Florida and California that includes Shift8 Networks, Inc., dba, T3 Communications, T3 Communications, Inc., Nexogy Inc., and NextLevel
Internet, Inc., provides cloud services specializing in Unified Communications as a Service UCaaS and broadband connectivity
solutions for the business market. Digerati s product line includes a portfolio of Internet-based telephony products and services
delivered through its cloud application platform and session-based communication network and network services including Internet broadband,
fiber, mobile broadband, and cloud WAN solutions. Digerati provides enterprise-class, carrier-grade services to the small-to-medium-sized
business at cost-effective monthly rates. Digerati s UCaaS or cloud communication services include fully hosted IP/PBX, video conferencing,
mobile applications, Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP transport, SIP trunking, and customized VoIP services all delivered
Only in the Cloud . Digerati s broadband connectivity solutions for the delivery of digital oxygen are designed for reliability,
business continuity and to optimize bandwidth for businesses using Digerati s cloud communication services and other cloud-based
applications. Digerati is a currently a public company, the common stock of which is currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol DTGI . 

The Business Combination Agreement and related
agreements are further described in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on September 6, 2022 and in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 originally filed by us with the SEC on November 30, 2022 and amended
on February 15, 2022. 

Other than as specifically discussed, this report
does not assume that the closing of the Business Combination will occur. 

Recent Financing Transactions 

On April 21, 2021, our sponsor, Minority Equality
Opportunities Acquisition, LLC, purchased 2,875,000 shares of our Class B common stock, or founder stock, for 25,000 in cash, or approximately
 0.009 per share, in connection with our formation. In August 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 287,500 shares of our Class B common
stock, resulting in the sponsor holding an aggregate of 3,162,500 founder shares. 

On August 30, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 12,650,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of our Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant, with each
warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price
of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 126,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering, we consummated the sale of 6,027,500 warrants, or the private placement warrants, at a price of 1.00 per private placement
warrant, in a private placement to our sponsor and to Maxim Partners LLP, generating gross proceeds of 6,027,500. A total of 5,395,000
warrants were purchased by our sponsor and a total of 632,500 warrants were purchased by Maxim Partners LLC. 

The proceeds of 128,397,500 from our initial
public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

In connection with the meeting of the stockholders
of our company that was held on November 29, 2022 (the Extension Meeting ), the holders of 11,691,103 shares of our Class
A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result of such
redemptions, approximately 120.8 million (approximately 10.33 per share), representing approximately 92 of the assets held in the trust
account prior to such redemptions, was removed from the trust account to pay such holders. 

2 

Business Strategy 

Our initial business combination and value creation
strategy will be to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, implement an operating strategy with a view of creating
value for our stockholders through operational improvements, capital infusion or future acquisitions. 

We intend to source initial business combination
opportunities through our management team s broad network of investors, entrepreneurs, board members, company executives, lawyers,
accountants, brokers and other professionals who manage, provide services to or are involved with Minority Owned Businesses and Minority
Controlled Businesses. 

Business Combination Criteria 

Our business combination criteria will not be
limited to a particular industry or geographic sector, but we expect to focus on acquiring a business combination target that is a Minority
Owned Business, such that, immediately following the completion of our initial business combination, our company would qualify as a Minority
Controlled Business. Our management team will look to identify combination targets which are in need of strategic growth capital, will
benefit from becoming a publicly listed company, may require creative business approaches to unlock additional value, or may need to repurchase
debt, target strategic acquisitions or require working capital. 

We have identified the following criteria that
we believe are important and that we intend to use in evaluating initial business combination opportunities. While we intend to utilize
these criteria in evaluating business combination opportunities, we expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision
to pursue a particular opportunity. Further, any particular initial business combination opportunity which we ultimately determine to
pursue may not meet one or more of these criteria. We are seeking business targets that meet some or all of the following criteria: 

are fundamentally sound businesses that have a sustainable business model with the ability to successfully navigate the ebbs and flows of an economic downturn, and changes in the industry landscape and regulatory environment; 

can benefit from the vast network, experience, and guidance of our management team; 

have a defensible market position and demonstrate differentiated competitive advantages with high barriers to entry against new competitors; 

have recurring, predictable revenues and the history of, or the near-term potential to, generate stable and sustainable free cash flow; 

exhibit unrecognized value, desirable returns on capital, and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy; 

are able to structure around or ring fence exposure to legacy assets to the extent desirable to enhance stockholder returns or reduce volatility of such returns; 

have the potential for strong and continued growth both organically and through add-on acquisitions; 

are at an inflection point and would benefit from a catalyst such as incremental capital, innovation through new operational practices, product creation, or additional management expertise; 

have publicly traded comparable companies that operate in a similar industry sector or which have similar operating metrics which may help establish that the valuation of our initial business combination is attractive relative to such public peers; and 

are positioned to be publicly traded and can benefit from being publicly traded, with access to broader and more efficient capital markets, to drive improved financial performance and achieve key business strategies. 

3 

In evaluating prospective acquisitions, we expect,
but are not required, to consider primarily the criteria and guidelines set forth above. In addition, we expect to consider, among other
factors, the following with respect to any potential candidates: 

The target s historical operating and financial performance; 

The target s financial condition; 

The target s growth potential; 

The experience and skill of existing personnel and availability of additional personnel; 

The target s brand recognition and potential; 

The target s capital requirements; 

The target s internal structure and corporate governance; 

The regulatory environment with respect to the target and its market, and the impact of regulation and potential future regulation on the target s business; 

Seasonality associated with the target s business and the ability to offset seasonal fluctuations; and 

The ability to grow the target s business both organically and through acquisitions. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to
enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose
that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination,
which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ). 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the
fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market
value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors
will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to
do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty
as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must
be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or
acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction
company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the
target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the
initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be
based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination
for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

4 

Our Initial Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective business combinations,
we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of historical and projected financial
and other information that will be made available to us. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent
accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain
such an opinion in any other context. 

Members of our management team will directly or
indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition
to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. However, subject to any pre-existing contractual or fiduciary obligations,
our sponsor and officers and directors will offer all suitable business combination opportunities within our area of focus to us before
any other person or company until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed
to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

Members of our management team are employed by
or otherwise work with our sponsor or with entities affiliated with it or with other entities. Our sponsor and these other entities and
their respective affiliates are continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue
for an initial business combination; we have not, however, selected any specific business combination target. 

Each of our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. All of our directors and officers have agreed to offer
all suitable business combination opportunities to our company before any other person or company until the consummation of our initial
business combination, subject to any pre-existing contractual or fiduciary obligations they may have. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our sponsor and
our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer
is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

We intend to leverage the capabilities of our
advisors to assist us with the sourcing and evaluation of potential acquisition candidates. We believe the relationships, experience and
expertise of these advisors will provide us with additional access and insight into potential target companies. However, our advisors
are not executive officers of our company and have no written advisory agreement with us, nor do they have any other employment arrangements
with us. Moreover, our advisors will not be under any fiduciary obligation to us nor will they perform board or committee functions, nor
will they have any voting or decision-making capacity on our behalf. Our advisors will not be required to devote any specific amount of
time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if our advisors become
aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which they have fiduciary or contractual obligations,
they will honor their fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present
it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors as we source potential business combination
targets or create value in businesses that we may acquire. 

5 

Our Management Team 

Members of our management team are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs
until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any
time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage
of the initial business combination process. 

We believe our management team s operating
and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination
targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate
relationships. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our
management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management
team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive
business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial
public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the
target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares
of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration
to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe
target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial
public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination
transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions,
marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed initial business
combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject
to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering
from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business
would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders 
interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting
a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management
team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank
check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business
combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we
are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) December 31, 2026, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235
billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our
Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (4) the date on which we have
issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which: (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equaled or
exceeded 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30th; or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 700 million as of the prior June 30th. 

6 

Financial Position 

With funds available for an initial business
combination, as of December 31, 2022, in the amount of approximately 10.7 million, before payment of deferred underwriting
commissions and fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options
such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or
strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business
combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most
efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires.
However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the
proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares
in connection with our initial business combination (including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter
into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of
the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or
in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of
the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of
the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through
a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (which may include
a specified future issuance), and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using
the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we may target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to
complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete
such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination
funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business
combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing.
There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans
in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third
party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target business candidates
will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target
businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These
sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these
sources will have read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and/or the other reports that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also
bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal
inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of
proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships
of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their affiliates. 

7 

To assist in the process of searching for and
selecting a business combination target, in October 2021, we engaged PGP Capital Advisors, LLC PGP ), and as part of such
engagement, PGP retained Vaughan Capital Advisors VCA as co-advisor. Pursuant to the agreements that we entered into with
such entities for such services, we agreed to pay monthly fees to such advisors in the aggregate amount of 25,000 and to reimburse such
advisors for their out-of-pocket costs and expenses. We also agreed to pay to such advisors an aggregate success fee upon the closing
of a business combination transaction equal to the sum of: (i) three percent of the transaction value of the target company in such business
combination up to 100 million, plus (ii) two percent of the transaction value of the target company greater than 100 million up to 200
million, plus (iii) one percent of the transaction value of the target company above 200 million. The success fee shall be reduced by
the monthly fees previously paid to the financial advisors. The financial advisors shall have the option to receive an equivalent dollar
amount of warrants and/or shares of our Class A Common Stock in lieu of cash up to twenty percent of the success fee payable. 

On August 30, 2022, we amended the agreements
with our financial advisors to provide for a 40,000 retainer payment to be paid within forty-five (45) days following the amendment and
to provide that if the proposed business combination with Digerati closes, the advisors shall be entitled to an aggregate success fee
upon the closing of the business combination equal to two percent of the transaction value of Digerati up to 100 million, with such success
fee to be reduced by the aggregate amount of all payments to the advisors prior to the closing. 

While we do not presently anticipate engaging
the services of any professional firms or individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis other than the engagements
of PGP and VCA described above, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, particularly if the proposed business combination
with Digerati is terminated. In that event, we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be
determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of
our executive officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
compensation by us prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in
connection with a contemplated initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting
agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements
will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making
the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our
sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior
to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination
will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted
cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics
of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value
of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or
an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors
will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to
do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty
as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction
with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

8 

In any case, we will only complete an initial
business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a
controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business
or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 of net assets test. There is no basis for our stockholders to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which
we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective business target, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information
that will be made available to us. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any,
in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management
team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one
or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that
any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you
that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will
have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

9 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is
a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
Stockholder 
Approval is 
Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in
privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in
such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions,
they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or
if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would
constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private
rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to
such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16
of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account
will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants
may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain
the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

10 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue
privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by
stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial
business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination.
Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under
the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such
purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2)
and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the
safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common
stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account, as of December 31, 2022, was 10,297,411, or approximately 10.74 per public share.
The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a
tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company
in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed
initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless
stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such
rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

11 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common
stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which
are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of the underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete
the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, unless otherwise
required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of
the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist
of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting
power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count
toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares
and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result,
after giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103 of the 12,650,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering in connection
with the Extension Meeting, we would not need any of our remaining outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These
quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our
initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of the underwriters fees and commissions (so
that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination
may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to
the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial
business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof. 

12 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of
our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates.
We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our
management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent
this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or
Redemption Rights 

We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders,
or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy
materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders
of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to
satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy
materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise
period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee
would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need
to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in
the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering
his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to
commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business
combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting
ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in
our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial business combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until May 30, 2023. 

13 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

We will have until May 30, 2023 to consummate
an initial business combination. Pursuant to the terms of our certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between
us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as amended in connection with the Extension Meeting, in order to extend the
time available for us to consummate our initial business combination during the six-month period between November 30, 2022 and May 30,
2023, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account, for each additional one-month period, 83,333.33,
on or prior to the date of the deadline with respect to such one-month extension period. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees
are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business
Combination 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
we will have until May 30, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in
each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. However,
if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination on or
prior to May 30, 2023. 

Our sponsor, officers, and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our certificate of incorporation: (i) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination on
or prior to May 30, 2023; or (ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income
taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of the underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy
the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public
shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 407,250 (as of December 31, 2022) held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for
such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any franchise and income
tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our
plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay franchise and income taxes
on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000
of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, the
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution, based on the funds remaining in the trust account as of
December 31, 2022, and after giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103 of our public shares in connection with the Extension Meeting,
would be approximately 10.74. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors
which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.74. Under Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full,
as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining
assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay
or provide for all creditors claims. 

14 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered (other than our independent public accountants) or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business
combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per
share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no
indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors
to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption
price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to approximately
 407,250 of funds held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2022) with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs
and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event
that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received
funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

15 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
 DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions
received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023 may be considered a
liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the
DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which
any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims
brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of
stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim
or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the
dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution
is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then
be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as
soon as reasonably possible following May 30, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders
could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However,
because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in the underwriting agreement entered into in
connection with our initial public offering, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the
likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable
only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such
lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to
the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our
public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation:
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (B) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business
combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination,
a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming
its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights
as described above. These provisions of our certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our certificate of incorporation, may
be amended with a stockholder vote. 

16 

Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices
in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and if We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination 

The following table compares the redemptions and
other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

Redemptions in 
 Connection with our 
 Initial Business 
 Combination 
 
 Other Permitted 
 Purchases of Public 
 Shares by us or our 
 Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if we Fail 
 to Complete an Initial 
 Business Combination 
 
 Calculation of redemption price 
 
 Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 10.74 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed initial business combination. 
 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. 
 
 If we are unable to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 10.74 per public share including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

Impact to remaining stockholders 
 
 The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and franchise and income taxes payable. 
 
 If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. 
 
 The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial stockholders, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions. 

17 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in
connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business
combination. 

Employees 

We currently have two officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination
process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Available Information 

We have registered our units, Class A common
stock and public warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements
audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct
an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure
you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

We were required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have
our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

Our executive offices are located at 100 Executive
Court, Waxahachie, Texas 75165, and our telephone number is (212) 444-7321. 

18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

You should carefully consider each of the risks
described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment
decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flow could be materially and adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary Risk Factors 

The following is a summary of certain material
risks of which we are aware. You should carefully consider this summary, together with the more detailed description of each risk factor
contained below. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and/or by the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors, and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than the per share redemption amount initially held in the trust account. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until May 30, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may receive only 10.74 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek business combination opportunities in industries outside of our management s area of expertise. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.74 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per founder share before giving effect to a stock dividend in August 2021, and, accordingly, our stockholders experienced immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class B common stock. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

19 

RISKS RELATED TO THE CORONAVIRUS COVID-19 PANDEMIC AND THE RUSSIAN MILITARY ACTION IN UKRAINE 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 resulted in a widespread
health crisis that adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business
with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. We may be unable to complete a business combination
if continued or renewed concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, or
the target company s personnel, vendors, and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely
manner. The extent to which the ongoing effects of COVID-19 impact our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern
continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with
which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by military conflict
between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022. 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus
commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have
instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world
economy are not determinable as of the date of this report, and the specific impact on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows, as well as our search for a business combination, is also not determinable as of the date of this report. If the disruptions
posed by the military action in Ukraine continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or
the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

RISKS RELATED TO VOTING ON THE INITIAL BUSINESS
COMBINATION 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even
though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to
approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required
by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or will allow stockholders
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors,
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval.
Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the
initial business combination we complete. Please see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Business Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

20 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
public stockholders vote. 

Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after our initial public
offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial business combination. After giving
effect to the redemption of 11,691,103 public shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, such stockholders own approximately 74 
of our issued and outstanding shares. As a result, we would not need the votes of the holders of any of our public shares to approve an
initial business combination. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial
stockholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will ensure that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval
for such initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors, and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public
stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Class
A common stock or warrants. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors, or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants or a combination thereof
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination,
although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans, or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not
to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors, or their affiliates purchase shares in
privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling
stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote
such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the
initial business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such
purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject
to such reporting requirements. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing, or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

After giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103
public shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, our initial stockholders own shares representing approximately 74 of our issued
and outstanding shares of common stock (excluding shares of Class A common stock that were issued to the underwriters upon the closing
of our initial public offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions.
If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions,
this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of
the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial
stockholders, is divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial
business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority
of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have
considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the
completion of our initial business combination. 

Additional redemptions by our public stockholders
will have the effect of further concentrating voting power with our sponsor. 

After giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103
Public Shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, our sponsor owns approximately 74 of the issued and outstanding shares of our
common stock. Any additional redemptions by the holders of our public shares in connection with the closing of the proposed business combination
with Digerati, or the closing of any other initial business combination, will have the effect of further concentrating voting power with
our sponsor. 

21 

RISKS RELATED TO THE REDEMPTION OF SHARES 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors
may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval,
your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our
public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into an initial business
combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of the underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of
the underwriters fees and commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would
not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an initial business combination with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

Prior to the closing of our initial business
combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights with respect to our remaining public shares,
and therefore we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for
redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase
price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing which are not the case with respect to the proposed business
combination with Digerati we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange
for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may
need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. Unless otherwise agreed with the underwriter of our initial public offering, the amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business
combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders
will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing which are not the case with respect to the proposed business combination with Digerati the probability that
our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not
receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you
could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per
share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected
in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

22 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or
proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware
of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise
their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior
to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its
shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Business Business Strategy 
Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only
in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations
described herein; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial
business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to
the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares
in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other
person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial
public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and
you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result,
you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your
stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

23 

If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
the per share redemption amount initially held in the trust account. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than
certain of our service providers, including, for example, our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses,
and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or
even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited
to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust
account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with
our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be
brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders
could be less than the 10.15 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter
agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered
or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of: (i) 10.15
per public share; and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the
trust account, if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However,
we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation
complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following
May 30, 2023 in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing
procedures. 

24 

Because we will not be complying with Section
280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for
prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers,
etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination on or prior to
May 30, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful,
then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful
redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our certificate of incorporation does not provide
a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after
payment of the underwriters fees and commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules)
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event
the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate
amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common
stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

RISKS RELATED TO PROCESS OF IDENTIFYING A
TARGET AND CONSUMMATING AN INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION 

Due to our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.74 per share on
our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We have encountered intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of
companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other
resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of
many of these competitors. While we believe there are many target businesses we could potentially acquire with the remaining net proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, including Digerati, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are
obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial
business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.74 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account, based on the funds in the trust account as of December 31, 2022, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than this amount per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than the per share redemption amount initially held in the trust account. 

25 

If the remaining net proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate
until May 30, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive
 10.74 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The remaining funds available to us outside of
the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until May 30, 2023, assuming that our initial business combination is
not completed during that time. We believe that the remaining funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to
allow us to operate until at least May 30, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available
to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business.
We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent
or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms
more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed initial business combination, although we do not have
any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity
from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might
not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.74 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account, based on the amount available in our trust account as of December 31, 2023, and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than this amount per share upon our liquidation. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than the per share redemption amount initially held in the trust account and other risk factors
below. 

If the remaining net proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the
amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend
on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial business combination, to pay our franchise and income
taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 407,250 in cash available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional
capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team, or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate.
None of our sponsor, members of our management team, nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such
circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion
of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent
warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000
of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect
to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do not believe third parties will be willing
to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to
obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.
Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.74 per share on our redemption of our public shares based on
the amount available in our trust account as of December 31, 2023, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than such amount per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than the per share redemption amount initially held in the trust account and other risk factors below. 

26 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes
or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.74
per share. 

The remaining net proceeds of our initial public
offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 10,297,411, as of December 31, 2022,
and after giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103 public shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, is being held in an interest-bearing
trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days
or less or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations
currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe
and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the
possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount
of interest of income (which we are permitted to use to pay our taxes and up to 100,000 of dissolution expenses) would be reduced. In
the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata
share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 10,297,411
as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders
may be reduced below 10.74 per share. 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could
have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our stock price, which could cause you to lose
some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present
inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may
be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result
in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to
partially finance the initial business combination. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial
business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are successfully able to claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are successfully able to bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination constituted an actionable
material misstatement or omission. 

27 

Since we are not limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

While we intend to seek to complete an initial
business combination with an attractive company or business that is a Minority Owned Business, such that, immediately following the completion
of our initial business combination, our company would qualify as a Minority Controlled Business, we are not obligated to do so and may
also pursue business combination opportunities with other types of business combination targets, except that we will not, under our certificate
of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with
nominal operations. Since we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination other than Digerati
with respect to the proposed business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target
business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, or prospects other than Digerati. To
the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with
which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales
or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development-stage
entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure
you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due
diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately
prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target.
Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in
the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or
if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries outside of our management s area of expertise. 

Although we intend to focus on identifying an
operating company or business that is a Minority Owned Business, such that, immediately following the completion of our initial business
combination, our company would qualify as a Minority Controlled Business, we will consider an initial business combination outside of
this area if an initial business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business
combination opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in this area after having expanded a reasonable
amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct
investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business
combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s
expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be
able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders
following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have
a remedy for such reduction in value. 

28 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that
does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet
all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not
meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult
for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target
business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.74 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, based on the funds available in
the trust account as of December 31, 2022 after giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103 public shares in connection with the Extension
Meeting, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.74 per share
on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than the per share redemption amount initially
held in the trust account and related risk factors. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow, or earnings, which could subject
us to volatile revenues, cash flows, or earnings, and/or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not
have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from
an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting
firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders
will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related
to our initial business combination. 

29 

Resources could be wasted in researching
business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.74 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each
specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we
decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial
business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the
related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.74 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account, based on the amount available in the trust account as of December 31, 2022, and our warrants
will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.74 per share on the redemption of
their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and
the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than the per share redemption amount initially held in the trust
account and related risk factors. 

Our ability to successfully effect our
initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of
whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, particularly Shawn D. Rochester, our Chief Executive Officer,
and Robin D. Watkins, our Chief Financial Officer. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following
our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. It is
currently anticipated that, following the closing of the proposed business combination with Digerati, the only current officer or director
of our company who will remain with the combined company will be Mr. Rochester, who will serve as a director of the combined company.
While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our
assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company
regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business
combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and
profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s key personnel upon the
completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an
initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business combination candidate
will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. 

30 

The grant of registration rights to our
initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights
may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with our initial public offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement
warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares and exercise of the private placement
warrants held by them and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register
such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities.
The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business
combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake
they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A
common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working capital loans or their respective
permitted transferees are registered. 

We may issue additional common stock or
preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater
than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our certificate
of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of the date of this report,
there are 87,191,875 and 16,837,500 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively,
available for issuance, which amount includes the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding
warrants, including the private placement warrants, but not the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion
of Class B common stock. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are
convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein,
including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business
combination. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination (although our certificate of incorporation provides that we may not issue securities that can vote
with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity). We may also issue shares of Class A
common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business
combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation. However, our certificate of incorporation
provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that
would entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from the trust account; or (ii) vote on any initial business combination.
These provisions of our certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our certificate of incorporation, may be amended with the
approval of our stockholders. However, our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that
they will not propose any amendment to our certificate of incorporation: (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (B) with
respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we
provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

31 

The issuance of additional shares of common or
preferred stock: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
 and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or
 warrants. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that
may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks
associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher
 costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying
 with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including
 the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in
 February 2022; 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States; and 

government
 appropriations of assets. 

32 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
condition. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments to issue any
notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial
business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the
per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative
effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to
 pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate
 purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may issue our shares to investors in
connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price that approximates the per-share
amounts in our trust account at such time, which is approximately 10.74 based on the funds available in our trust account as of December
31, 2022. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity.
The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such
time. 

33 

We may be able to complete only one business
combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be
solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. 

Of the net proceeds from our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants, as of December 31, 2022, after giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103 public shares
in connection with the Extension Meeting, only 10,297,411 was available to complete our initial business combination and pay related
fees and expenses (which includes up to 4,554,000 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions). 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our
initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks
or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries
or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry.
Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

34 

We may attempt to complete our initial
business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our initial business combination
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as
we suspected, if at all. 

If we have inadequate cash simultaneously
to meet the closing requirements of an initial business combination and redeem all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption,
we will return all shares submitted for redemption and continue to pursue an alternative transaction. 

In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we would not be able to complete the business combination or redeem any such shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted
for redemption would be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead will search for an alternate initial business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our certificate of incorporation or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including
their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption
thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our certificate of incorporation with respect
to pre-business combination activities will require the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock and amending our warrant agreement
will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants. In addition, our certificate of incorporation requires us to provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our certificate of
incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial
business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. To the extent any such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature
of any securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected
securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate
an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

35 

The provisions of our certificate of incorporation
that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from
our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend
our certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of
our stockholders may not support. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public
offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances,
and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common
stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account
may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our certificate of
incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable
provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders own shares representing approximately 74 of our
issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of the date of this report (excluding shares of Class A common stock issued to the underwriters
upon the closing of our initial public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation and/or trust
agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our
certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and
this may increase our ability to complete an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies
against us for any breach of our certificate of incorporation. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our certificate of incorporation: (i) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon
approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into
with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and,
as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

We may be required to seek additional financing
to complete an initial business combination that is larger than we could acquire with the funds currently available to us for an acquisition.
We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves
to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction
or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, the amount of additional
financing we may be required to obtain could increase as a result of future growth capital needs for any particular transaction, the
depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of
shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination and/or the terms of negotiated transactions
to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.74 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes on the liquidation of our trust account, based on the
funds available in our trust account as of December 31, 2022, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not
need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately 10.74 per share on the liquidation of our trust account based on the funds available in our trust account
as of December 31, 2022, and our warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, as described in the risk factor entitled If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders may be less than the per share redemption amount initially held in the trust account, under certain circumstances
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.74 per share upon the liquidation of the trust account. 

36 

Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy
statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or
pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with
our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required
to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or
GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on
the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential
target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

Over the past two years, fewer insurance companies
are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage for special purpose acquisition companies, the premiums charged for
such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance
that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company,
the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to
obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability
to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the
post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets has increased, attractive targets have become scarcer and there is more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

Over the past several years, a significant number
of special purpose acquisition companies have been formed. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already
entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their
initial business combination. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets have been available, and it may require more time, more
effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models has increased, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms.
Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or
increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This
could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

37 

RISKS RELATED TO THE TIMING OF COMPLETING
AN INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial
business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our
dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value
for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination on
or prior to May 30, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination,
knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete
our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above.
In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would
have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.74 per share, or less
than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
we must complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target business
and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within
such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible,
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.74 per share based on the funds available in our trust account as of
December 31, 2022, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.74
per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than the per share redemption amount
initially held in the trust account and other risk factors below. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the
purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders
want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold
one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

38 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM AND SPONSOR 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of: (i) 10.15 per public share; and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account, as
of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 

While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible
that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in
any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative
to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors
choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
stockholders may be reduced below 10.15 per share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and
directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest,
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever.
Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if: (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the
trust account; or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

Past performance by the members of our
management team or entities with which they are or have been affiliated may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in the Company. 

Past performance by the members of our management
team in their other endeavors or the other entities with which they are or have been affiliated is not a guarantee of future success.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or that any business combination
we consummate will be successful. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s performance, or the performance
of any other entities with which our management team is or has been affiliated, as indicative of our future performance or how an investment
in our company will perform or the returns our company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. None of our management team has
had experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies in the past. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not have an
employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the
services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

39 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with
the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the initial
business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of
such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such
individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision
as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel
will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will
remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. As of the date of this report, the only officer or director of our company
who is expected to remain with our company following the closing of the proposed business combination with Digerati is Shawn D. Rochester,
our President and CEO, who is expected to serve as a director of the combined company. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business
whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact
the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he
may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to
our affairs. In particular, our officers and directors may be employed by or otherwise work with our sponsor or other entities that are
investment managers to various public and private investment funds, which make investments in securities or other interests of or relating
to companies in industries we may target for our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may also serve as officers
or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial
amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs
which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

40 

Certain of our officers and directors are
now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be
conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors
are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Subject to any pre-existing contractual
or fiduciary obligations, our sponsor and officers and directors shall offer all suitable business combination opportunities within our
area of focus to us before any other person or company until we have consummated our initial business combination or we have failed to
complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

Our officers and directors also may become aware
of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary
or contractual duties. 

Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor
and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer
is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an
initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not
intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

In particular, our sponsor and its affiliates,
as well as other entities affiliated with our officers and directors, may also invest in companies or businesses that qualify as Minority
Controlled Businesses. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination
target for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. 

We may engage in an initial business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers
and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
Our directors also serve as founders, officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination
opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial
business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning an initial
business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction
with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an
initial business combination as set forth in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Proposed Business Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our
disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA,
or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of an initial business
combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination may not be as advantageous to our
public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

41 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares
they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business
combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On April 21, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share. In August 2021, we effected
a stock dividend, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 3,162,500 founder shares. If unrestricted and freely tradeable, the
3,162,500 founder shares would be valued at approximately 33.7 million, based on the closing price of Class A Common Stock on January
31, 2023. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. In
addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 5,395,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of 5,395,000 that will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Holders of founder shares
have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder
shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or in connection with a tender offer.
In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests
of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a business combination target, completing an
initial business combination and influencing the operation of the combined company resulting from the business combination. If we are
liquidated without completing an initial business combination, out-of-pocket expenses advanced by our sponsor or its affiliates and loans
made by our sponsor or its affiliates to us would not be repaid to the extent such amounts exceed cash held by us outside of the trust
account (which such expenses and loans, as of December 31, 2022, amounted to 1,765,000). 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

We may structure an initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not
meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior
to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our
stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control
of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

42 

Our certificate of incorporation requires,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers or other
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our certificate of incorporation requires, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers or other employees
for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if
brought outside of Delaware the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel except any action: (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination); (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or
forum other than the Court of Chancery; (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction; or (D) any action
arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall
have concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision
may make it more costly for a stockholder to bring a claim, and it may also limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a
judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders cannot waive our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates
exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our certificate of incorporation
provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause
of action arising under the Securities Act. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision
and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the
Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

43 

RISKS RELATED TO SPECIAL PURPOSE ACQUISITION
COMPANIES SPACS ), GENERALLY 

The nominal purchase price paid by our
sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

We offered our units at an offering price of
 10.00 per unit in our initial public offering and the amount in our trust account was initially 10.15 per public share, implying
an initial value of 10.15 per public share. However, prior to our initial public offering, our sponsor paid a nominal aggregate
purchase price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.009 per share. As a result, the value of our public shares may
be significantly diluted upon the consummation of our initial business combination, when the founder shares are converted into
public shares. For example, the following table shows the dilutive effect of the founder shares, after giving effect to the dividend
effected in August 2021, on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination,
assuming that our equity value at that time is 5,743,411, which is the amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022 after
payment of deferred underwriting commissions, assuming no interest is earned on the funds held in the trust account and no public
shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination, and without taking into account any other potential impacts
on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our public shares, the business combination transaction costs, any
equity issued or cash paid to the target s sellers or other third parties, or the target s business itself, including
its assets, liabilities, management and prospects, as well as the value of our public and private warrants. At such valuation, each
of our shares of common stock would have an implied value of 1.34 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination,
which would be an 86.6 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.00 (the price per unit in our initial
public offering, assuming no value to the public warrants). 

Public shares 
 958,897 
 
 Founder shares 
 3,162,500 
 
 Maxim shares 
 158,125 
 
 Total shares 
 4,279,522 
 
 Total funds in trust available for initial business combination (less deferred underwriting commissions) 
 5,743,411 
 
 Initial implied value per public share 
 10.00 
 
 Implied value per share upon consummation of initial business combination 
 1.34

The value of the founder shares following
completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the
trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Upon the closing of our initial public offering,
our sponsor had invested in us an aggregate of 5,420,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 5,395,000
purchase price for the private placement warrants being purchased by our sponsor. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation
of our initial business combination, the 3,162,500 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 31,625,000. Even if the trading
price of our common stock was as low as 1.71 per share, and the private placement warrants were worthless, the value of the founder
shares would be equal to the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our sponsor is likely to be able to recoup its investment
in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management
team, which owns interests in our sponsor, may have an economic incentive that differs from that of the public shareholders to pursue
and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate and to return all of the cash in the trust to the public shareholders,
even if that business combination were with a riskier or less-established target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider
our management team s financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares
prior to or in connection with the initial business combination. 

44 

We are a recently formed company with no
operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently formed company with no operating
results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective
of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with
any prospective target business concerning an initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 407,250 and working
capital deficit of 2,517,615. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of financing plans and our initial
business combination. Management s plans to 2022 up to six (6) one-month extensions to May 30, 2023. We filed a certificate of
amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on November 29, 2022 with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware to effect such extension. As per such extension, an additional 83,333.33 must be deposited into the Trust Account for each
month extended. As of the date of this report, an aggregate of 250,000 has been deposited into the Trust Account in connection with
three one-month extensions. The funds for such extensions were provided by Digerati pursuant to an agreement dated November 9, 2022
between MEOA and Digerati whereby, among other things, Digerati agreed to provide up to 500,000 to be deposited into the Trust
Account to extend the business combination period up to six times (for a total extension of six months from November 30, 2022). 

You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target
business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities
laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating
this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly,
investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately
tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419.
Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds
held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion
of an initial business combination. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive
damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to
our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

45 

If, before distributing the proceeds in
the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at
us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including
information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated
and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties
or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data.
As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such
occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to,
cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

RISKS RELATED TO BEING PUBLICLY TRADED 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our units, warrants and Class A common stock
have been approved for listing on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq
prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders 
equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity would
generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be
quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market
quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

46 

a determination that our Class A
common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent
rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and
analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue
additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our units, warrants and Class A common stock are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A
common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal
statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity,
then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used
these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state
securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the
sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not
be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with
our initial business combination. 

We have received a notice from the Nasdaq
Listing Qualifications Department notifying us that we are not in compliance with the market value of listed securities requirement pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2). 

On January 24, 2023, we received a written notice
(the Notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying
us that for the last 30 consecutive business days, our Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS was below the minimum of
 35 million required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2). 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C),
we have been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until July 24, 2023, to regain compliance. The Notice states that the Nasdaq
staff will provide written confirmation of compliance that we have achieved compliance with Rule 5550(b)(2) if at any time before July
24, 2023, our MVLS closes at 35 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. The Notice is only a notification of
deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

If compliance is not achieved by July 24, 2023,
the Notice states that we will receive written notification that our securities are subject to delisting. At that time, we may appeal
the delisting determination to a Hearings Panel. 

We anticipate that, as a result of our proposed
business combination with Digerati, as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the combined company will be subject to meeting
all of the applicable Nasdaq initial listing standards. In the interim, we will continue to monitor our MVLS and consider all other available
options to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2). However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2), or that our proposed business combination with Digerati will be consummated in a timely manner or
at all. 

47 

RISKS RELATED TO CERTAIN LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature
of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance
of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
requirements, including: 

registration as an investment
company; 

adoption of a specific form
of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping,
voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business
other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter
to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale
or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in
United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest
in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted
at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank
or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act. Our initial public offering was not intended for persons seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment
securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial
business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our
certificate of incorporation: (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (B) with respect to any other material provision relating to
stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business combination on or prior
to May 30, 2023, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public
shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses
for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an initial business combination or may result in our liquidation. 

48 

We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance
with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth
company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the
trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards
used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting
companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited
financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which: (1) the market value
of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th ; or (2) our
annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations,
it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further,
for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

49 

We have identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely
affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise
required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses
identified through such evaluation of those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting in that, since inception in 2021 to the present, we did not effectively segregate certain accounting
duties due to the small size of our accounting staff. As a result of, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

In addition, we identified a material weakness
related to an ineffective Financial Statement Reporting Close process where the controls over reconciliations did not identify a material
difference during the financial statement close process and resulted in a material error where an adjustment was ultimately recorded.
As a result of, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31,
2022. 

To respond to this material weakness, we plan
to devote effort and resources to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Our remediation plan can only be accomplished
over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. For a discussion of the material
weakness that management identified, see Item 9a Controls and Procedures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Any failure to maintain such internal control
could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our
financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial
statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common
stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business.
Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a
negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We can give no assurance that the measures we
plan to take will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future
due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In
addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not
be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

Changes in SEC regulations or policies
may adversely impact our ability to negotiate and complete the Business Combination. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules
relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies;
amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively eliminating the safe
harbor relating to the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the
potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become
subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment
as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose,
and activities. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the costs and time
needed to complete an initial business combination or impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

50 

The majority member of our sponsor is Sphere
3D Corp., an Ontario, Canada corporation that is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol ANY .
As a result of this relationship with a non-US entity, it is possible that any proposed business combination may be subject to review
by U.S. governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent the consummation of an initial business combination, thereby leading to
the liquidation of our company. 

Although our sponsor is a Delaware limited liability
company, the majority member of our sponsor is Sphere 3D Corp., an Ontario, Canada corporation that is publicly traded on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the trading symbol ANY . Due to the fact that our sponsor is controlled by a non-US person, it is possible
that we will not be able to complete an initial busines combination with a U.S. target company in the event that the transaction is subject
to review by a U.S. governmental entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or such transaction may ultimately
be prohibited. As a result, the pool of potential target companies with which we could complete an initial business combination may be
limited. Further, if any proposed initial business combination is subject to review by a U.S. governmental entity, the time necessary
to conduct such review, or a decision to prohibit the proposed transaction, could prevent us from completing an initial business combination
prior to the expiration of the business combination period (as it may be extended), thereby forcing us to liquidate. In such case, our
public stockholders may only receive 10.74 per share, based on the amount available in the trust account as of December 31, 2022, or
less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

RISKS RELATED TO TAX CONSIDERATIONS 

An investment in our initial public offering
involves uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

An investment in our initial public offering
involved uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, the Internal Revenue Service could challenge the allocation an
investor makes with respect to allocating the purchase price of a unit between the share of Class A common stock and one warrant to purchase
one share of Class A common stock included in each unit. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise
of warrants included in the units is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to
our shares of Class A common stock suspend the running of a stockholder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any
gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining
whether any dividend we pay would be considered a qualified dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business
combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval under Delaware law, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company
or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a stockholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the stockholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to
make any cash distributions to stockholders to pay such taxes. Stockholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Unanticipated changes in tax laws may affect future financial
results. 

We are a U.S. corporation and thus are subject
to various U.S. federal, state and local taxes. New U.S. laws and policies relating to taxes may have an adverse effect on our business
and future profitability. Further, existing U.S. tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed,
modified or applied adversely to our company. 

51 

In recent years, the federal government has made
significant changes to U.S. tax laws, including through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act and the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into
law, with tax provisions primarily focused on implementing a 15 minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income, effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases occurring after December 31, 2022. We may be
subject to the new excise tax with respect to any exercise by our public stockholders of their redemption rights upon consummation of
an initial business combination. Further, the current administration had previously set forth several tax proposals that would, if enacted,
make further significant changes to U.S. tax laws (including provisions enacted pursuant to the Tax Act). Such proposals include, but
are not limited to: (i) an increase in the U.S. income tax rate applicable to corporations from 21 to 28 ; (ii) an increase in the maximum
U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to individuals; and (iii) an increase in the U.S. federal income tax rate for long-term capital
gain for certain taxpayers with income in excess of a threshold amount. Congress may consider some or all of these proposals in connection
with additional tax reform to be undertaken by the current administration. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted
and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could take effect. The passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals and other
similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could adversely affect our business and future profitability. Investors are urged to
consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to any such legislation and the potential tax consequences of holding our securities. 

Significant judgment is required in determining
our provision and our valuation allowance for income taxes and other tax liabilities. Although we believe that our tax provisions are
reasonable, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what
is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. To the extent we are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves,
such differences could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of income for a particular future period. In addition,
an unfavorable tax settlement could require use of our cash and result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period in which
such resolution occurs. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection
with redemptions. 

On August 16, 2022, the IRA was signed into federal
law. The IRA provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock
by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly traded non-U.S. corporations. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of Treasury
has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
The IRA applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs
in connection with our initial business combination may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject
to the excise tax would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with our initial business combination, (ii) the fair market value of the shares issued in connection with our initial business combination,
(iii) the nature and amount of any equity issuances within the same taxable year of our initial business combination, and (iv) the content
of regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by our
company, and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. 

52 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES 

We did not register the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may
not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants
except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
worthless. 

We did not register the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms
of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of
our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration
under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our reasonable
best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain
a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants
in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts
or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the financial statements
contained herein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are
not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However,
no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to
exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of
the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common
stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants
who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and,
in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to
use our reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants
in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and
there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt
from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have
no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for
sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If you exercise your public warrants on
a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise
such warrants for cash. 

There are circumstances in which the exercise
of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration statement covering the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing
of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Second, if our Class A common stock
is at any time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise
their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we
will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our reasonable
best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Third, if
we call the public warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants
to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below)
over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported last
sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable.
As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for
cash. 

53 

We may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding
public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the
number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse
to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend
the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such
amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or
stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject
to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x)
the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any
such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit
a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may
discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

54 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported
sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise
price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price
when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor, Maxim or their permitted transferees. 

Our warrants are accounted for as derivative
liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings which may have an
adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We have 18,677,500 warrants outstanding (comprised
of 12,650,000 public warrants as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and 6,027,500 private placement warrants).
We account for both the public warrants and the private placement warrants as a warrant liability. At each reporting period (1) the accounting
treatment of the warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the
liability of the warrants will be remeasured and the change in the fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense)
in our income statement. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common
stock, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Our warrants and founder shares may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued 12,650,000 shares of Class A
common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering (of which 11,691,103 shares of Class A common stock were redeemed
in connection with the Extension Meeting) and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued in a private
placement, private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,027,500 shares of Class A Common Stock at 11.50 per share.
Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 3,162,500 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A
common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor or its affiliates, or
any of our officers or directors, makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into private placement-equivalent warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000
of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including
as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

To the extent we issue shares of Class A common
stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class
A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive business combination vehicle to a target business. Any
such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares
of Class A common stock issued to complete the initial business combination. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate
an initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The private placement warrants are identical
to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor, Maxim
or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 

55 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive and administrative offices are
located in Waxahachie, Texas, and are provided to us, rent-free, by an affiliate of our sponsor. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party to material litigation
proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None 

56 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants
are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols MEOAU, MEOA and MEOAW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on
August 26, 2021 and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced separate public trading on October 18, 2021. 

Holders 

As of March 14, 2023 there was one holder of
record of our units, one holder of record of our separately traded Class A common stock, three holders of record of our separately traded
warrants, and one holder of record of our Class B common stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be
dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our
business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our business combination will be within the discretion of our board
of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock
dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our business combination, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offering 

On April 21, 2021, we issued 2,875,000 shares
of our Class B common stock to our sponsor for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately 0.009 per share, in connection
with our formation. Such shares were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. At December 31, 2022, there were 3,162,500 shares of Class B common stock issued
and outstanding, after giving retroactive effect to the stock dividend that the Company effected in August 2021, of which 412,500 shares
were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full. As a result of
the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on August 30, 2021, none of the Class B shares are subject
to forfeiture any longer. 

On August 30, 2021,
we consummated our initial public offering of 12,650,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of our Class A common stock and one redeemable
warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units
were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 126,500,000. Maxim Group LLC acted as sole book-running manager.
The securities sold in the initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No.
333-258241), which was declared effective by the SEC on August 25, 2021. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated a private placement of 6,027,500 private placement warrants, at a price of
 1.00 per private placement warrant, to our sponsor and to Maxim Partners LLP, generating gross proceeds of 6,027,500. A total of 5,395,000
warrants were purchased by our sponsor and a total of 632,500 warrants were purchased by Maxim Partners LLC. Such securities were issued
pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Following the closing of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants, an aggregate amount of 128,397,500 (which amount includes the deferred underwriting
discount) was placed in a trust account established in connection with the initial public offering. 

57 

Transaction costs amounted to 8,998,713, consisting
of 2,403,500 of underwriting fees, 4,554,000 of deferred underwriting fees, 586,779 of other offering costs, and 1,454,434 of
the fair value of the representative s common stock. 

In addition, approximately 407,250 (as of December
31, 2022) of cash is held outside of the trust account and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us (less
taxes payable) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our franchise and income taxes. To the extent
that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, we may apply the
balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the trust
account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate, complete a business combination, and implement our plan of dissolution. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer

In connection with the Extension Meeting, which
was held on November 29, 2022, the holders of 11,691,103 shares of our Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares
for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result of such redemptions, approximately 120.8 million (approximately
 10.33 per share), representing approximately 92 of the assets held in the trust account prior to such redemptions, was removed from
the trust account to pay such holders. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Not applicable 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, Minority
Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc., our, us or we refer to Minority Equality Opportunities
Acquisition Inc. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this
discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for
our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those made, projected or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors 
section for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

This Form 10-K includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include,
but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements
other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR
section of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly
required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

58 

Overview 

We are a blank check
company incorporated on February 18, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 

Our sponsor is Minority
Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement
for our initial public offering was declared effective on August 25, 2021. On August 30, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering
(the Initial Public Offering of 12,650,000 Units, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment
option to purchase an additional 1,650,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 126,500,000. Transaction costs amounted
to 8,998,713, consisting of 2,403,500 of underwriting fees, 4,554,000 of deferred underwriting fees, 586,779 of other offering costs,
and 1,454,434 of the fair value of the representative s common stock. Of the 8,998,713 aggregate transaction costs, 741,209
was allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. 

We issued 158,125 shares
of Class A common stock, with a fair value of 1,454,434, to Maxim, the representative of the underwriters, which is deemed compensation
by FINRA and therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the IPO. Additionally,
Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of our initial Business Combination. In addition,
Maxim has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial Business
Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if we fail to
complete our initial Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 6,027,500 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor and to Maxim Partners LLC, generating gross proceeds to us of 6,027,500.
A total of 5,395,000 Private Placement Warrants were issued to the Sponsor and a total of 632,500 Private Placement Warrants were issued
to Maxim Partners LLC. 

Upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, an amount of 128,397,500 10.15 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and will only be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to our company to pay our franchise
and income tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (a) the completion of our initial Business
Combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate
of incorporation: (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if we do not complete the
initial Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-Business Combination activity; and (c) the redemption of the public shares if we are unable to complete the initial Business
Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, subject to applicable law. In connection with the Extension Meeting, the holders of 11,691,103
public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result of such
redemptions, approximately 120.8 million (approximately 10.33 per share), representing approximately 92 of the assets held in the
Trust Account prior to such redemptions, was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

59 

We will have until May
30, 2023 to complete the initial Business Combination. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust
agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, each as amended in connection with the Extension
Meeting, a deposit in the amount of 83,333.33 must be made into the Trust Account for each month extended during the six month period
from November 30, 2022 to May 30, 2023. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend
the time for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination on or prior
to May 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
us to pay the franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if we
fail to complete the initial Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

Business Combination
Agreement 

On August 30, 2022,
we entered into the Business Combination Agreement with Digerati Technologies, Inc. Digerati and MEOA Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ). The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the board of
directors of each of our company and Digerati. The Business Combination Agreement provides for, among other things, the merger of Merger
Sub with and into Digerati, with Digerati as the surviving company in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, Digerati becoming
our wholly-owned subsidiary. In addition, we will be renamed Verve Technology Corporation upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

In accordance with the
terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time, based on an implied equity value of
Digerati of 71,080,810: (i) each share of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time will become one share of New Digerati Common Stock; (ii) each share of the common stock of Digerati outstanding
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will include shares of the common stock of Digerati
issued upon the exercise of the Post Road Warrant and upon the conversion of Digerati s outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, which exercise and conversions shall occur prior to the Effective Time) will be automatically cancelled
and extinguished and converted into a right to receive shares of New Digerati Common Stock; (iii) each share of capital stock of Merger
Sub issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be automatically cancelled and extinguished and converted
into one share of New Digerati Common Stock; (iv) all vested and unvested options to purchase Digerati common stock will be assumed by
our company and thereafter be settled or exercisable for shares of New Digerati Common Stock; (v) each warrant to purchase shares of
Digerati common stock (other than the Post Road Warrant, which shall be exercised prior to the Effective Time) will be assumed by our
company and thereafter be a warrant to purchase shares of New Digerati Common Stock; (provided, however, that those certain warrants
to purchase up to 13,534,535 shares of Digerati Common Stock that Digerati issued to four (4) bridge lenders in November and December
2022 (the Bridge Loan Warrants (although they will be assumed by our company) are not part of the implied equity value
of Digerati; and (vi) each share of Digerati preferred stock that will remain outstanding after the Effective Time will be assumed by
our company and thereafter be convertible into shares of New Digerati Common Stock. 

On February 14, 2023,
the parties to the Business Combination Agreement amended the Business Combination Agreement (the February Amendment to
increase the implied equity value of Digerati from 68,680,807 to 71,080,810 to give effect to the issuance by Digerati to Maxim, immediately
prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, of such number of shares of Digerati Common Stock as would be exchanged for an aggregate
of 240,000 shares of New Digerati Common Stock upon the Closing of the Business Combination as partial compensation for financial advisory
services that Maxim provided to Digerati in connection with the Business Combination. The February Amendment also clarified that the
shares of Digerati Common Stock underlying the Bridge Loan Warrants would not be part of the implied equity value of Digerati of 71,080,810,
and it clarified that none of the shares underlying any of the convertible promissory notes of Digerati that are outstanding upon the
Closing of the Business Combination are part of the implied equity value of Digerati of 71,080,810. 

60 

On February 24, 2023,
the parties to the Business Combination Agreement further amended the Business Combination Agreement to, among other things, extend the
Termination Date (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) from February 25, 2023 to April 28, 2023. 

The Business Combination
is expected to close in the second calendar quarter of 2023, following the receipt of the required approval by our stockholders and the
fulfillment of other customary closing conditions. 

Recent Developments 

On August 30, 2022,
an affiliate of our sponsor funded an extension loan in the amount of 1,265,000 and caused such amount to be deposited into the Trust
Account in order provide additional time for our company to complete an initial business combination. The loan is unsecured and non-interest
bearing. If we complete an initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will, at the option of our sponsor (or its affiliate),
(i) repay the extension loan out of the proceeds of our Trust Account that are released to our company, or (ii) convert a portion or
all of the loan into warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of 1.00 per warrant, which warrants will be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants issued to our sponsor at the time of our IPO. If we do not complete our initial business combination
on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will only repay the extension loan from funds held outside of our Trust Account. 

On September 3, 2021,
an affiliate of our sponsor funded a working capital loan in the amount of up to 500,000. The loan is unsecured and non-interest bearing.
If we complete an initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will, at the option of our sponsor (or its affiliate),
(i) repay the loan out of the proceeds of our Trust Account that are released to our company, or (ii) convert a portion or all of the
loan into warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of 1.00 per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the Private
Placement Warrants issued to our sponsor at the time of our IPO. If we do not complete our initial business combination on or prior to
May 30, 2023, we will only repay the working capital loan from funds held outside of our Trust Account. 

At the Extension Meeting,
our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we must consummate
an initial business combination from November 30, 2022 up to six (6) one-month extensions to May 30, 2023. We filed a certificate of
amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on November 29, 2022 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
to effect such extension. As per such extension, an additional 83,333.33 must be deposited into the Trust Account for each month extended.
As of the date of this report, an aggregate of 250,000 has been deposited into the Trust Account in connection with three one-month
extensions. The funds for such extensions were provided by Digerati pursuant to an agreement dated November 9, 2022 between MEOA and
Digerati whereby, among other things, Digerati agreed to provide up to 500,000 to be deposited into the Trust Account to extend the
business combination period up to six times (for a total extension of six months from November 30, 2022). 

Liquidity, Capital
Resources and Going Concern Considerations 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 407,250 in cash and working capital deficit of 2,517,615. 

Our liquidity needs
up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through a capital contribution from our Sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares and the
loan under an unsecured promissory note from our Sponsor of up to 300,000. After consummation of the IPO on August 30, 2021, we had
approximately 1.6 million in our operating bank account, and working capital of approximately 0.8 million. On September 3, 2021, the
Sponsor agreed to provide us with loans in such amounts as may be required to fund our working capital requirements up to an aggregate
of 500,000. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate
of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans. 

On February 28, 2022,
March 21, 2022, and September 19, 2022, our Sponsor (or an affiliate of our Sponsor) agreed to loan to us 174,000, 163,000, and 163,000,
respectively, as part of the Working Capital Loans. The promissory notes are non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of our
initial Business Combination. At the lender s discretion, the promissory notes may be repayable in warrants of the post Business
Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. As of December 31, 2022, there was 500,000 of borrowings. We assessed the provisions
of the convertible promissory notes under ASC 815-15. The derivative component of the obligations is initially valued and classified
as derivative liabilities with an offset to a discount on the promissory notes. To calculate the value of the embedded derivative the
Monte Carlo Model was utilized to fair value the underlying warrants and the compound option. The fair value of the conversion feature
was zero at the dates of issuance and at December 31, 2022. 

61 

Based on the foregoing,
management believes that we will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the earlier of
the consummation of a Business Combination or May 30, 2023. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing
accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective
target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the Business Combination. 

We are within 12 months
of our mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In connection with our assessment of going
concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until May 30, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination.
It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated
by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of our company. Management has determined that insufficient
working capital and the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The consolidated financial statements included
in this report do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues
to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian military action in Ukraine and has concluded that while it is reasonably
possible that the virus and/or such military action could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of its operations,
and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the consolidated financial statements
included in this report. The consolidated financial statements included in this report do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022,
the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things,
a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair
market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other
repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject
to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension
vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any
 PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a
Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other
guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics
of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand
to complete a Business Combination and in our ability to complete a Business Combination. 

62 

Results of Operations 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates
to our formation and the Initial Public Offering and search for a target for our initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of
our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. We expect to incur increased expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 5,940,296, which included a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities
of 6,659,839, benefit from income tax of 253,660, capital gains on trust of 8 and interest income earned on cash held in Trust Account
of 1,515,362, offset by formation and operating costs of 2,006,244. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

On August 25, 2021,
we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement (the Support Agreement with Sphere 3D Corp. Sphere ),
an affiliate of our Sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed that, commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the NASDAQ
Capital Market, we would pay to Sphere 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services.
Upon the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying such monthly fees. The
Support Agreement was amended on May 16, 2022, at which time we and Sphere agreed that, notwithstanding anything in the Support Agreement
to the contrary, the monthly payment referenced in clause (i) of the Support Agreement shall, beginning with respect to the monthly period
that began on February 26, 2022 and ended on March 25, 2022, and continuing thereafter until the earlier of the consummation of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, accrue without interest thereon and be due and payable on the earlier of the consummation of
our initial business combination or our liquidation. The Support Agreement was further amended on January 17, 2023 to provide that we
would pay to Sphere an amount equal to 100,000 to be applied against accrued payments under the Support Agreement plus up to an additional
amount equal to 25,000 to be applied against any remaining accrued payments, with the balance to be applied against future fees under
the Support Agreement. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, the shares of Class A common stock that were issued to the representative of the underwriters in the IPO, Private Placement Warrants,
and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and/or Extension Loans (and any shares of Class A Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans
and/or Extension Loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement dated August 25, 2021, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion
to Class A Common Stock). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that
we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriters may
not exercise their demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years after the effective date of the
registration statement for the IPO and may not exercise their demand rights on more than one occasion. 

63 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriter had a 45-day option from
the date of the IPO to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,650,000 additional Units at the public offering price less the underwriting commissions
to cover over-allotments, if any. On August 30, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

The underwriter is entitled
to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.6 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, which included the exercise of the
over-allotment option, or 4,554,000, held in the Trust Account upon the completion of our initial Business Combination subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. On August 30, 2022, we amended the underwriting agreement to reflect a commission value equal to
the product of (i) 4,554,000 and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient resulting by dividing the percentage of redemptions of all public shares
that were originally issued in the Initial Public Offering by two (2). Additionally, the payment of the deferred underwriting commission
shall be paid in cash but shall be subordinate to the payments of up to 2,500,000 of Sponsor loans to our company and up to 2,500,000
of debt repayment to other parties. 

Financial Advisory
Agreements 

In November 2021, we
entered into agreements with PGP Capital Advisors and Vaughan Capital Advisors whereby such entities would provide financial advisory
services to our company. Pursuant to such agreements, we would pay monthly fees to such advisors in the aggregate amount of 25,000 and
would reimburse such advisors for their out-of-pocket costs and expenses. We also agreed to pay to such advisors an aggregate success
fee upon the closing of a business combination transaction equal to the sum of: (i) three percent (3 of the transaction value of the
target company in such business combination up to 100 million, plus (ii) two percent (2 of the transaction value of the target company
greater than 100 million up to 200 million, plus (iii) one percent (1 of the transaction value of the target company above 200 million.
The success fee shall be reduced by the monthly fees previously paid to the financial advisors. The financial advisors shall have the
option to receive an equivalent dollar amount of warrants and/or shares of our Class A common stock in lieu of cash up to twenty percent
(20 of the success fee payable. 

On August 30, 2022,
we amended the agreements with our financial advisors to provide for a 40,000 retainer payment to be paid within forty-five (45) days
following the amendment and to provide that if the proposed Business Combination with Digerati closes, the advisors shall be entitled
to an aggregate success fee upon the closing of the Business Combination equal to two percent (2 of the transaction value of Digerati
up to 100 million, with such success fee to be reduced by the aggregate amount of all payments to the advisors prior to the closing. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
our consolidated financial statements. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

Offering Costs 

We comply with the requirements
of ASC 340-10-S99-1. Deferred offering costs consists of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance
sheet date that are directly related to the Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments to be
issued in the IPO based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Upon closing of the IPO on August 30, 2021,
offering costs associated with warrant liabilities were expensed, and offering costs associated with the Class A common stock were charged
to temporary equity. Transaction costs amounted to 8,998,713, of which 741,209 were allocated to expense associated with the warrant
liability. 

64 

Convertible Instruments 

We account for our promissory
notes that feature conversion options in accordance with ASC No. 815, Derivatives and Hedging Activities ASC No. 815 ).
ASC No. 815 requires companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as freestanding derivative
financial instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria includes circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and
risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host
contract, (b) a promissory note that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair
value under otherwise applicable GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with
the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption 

We account for our Class
A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as
a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to possible redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within our control) is classified in temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity.
Our Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, the 958,897 shares of Class A common stock is presented at redemption
value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. There was no change to redemption
value at December 31, 2022 since the incurred taxes exceed the interest earned inception to date. The dissolution expense of 100,000
is not included in the redemption value of the shares subject to possible redemption since it is only taken into account in the event
of our liquidation. In connection with the Extension Meeting, stockholders holding 11,691,103 public shares exercised their right to
redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result of such redemptions, approximately 120.8 million
(approximately 10.33 per share), representing approximately 92 of the assets held in the Trust Account prior to such redemptions, was
removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Stock 

We have two classes
of shares, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares.
We have not considered the effect of the outstanding warrants to purchase 18,677,500 shares of Class A common stock in the calculation
of diluted income per share, since their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net income per common stock
is the same as basic net income per common stock for the periods. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

We evaluated the financial
instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with
ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Derivative instruments are initially recorded at fair value on the grant date and
re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities
are classified in the balance sheets as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument
could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Warrant Liability 

We evaluated the Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants to be issued in the IPO (collectively, Warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40,
 Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity and concluded that a provision in the Warrant Agreement
related to certain tender or exchange offers precludes the Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Warrants
meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants will be recorded as derivative liabilities on the balance
sheets and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the IPO) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurement , with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations in the period of change. 

65 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Inflation 

We do not believe that
inflation had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. 

Emerging Growth Company
Status 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act
of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the
auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This
may make comparison of our financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging
growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences
in accounting standards used. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

Not applicable 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The Financial Statements of the Company, the
Notes thereto and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon required by this Item 8 begin on page F-1 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K located immediately following the signature page. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. 

66 

Specifically, management s determination
was based on the following material weaknesses which existed as of December 31, 2022. Since inception in 2021 to the present, we did
not effectively segregate certain accounting duties due to the small size of our accounting staff. In addition, we restated our financial
statements as of August 25, 2021 regarding the classification of redeemable Class A Shares, which constitutes a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting. Regarding the restatement our balance sheet included in our Form 8-K, as filed with the
SEC on September 3, 2021, certain redemption provisions not solely within our control require common stock subject to redemption to be
classified outside of permanent equity. We had previously classified a portion of the Class A common stock in permanent equity. We restated
our financial statements to classify all Class A common stock as temporary equity and any related impact, as the threshold in our charter
would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus would be required to be disclosed outside of permanent equity. 

In addition, we identified a material weakness
related to an ineffective Financial Statement Reporting Close process where the controls over reconciliations did not identify a material
difference during the financial statement close process and resulted in a material error where an adjustment was ultimately recorded.
As a result of, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Notwithstanding the determination
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of December 31, 2022, and that there were material weaknesses
as identified in this Annual Report, we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered hereby in all material respects. 

To respond to this material weakness, we have
devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control
over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to
enhance these processes to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial
statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased
communication among our personnel and third-party service providers. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

In light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as
deemed necessary to ensure that our audited financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Accordingly, management believes that the audited financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

67 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Officers and Directors 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Shawn D. Rochester 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Robin D. Watkins 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Ronald D. Busby, Sr. 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Patrick F. Linehan 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Julianne Malveaux 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Shawn D. Rochester. Mr. Rochester
is our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Rochester has served as Chief Executive Officer
of Good Steward LLC and as Founder of PHD Enterprises since June 2013, and he served as Vice Chairman of Highland Poe from April 2021
to September 2021. Good Steward LLC, PHD Enterprises and Highland Poe provide, collectively, services relating to financial consulting,
economic advocacy, corporate strategy and equitable growth. He is also a sought-after speaker, an economic development advocate and the
author of the critically acclaimed book, The Black Tax: The Cost of Being Black in America, which book is a data-driven, evidence-based
account of the massive systemic financial burden Black Americans have endured since the early 1600s. Since his book s debut, Mr.
Rochester has advised Fortune 100 C-suite executives and given presentations before state legislatures and the United Nations on how
his PHD economic framework leads to truly inclusive and equitable economic strategies that drive jobs, business and capital strategies
that spur a stronger U.S. and international eco-system. Mr. Rochester has received citations from the New York State Assembly and the
New York City Council for his work in economic development and was also selected by the International Human Rights Commission Relief
Fund Trust (IHRC-RFT) to be listed in its 2019 almanac as one of the Top 100 Human Rights Defenders for his efforts to educate people
on the financial cost of discrimination (past and present) against members of the African Diaspora in America. During his time in the
private sector, from October 2007 to May 2013, Mr. Rochester served as the Global Director of New Business Development for Amphenol Corporation s
AITC Group, responsible for mergers, acquisitions and identifying new growth opportunities for a substantial portfolio of businesses
covering the IT and Data Communications marketplace. Earlier in his career, Mr. Rochester worked for IBM Corporation in Corporate Development,
Finance Planning, and Treasury. Mr. Rochester also was a member of IBM s Emerging Business Opportunities (EBO) program, where
he worked with various global general managers to identify, fund and monitor businesses that represented significant revenue generating
opportunities. Mr. Rochester holds a Master s degree in Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of
Business, with a concentration in Accounting and Finance, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University
of Rochester. We believe that Mr. Rochester is well-qualified to serve as a director of our company due to his corporate development,
strategic planning and transactional experience with global industry leading organizations, as well as his status and experiences as
a thought leader in, and deep connections in, the minority-owned business community. 

Robin D. Watkins CPA. Ms. Watkins
is our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and is a member of our Board of Directors. Ms. Watkins, who started her career
implementing Sarbanes-Oxley mandates for US Airways and other public companies, brings more than twenty years of strategic financial
and operational accounting to our company. Ms. Watkins currently serves as acting Chief Financial Officer at United Way of the National
Capital Area, after having served as Vice President of Finance Accounting. Prior to that, Ms. Watkins held senior and mid-level
positions at Deloitte LLP, where she served as a Manager in the Advisory Consulting Practice from May 2018 until September 2021, and
PricewaterhouseCoopers, where she served as Senior Associate from May 2010 to May 2018. As a result of such service, Ms. Watkins is highly
regarded for the strategic planning and audit-readiness advice given to federal agencies such as the Departments of Defense, Justice,
and Homeland Security, as well as the US Postal Service. Ms. Watkins is well-versed in financial risk mitigation assessments, internal
controls, and compliance audits. During her career, Ms. Watkins has also consulted a wide range of non-profit and community-based organizations,
performing services that included financial statement preparation and analysis, internal audits, risk assessments, and tax return preparation.
Ms. Watkins holds a BA in Accounting from Drexel University and is a member of the American Institute of CPAs. We believe that Ms. Watkins
is well-qualified to serve as a director of our company due to her experience advising and providing services to public companies and
other organizations, and her background in strategic financial and operational accounting. 

68 

Ronald D. Busby, Sr. Mr. Busby
is a member of our Board of Directors. As President and Chief Executive Officer of the U.S. Black Chambers, Inc. (USBC), in which capacity
he has served since he founded USBC in March 2009, Mr. Busby brings a lifetime of small and minority-owned business, executive management
and public policy expertise to our company. Mr. Busby launched his business career working in positions of increasing responsibility
at Exxon, IBM, and Coca Cola USA during the 1980 s. Later, he formed his own company, USA Superclean, as well as two other successful
janitorial firms Building Maintenance Services and American Janitorial Services. Mr. Busby is the former president of the Greater
Phoenix Black Chamber of Commerce and currently serves on the Pfizer Small Business Council, National Newspapers Publishers Association
Foundation Board of Directors, and the White House African American Leadership Council. He also served on the U.S. Small Business Administration s
Council on Underserved Communities. Mr. Busby has testified before the United State Congress and has appeared on CNN, Fox News, and MSNBC
to discuss the changing economics and viability of Black-owned companies in America. A native of Oakland, California, Mr. Busby holds
a BA in Marketing and Economics from Florida A M and an MBA from Clark Atlanta University. He is also a member of Kappa Alpha Psi
Fraternity, Inc. We believe that Mr. Busby is well-qualified to serve as a director of our company due to his experiences founding, operating
and growing successful businesses, as well as his public policy expertise and his deep connections in the minority-owned business community. 

Patrick F. Linehan . Mr. Linehan
is a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Linehan has been a Partner at the internationally recognized law firm of Steptoe 
Johnson LLP since January 2013, where he represents individuals and corporations in both civil litigation and criminal investigations
matters. Mr. Linehan is also a member of the firm s Securities Enforcement, Antitrust/Competition, Government Contracts and Financial
Services practice groups. Mr. Linehan has been recognized as a Washington, DC Super Lawyer 2019-2021 (Criminal Defense:
White-Collar) and 2017-2018 (Securities Litigation), and Legal 500 US in 2016 (Litigation: White-Collar Criminal Defense). Mr. Linehan
holds a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center, an Ed.M. from Harvard University and a B.A. from Yale University. His bar memberships
include the District of Columbia and the State of New York. We believe that Mr. Linehan is well-qualified to serve as a director
of our company due to his long experience advising business entities regarding securities, regulatory and litigation matters. 

Julianne Malveaux, Ph.D. Dr. Malveaux
is a member of our Board of Directors. She is an internationally known author, public speaker, and thought leader on how race, gender,
and economics impact our country. Dr. Malveaux served as the president of Bennett College in North Carolina from June 2007
to May 2012, and during her distinguished academic career she has been faculty or visiting faculty at the New School for Social
Research, San Francisco State University, University of California Berkeley, College of Notre Dame (San Mateo, California), Michigan
State University and Howard University. Dr. Malveaux currently serves as a Senior Advisor at Cover Communications, a minority-owned
strategic communications and public affairs firm. As a senior advisor, Dr. Malveaux provides advice to CEOs and industry leaders
on how to achieve their talent acquisition and supplier/vendor relations diversity goals. She is also a prolific public speaker on issues
related to women and economics, and racial equity in public policy. Her community service work includes serving as the Honorary Co-Chair
of the Social Action Commission of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated and serving on the boards of the Economic Policy Institute,
a non-profit think tank that carries out economic research and analyzes the economic impact of policies and proposals, and The Recreation
Wish List Committee of Washington, DC. A native of San Francisco, California, Dr. Malveaux holds a Ph.D. in Economics from MIT and
a B.A. in Economics from Boston College, as well as honorary degrees from Benedict College, Sojourner-Douglass College and the University
of the District of Columbia. We believe that Dr. Malveaux is well-qualified to serve as a director of our company due to her background
in economics, her experiences as a thought leader regarding racial and gender equity in public policy, as well as the personal, professional
and academic connections that she has developed during her distinguished career. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We have five directors. Our board of directors
is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term
of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Shawn D. Rochester and Robin D. Watkins, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ronald D. Busby, Sr., Patrick F. Linehan and
Julianne Malveaux, Ph.D., will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders. 

69 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of
a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant
Secretaries, and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules
require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the
board of directors. Messrs. Busby and Linehan, and Dr. Malveaux, serve as members of our audit committee, with Mr. Linehan serving as
chair of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Busby and Linehan, and Dr. Malveaux, meet the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Linehan qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as
defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and
permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies
for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by
applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for
audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report,
at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing: (i) the independent registered public accounting
firm s internal quality-control procedures; (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review,
or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding
five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; and (iii) all
relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting
firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any
related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering
into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

70 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee
of the board of directors. Messrs. Busby and Linehan, and Dr. Malveaux, serve as members of our compensation committee, with Dr. Malveaux
serving as chair of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have
at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Busby and Linehan, and Dr. Malveaux,
is independent. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us,
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report
on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating, and
recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting, or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders,
officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation
of an initial business combination. 

Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or
receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee
though we would form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the
board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of
properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who participate
in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Busby and Linehan and Dr. Malveaux. In accordance with
Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have
a nominating committee charter in place. 

71 

The board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate
a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, or in
the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board
of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics is available under the Governance section of our website, www.meoaus.com .
We will also provide a copy of the Code of Ethics to stockholders upon request. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be
paid by us to our sponsor, officers, and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on
suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in
place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business
combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined
company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy
solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely
by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the
ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in
our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. As of the date of this report, it is anticipated that Shawn D. Rochester,
our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of our Board of Directors, will resign as an officer of our company but continue
to serve on the Board of Directors of our company following the consummation of the Business Combination, and that all of our other directors
and executive officers will resign from such positions effective upon the consummation of the Business Combination. We are not party
to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

72 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
 of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares
 of our common stock; 

all our executive officers and directors as a group; and 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our
 outstanding shares of common stock. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock, our Class B common stock, and our Class A common stock and Class B common stock
voting together as a single class. The percentage ownership of our common stock is based on 4,279,522 shares of our common stock outstanding as
of March 15, 2023, after giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,10 public shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, consisting
of 1,117,022 shares of our Class A common stock and 3,162,500 shares of our Class B common stock issued. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the warrants offered in our initial public offering or the private
placement warrants as such warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Class B Common Stock Beneficially Owned (2) 
 of Total 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Voting Power 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Shawn D. Rochester (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Robin D. Watkins (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ronald D. Busby, Sr. (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Patrick F. Linehan (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Julianne Malveaux (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (5
 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Five Percent Holders 

Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor,
 LLC(2)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 3,162,500 
 100 
 73.9 
 
 Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd.(5) 
 310,000 
 27.8 
 - 
 - 
 7.2 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address
 of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc., 100 Executive Court, Waxahachie,
 Texas 75165. 
 
 (2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, which are shares
 of our Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain
 adjustments. 
 
 (3) 
 Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor,
 is the record holder of the shares reported herein. The majority member of our sponsor is Sphere 3D Corp., an Ontario corporation.
 All decisions regarding the voting or disposition of the securities of our company that are held by our sponsor are exercised by
 the Board of Directors of Sphere 3D Corp., and not by any individual manager or member of our sponsor. 
 
 (4) 
 Does not include any shares held by our sponsor. This individual is
 a member of our sponsor but does not have voting or dispositive control over the shares held by our sponsor. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by Owl Creek
 Asset Management, L.P. (the Investment Manager and Jeffrey A. Altman with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 February 10, 2023. The Investment Manager is the investment manager of Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd. Master
 Fund ), and Jeffrey A. Altman is the managing member of the general partner of the Investment Manager. Each of the Investment
 Manager and Mr. Altman disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities of our company that are held by Master Fund for purposes
 of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent of his or its pecuniary interest therein, if any. The address for the foregoing
 is 640 Fifth Avenue, 20 th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 

73 

Our initial stockholders beneficially own approximately
73.9 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (excluding the shares of Class A common stock issued to the representative
of the underwriters upon the closing of our initial public offering). Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be
able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors,
amendments to our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval of our initial
business combination. 

The holders of the founder shares have agreed:
(A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination; and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or in connection with a tender offer. 

Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors
are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement
Warrants 

The founder shares, private placement warrants,
and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant
to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us entered into by our sponsor, officers and directors. Our initial stockholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination; or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange,
or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common
stock for cash, securities, or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. In addition, the lock-up provisions of the insider letter provide that
the founder shares and the private placement warrants, and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise
thereof are not transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. However, any such
securities may be transferred or sold: (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers
or directors, any members of our sponsor or Maxim, or any affiliates of our sponsor or Maxim; (b) in the case of an individual,
by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individual s
immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws
of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations
order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination at prices no
greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion
of our initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or the limited liability company agreement of our sponsor
or of Maxim Group LLC, upon dissolution of our sponsor and/or Maxim, as applicable; or (h) in the event of our liquidation, merger,
capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination;
provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written
agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement, and by the
same agreements entered into by our sponsor and/or Maxim with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the
trust account, and liquidation distributions). 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
warrants, the representative s shares and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration
rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement executed in
connection with our initial public offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration
demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back 
registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. However, the registration rights agreement
provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the
applicable lockup period. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

74 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

On April 21, 2021, we issued an aggregate of
2,875,000 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.009 per founder share.
In August 2021, we effected a stock dividend, resulting in our initial stockholder holding an aggregate of 3,162,500 founder shares.
The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding
shares upon completion of our initial public offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock issuable to the underwriters
upon the closing of our initial public offering). The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,395,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase
price of 5,395,000. In addition, Maxim, the representative of the underwriters, purchased an aggregate of 632,500 warrants at a price
of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 632,500. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants underlying
the units sold in our initial public offering except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor, the
underwriters or their permitted transferees: (i) will not be redeemable by us; (ii) may not (including the Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis; and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. The private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned, or sold by the holder
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

As more fully discussed below under 
Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls
within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor
his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and
directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Commencing on August 25, 2021, we agreed to pay
to an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon
completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Pursuant to an amendment
to this agreement, we and the applicable affiliate of our sponsor agreed that the 10,000 monthly payment shall, beginning with respect
to the monthly period that began on February 26, 2022, and continuing thereafter until the earlier of the consummation of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, accrue without interest thereon and be due and payable on the earlier of the consummation of
our initial business combination or our liquidation. On January 17, 2023, we further amended this agreement to provide that we would
pay to the applicable affiliate of our sponsor an amount equal to 100,000 to be applied against accrued payments under this agreement
plus up to an additional amount equal to 25,000 to be applied against any remaining accrued payments, with the balance to be applied
against future fees under this agreement. 

Unless disclosed herein, no compensation of any
kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the
amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such
persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Prior to the closing of our initial public offering,
we issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor, pursuant to which we were able to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of
 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due
at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering. Through August 30, 2021, we had drawn down 285,778
under the promissory note with our sponsor to pay for offering expenses. On September 3, 2021, in connection with the closing of our
initial public offering, we repaid the full 285,778 loan to our sponsor. 

75 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would
repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account, if any, to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in
the holders being issued warrants to purchase 1,500,000 shares if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender.
Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
As of the date of this report, our sponsor and/or its affiliates have provided working capital loans and/or extension loans to us in
the aggregate amount of 1,765,000, of all which remains outstanding as of the date of this report. Such loans do not bear interest and
are due upon the closing of our initial business combination. We have not sought, and do not expect to seek, loans from parties other
than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as
applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of
such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration rights agreement
with respect to the founder shares, representative s shares, private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion
of the founder shares, which is described under the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters-Registration Rights. 

On September 3, 2021, we entered into a letter
agreement with our sponsor pursuant to which our sponsor agreed to provide us with loans in such amounts as may be required by us to
fund our working capital requirements up to an aggregate of 500,000. Our sponsor has provided to us loans in the full amount set forth
in the letter agreement, which amount remains outstanding as of the date of this report. 

Related Party Policy 

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the
review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved
or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us
to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or
the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest
situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving
the company. 

In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to
a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions.
An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required
in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without
a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction.
We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits
information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

76 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or
directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which
is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be
made from the proceeds held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made and anticipated
 to be made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying,
 investigating and completing an initial business combination; 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate
 of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business
 combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to
 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender; and 

Payment of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
 and administrative support provided by an affiliate of our sponsor until the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Our initial stockholders, including our sponsor
and certain of our directors and officers, have agreed to offer all suitable business combination opportunities within our industry to
the Company before any other person or company until the consummation by the Company of a business combination, subject to any pre-existing
contractual or fiduciary obligations they may have. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to
refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our stockholders should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors
is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time
among various business activities. 

In the course of their other
business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for
presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our initial stockholders have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the
consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023.
If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement
warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants (and
the underlying securities) will expire worthless. Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder
shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination; or (ii) the
date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities, or other property. Any permitted transferees
will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. With certain
limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable,
assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may
have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our
initial business combination. 

77 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes
were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to
exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially
undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the
corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our
company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any
corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity
to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to
which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present a conflict of
interest: 

Name of Individual 
 
 Name of Affiliated
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Shawn D. Rochester 
 
 Good Steward LLC 
 
 Financial consulting and economic development advisory services 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Robin D. Watkins 
 
 United Way of the National Capital Area 
 
 Economic advocacy, and related programs and services 
 
 Acting Chief Financial Officer 

Ronald D. Busby, Sr. 
 
 U.S. Black Chambers, Inc. 
 
 Economic advocacy and advisory services 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Patrick F. Linehan 
 
 Steptoe Johnson LLP 
 
 Legal services 
 
 Partner 

Julianne Malveaux, Ph.D. 
 
 Cover Communications 
 
 Strategic communications and public affairs 
 
 Senior Advisor 

78 

Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers
or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he
or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such business combination opportunity to such other entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or with any of our officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of
FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

If we submit our initial business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder
shares and public shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open
market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the
future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary
damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability
or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. 

We have entered into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our certificate of incorporation.
Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or
her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and
officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment
in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the directors 
and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers
and directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Busby and Linehan and Dr. Malveaux are independent directors 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which
only independent directors are present. 

79 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The firm of Marcum LLP acts as our independent
registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

During the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022,
fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were 121,803 for the services they performed in connection with the audit
of our annual financial statements for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2021 and review of financial statements included in our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q filed during 2021, and during the fiscal period ended December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public
accounting firm were 156,303 for the services they performed in connection with our initial public offering. 

Audit-Related Fees 

During the fiscal periods ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance related services related to the performance of the
audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees 

During the fiscal periods ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

During the fiscal periods ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than
those set forth above. 

80 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

(a) The following documents are filed as a part
of this report: 

1. Financial Statements . See the Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 

2. Exhibits . See Item 15(b) below. 

(b) Exhibits . The exhibits listed on the
Exhibit Index, which appears at the end of this report, are filed as part of, or are incorporated by reference into, this report. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedule . See Item
15(a)(1) above. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

81 

MINORITY EQUALITY OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION
INC. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February
18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, if the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating.
In addition, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds
to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as
a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 

March 27, 2023 

F- 2 

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statement. 

MINORITY EQUALITY OPPORTUNITIES
ACQUISITION INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses - noncurrent 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Working capital loans - related party 

Convertible promissory note - related party 

Due to Sponsor 

Other current liability - Advance from target 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at redemption value, and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (excluding 12,650,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

MINORITY EQUALITY OPPORTUNITIES
ACQUISITION INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from February 18, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income earned on cash held in trust account 

Capital gains on trust 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other income, net 

Income before benefit from income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statement. 

F- 4 

MINORITY EQUALITY OPPORTUNITIES
ACQUISITION INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 18, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of February 18, 2021 (inception) 

Class B common stock issued to Sponsor 

Issuance of shares to underwriter representative at fair value 

Proceeds received in excess of fair value of private warrants 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net Income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Interest redeemed 

Net Income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MINORITY EQUALITY OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from February 18, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation costs paid by related party 

Allocation of offering costs to warrant expense 

Interest income earned 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current liability Advance from target 

Due to sponsor 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of costs 

Proceeds from private placement warrants 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party 

Proceeds from advance from target for extension notes 

Payment of promissory note to related party 

Redemption of common stock 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash Beginning of the period 

Cash End of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid by promissory note related party 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B common stock 

Deferred underwriting fee charged temporary equity 

Initial warrant liability 

Initial value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MINORITY
EQUALITY OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units
(the Units , and with respect to the Class A common stock included in the units, the public shares ), which
included the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units, at per
Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor and to Maxim Partners LLC, generating gross proceeds to the
Company of , which is described in Note 4. A total of Private Placement Warrants were issued to the Sponsor
and a total of Private Placement Warrants were issued to Maxim Partners LLC. 

shares of Class A common stock to Maxim Group LLC Maxim ), the representative of
the underwriters, which is deemed compensation by FINRA and therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following
the commencement of sales of the IPO (the representative s common stock ). Additionally, Maxim has agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any such shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, Maxim has agreed (i) to waive its
redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive
its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial
Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, of
other offering costs, and of the fair value of the representative s common stock. Of the aggregate
transaction costs, was allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account and may only be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its franchise
and income tax obligations (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the IPO and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (a) the completion of the initial
Business Combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s
certificate of incorporation: (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public
shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (ii) with respect to any other
material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity; and (c) the redemption of the public
shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, subject to applicable law. 

public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares, as
a result of which redemptions approximately million, representing approximately of the assets held in the trust account prior
to such redemptions, was removed from the trust account, leaving approximately million remaining in the trust account. 

F- 7 

million to fund the three
month extension. The Company will have until May 30, 2023 to complete the initial
Business Combination. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as amended in connection with the Extension Meeting, in order
to extend the time available for the Company to consummate its initial Business Combination during the six-month period from November
30, 2022 until May 30, 2023, the sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account, for each additional one-month
period, , on or prior to the date of the deadline with respect to such one -month extension period. The sponsor and its affiliates
or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial Business Combination.
The Company expects to close the proposed Business Combination with Digerati in the first quarter of 2023. 

per public share, and, as of March 20, 2023, and after giving effect to the redemption of 
public shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, the amount in the Trust Account is per public share. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination on or prior to
May 30, 2023; or (B) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the
Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business
Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023. 

F- 8 

in cash and working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs
up to December 31, 2022 were satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the founder shares
and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to (see Note 5) and from the IPO proceeds not held
in the trust account. On September 3, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to provide the Company with loans in such amounts as may be required by
the Company to fund the Company s working capital requirements up to an aggregate of (see Note 5). In addition,
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 4).
As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 9 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 10 

and of cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and no cash equivalents. 

and in cash held in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

Class A common stock is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section
of the Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at redemption value, December 31, 2021 

Common stock redeemed 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at redemption value, December 31, 2022 

F- 12 

, of which were allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. 

of the Company s Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted
income per share, since their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net income per common stock is the same
as basic net income per common stock. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic
and diluted net income per share for each class of common stock. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common stock

F- 13 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company was not exposed to significant risks on such
account. 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment
option to purchase an additional Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. 

F- 14 

after the completion
of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price
will be paid directly to the Company and not placed in the Trust Account. 

F- 15 

Private Placement Warrants
at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . An aggregate
of Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and an aggregate of Private Placement
Warrants were purchased by Maxim Partners LLC. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was added to
the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination on or prior to May 30, 2023,
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

of deferred offering costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for shares
of Common stock (the founder shares ). In August 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares
of Class B common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of founder shares, including up to of
the founder shares subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised.
All shares have been restated retroactively. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option
on August 30, 2021, none of the founder shares were subject to forfeiture any longer. 

F- 16 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest
bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021or the closing of the IPO. Through August 30, 2021, the Company had borrowed
 under the promissory note. On September 3, 2021, the Company repaid the promissory note balance of . 

. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the
Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the
initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to of such
loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity, at a price of per warrant
at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor and Maxim Partners
LLC. 

and , respectively, as part of the Working
Capital Loans. The promissory notes are non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination.
At the lender s discretion, the promissory notes may be repayable in warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price
of per warrant. At December 31, 2022, there was of borrowings. 

per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support services. Upon the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation
of the Company, the Company will cease paying such monthly fees. The Support Agreement was amended on May 16, 2022, at which time the
Company and Sphere agreed that, notwithstanding anything in the Support Agreement to the contrary, the monthly payment referenced in
clause (i) of the Support Agreement shall, beginning with respect to the monthly period that began on February 26, 2022 and ended on
March 25, 2022, and continuing thereafter until the earlier of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation
of the Company, accrue without interest thereon and be due and payable on the earlier of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
or the liquidation of the Company. The Support Agreement was further amended on January 17, 2023 to provide that the Company would pay
to Sphere an amount equal to to be applied against accrued payments under the Support Agreement plus up to an additional amount
equal to to be applied against any remaining accrued payments, with the balance to be applied against future fees under the Support
Agreement. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, which
included the exercise of the overallotment option, or , which is recorded as a Deferred underwriting fee and is held in the
Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 17 

shares of common stock (or shares if the
underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised in full) upon the consummation of the IPO. Upon closing of the IPO on August
30, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock, with a fair value of , to Maxim, the
representative of the underwriters, which is deemed compensation by FINRA and therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales of the IPO. Additionally, Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares
until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, Maxim has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with
respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination on
or prior to May 30, 2023. 

and would reimburse such advisors for their out-of-pocket costs and expenses. 

retainer payment to be paid within forty-five
(45) days following the amendment and to provide that if the proposed Business Combination with Digerati closes, the advisors shall be
entitled to an aggregate success fee upon the closing of the Business Combination equal to two percent of the transaction value of Digerati
up to million, with such success fee to be reduced by the aggregate amount of all payments to the advisors prior to the closing. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per
share. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par
value of per share. As at December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock outstanding, of
which are subject to possible redemption. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value
of per share. Holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022,
there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, after giving retroactive effect to the stock dividend
that the Company effected in August 2021, of which shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment option was not exercised in full. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment
option on August 30, 2021, none of the Class B shares are subject to forfeiture any longer. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the
completion of the IPO (not including the representative s common stock) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination or any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the
Sponsor, its affiliates, or certain of the Company s officers and directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans made to the
Company). 

F- 18 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants: Liabilities 

Private Placement Warrants: Liabilities 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants: Liabilities 

Private Placement Warrants: Liabilities 

Transfer of public warrants to Level 1 

Change in fair value 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Fair Value at December 31, 2022 

F- 19 

Expected term remaining (years) 

Expected volatility 

Stock price 

, and at August 30, 2021, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

. 

Fair value as of June 30, 2022 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 20 

Federal net operating loss 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and in U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, respectively, which do
not expire, and no state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

and , respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Meals and entertainment 

Transaction Costs 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 21 

Exhibit
Index 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc., MEOA Merger Sub, Inc. and Digerati Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 6, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A common stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4) (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, among the Company and its officers, its directors and its sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 21, 2021, issued to Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, among the Company, Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, and Maxim Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021)) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated April 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, between the Company and Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, between the Company and Maxim Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, between the Company and Sphere 3D Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 

82 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated May 16, 2022, to Administrative Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 16, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory Note in the aggregate principal amount of 1,265,000 issued by the Company to Sphere 3D Corp. on August 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 2, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Transaction Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022). 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page herein). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# 
 Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory arrangement. 

Filed
 herewith. 

83 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized: 

MINORITY
 EQUALITY 
OPPORTUNITIES ACQUISITION INC. 

Date:
 March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Shawn D. Rochester 

Shawn
 D. Rochester 

Chief
 Executive Officer and 
Chairman of the Board 

KNOW
ALL THESE PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Shawn D. Rochester and Robin
D. Watkins and each of them, jointly and severally, his attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact
or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
Shawn D. Rochester 

Shawn
 D. Rochester 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 27, 2023 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Robin D. Watkins 

Robin
 D. Watkins 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 27, 2023 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Ronald D. Busby, Sr. 

Ronald
 D. Busby, Sr. 
 
 Member
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 27, 2023 

/s/
 Patrick F. Linehan 

Patrick
 F. Linehan 
 
 Member
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 27, 2023 

/s/
 Julianne Malveaux 

Julianne
 Malveaux 
 
 Member
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 27, 2023 

84 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_minority.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Minority
Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. we, our, us or the company has the following
three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
(i) its units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant; (ii) Class A common stock, par value 0.0001
per share (the Class A common stock or public shares ); and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable
for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. In addition, this Description of Securities also references
the company s Class B common shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B common stock or founder shares ),
which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A common stock. The description of
the Class B common stock is included to assist in the description of the Class A common stock. Unless the context otherwise requires,
references to our sponsor are to Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC and references to our initial
stockholders are to our sponsor, as they held our founder shares prior to our initial public offering. 

Description of Capital Stock 

The following description of our capital stock
is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (our certificate of incorporation ), and our bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation,
our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL for additional information. 

Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 

Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation,
our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, and 1,000,000
shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. 

Units 

Each unit had an offering price of 10.00 and
consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant, subject to adjustment as discussed below. The Class A common
stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on October 18, 2021. Following the commencement of separate trading, holders
now have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders need to have their brokers
contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. 

Common Stock 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class
B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law. Unless
specified in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange
rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on
by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with
only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with
the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our certificate of incorporation authorizes
the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending
on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are
authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination, to the extent we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes
of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may
not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus
we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us
to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting
an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise
and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in
the trust account was initially approximately 10.15 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike
many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations
and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is
not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC, and file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC prior to completing our initial business
combination. Our certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other
information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however,
a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy
rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only
if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such
meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a
majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. 

However, the participation of our sponsor, officers,
directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business
combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than
10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to
approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may
make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other
person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in this
offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of
their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the
Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer
a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in
open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

2 

If we seek stockholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their
founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated
transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, after giving effect to the redemption of 11,691,103 public shares
in connection with the meeting of our stockholders held on November 29, 2022, following which redemptions our sponsor held approximately
74 of our issued and outstanding voting shares, we would not need any of our public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination in order for such business combination to be approved by our stockholders. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect
to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described
in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation,
as amended, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter subject to
lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination on or prior
to May 30, 2023. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to
their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical to the shares
of Class A common stock, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that: (i) the founder
shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed: (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (B) to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment
to our certificate of incorporation: (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within such time period; (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically
convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or at any time prior thereto at the option
of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein; and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we
submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant
to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein.
In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued and related to the
closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common
stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares
of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement-equivalent securities issued to our
sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). 

3 

We cannot determine at this time whether a majority
of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio.
They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our
initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii) negotiation
with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment is not
waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage
ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of
holders of both classes of our common stock. Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock
into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. The term equity-linked
securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common
stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement
of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable
upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination; or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which
results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any
founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per
share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will no longer be subject to
such transfer restrictions. 

Preferred Stock 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting
rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional, or other special rights and any qualifications,
limitations, and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder
approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders
of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder
approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management.
We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock,
we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

While we have no current plans to issue preferred
stock, circumstances in which we might issue preferred stock in the future could include, among others, offerings of preferred stock undertaken
for capital raising purposes (whether before or in connection with our initial business combination or thereafter), issuances in connection
with acquisitions we might make in the future, or issuances in connection with potential change of control or strategic transactions involving
us. Any determination by us to issue shares of preferred stock in the future will be dependent on the facts and circumstances at the time. 

Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on
the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 pm., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares
of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed
to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions
in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

4 

We have not registered the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts: to file with the SEC a registration
statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to
become effective, and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are
redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of
our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any
period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is
at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect,
we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our reasonable best efforts
to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption (other than the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending 3 business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption
criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled
to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00
redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) as well as
the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. 
In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider,
among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing
the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of
this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing: (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below);
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common
stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate
the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value 
in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive
effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of
the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage
of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash
or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant
holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

5 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing
in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common
stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding shares of Class A
common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common
stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class
A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class
A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a
price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product
of: (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities
sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock); and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of:
(x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering, divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes:
(i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable
for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount
payable upon exercise or conversion; and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported
during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade
on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common
stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible),
other than: (a) as described above; (b) certain ordinary cash dividends; (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class
A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination; (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class
A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation: (1) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination on or prior to May
30, 2023; or (2) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity;
or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the
warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the
fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares of our Class
A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease
in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares of Class A common
stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of
which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares
of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation
or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding
shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property
of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby,
the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders
of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for
trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or
quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days
following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based
on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide
additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant
to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

6 

The warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The description of the warrants
set forth herein is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the
warrant agreement, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part.
The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or
correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make
any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive
shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be
entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

In addition, if: (x) we issue additional shares
of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without
taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or its affiliates, prior to such issuance); (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial
business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions); and (z) the Market Value
is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law,
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies
to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts
of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants (including the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30
days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor and the underwriter of our initial public offering) and they will not be redeemable
by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, the underwriter of our initial public offering or their permitted transferees. Our sponsor,
the underwriter of our initial public offering or their permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants
on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of
the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor, the underwriter of our initial public offering or their
permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the
warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. 

7 

If holders of the private placement warrants elect
to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below)
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common
stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the
warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by
the sponsor, the underwriter of our initial public offering or their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether
they will be affiliated with us following an initial business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our
securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our
securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities,
an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public
stockholders who could sell the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the insiders
could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless
basis is appropriate. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private
placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private
placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

In addition, holders of our private placement warrants are entitled
to certain registration rights. 

The holders of the private placement warrants
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination (except, among other
limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our common stock and the
warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and
employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for
any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

8 

Our Certificate of Incorporation 

Our certificate of incorporation contains certain
requirements and restrictions that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended
without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially owned approximately
20 of our common stock upon the completion of our initial public offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock that were
issued to the underwriters upon completion of our initial public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation
and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things,
that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than 10 business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from the trust account; or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the our Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our certificate of incorporation: (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination on or prior to May 30, 2023; or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre- business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our certificate of incorporation
provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of the underwriters 
fees and commissions. 

9 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate
of incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging
in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes
a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
our board of directors is classified into two classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our
board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred
stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our certificate of incorporation requires, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for
breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action:
(A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within 10
days following such determination); (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery;
or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder
bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this
provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court
may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition,
our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district
courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

10 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director
nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received
by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th 
day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary
date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion
in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to
the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our
annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Subsequent to the consummation of the offering,
any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of
such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into two classes,
Class I and Class II, with members of each class serving staggered 2-year terms. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized
number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all
of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority
of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors,
may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares of Class B common stock
remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common
stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our certificate of incorporation, whether
by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative,
participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting
of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents
in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less
than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B
common stock were present and voted. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares (and any shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares), private placement warrants (and any shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon conversion of the private placement warrants), the shares that were issued to the underwriter of our initial public
offering as compensation for services rendered in connection with such offering, and securities that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans (and any securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares,
only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require
us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these holders
may not exercise their demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years after the effective date of the
registration statement for our initial public offering and may not exercise their demand rights on more than one occasion. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under
the symbols MEOAU, MEOA and MEOAW, respectively. 

11 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_minority.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Shawn D. Rochester, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Minority
Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Shawn D. Rochester 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 Shawn D. Rochester 

CEO and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided
to Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. and will be retained by Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_minority.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Robin D. Watkins, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Minority
Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Robin D. Watkins 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 Robin D. Watkins 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided to Minority Equality
Opportunities Acquisition Inc. and will be retained by Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_minority.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C.
ss.1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. (the Company ), hereby
certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Shawn D. Rochester 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 Shawn D. Rochester 

CEO and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided to Minority Equality
Opportunities Acquisition Inc. and will be retained by Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_minority.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Written Statement of the Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C.
ss.1350, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. (the Company ), hereby
certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Robin
 D. Watkins 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 Robin D. Watkins 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided
to Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. and will be retained by Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 meoa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 meoa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 meoa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 meoa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 meoa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

