<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_101984_0000101984-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13155107</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>320928</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2427657</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4312652</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3168443</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2697121</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000101984-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308171702
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000101984-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000101984
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD AUDIO & VIDEO EQUIPMENT [3651]
		IRS NUMBER:				330204817
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21044
		FILM NUMBER:		23717072

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15147 N SCOTTSDALE RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE H300
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-530-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15147 N SCOTTSDALE RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE H300
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85254

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000101984-23-000012.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 ueic-20221231.htm
 10-K

ueic-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 _______________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company " in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was based upon the closing sale price of the Company's common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market for that date. 
 On March 3, 2023, shares of Common Stock, par value .01 per share, of the registrant were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 
 Number 
 Page 
 Number 
 PART I 1 Business 
 3 
 1A Risk Factors 
 12 
 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 2 Properties 
 27 
 3 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 6 [Reserved] 
 29 
 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 
 9A Controls and Procedures 
 76 
 9B Other Information 
 78 
 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 78 
 PART III 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 
 11 Executive Compensation 
 78 
 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 
 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 
 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 
 PART IV 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 
 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 82 
 Signatures 
 83 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Universal Electronics Inc. ("UEI") was incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1986 and began operations in 1987. The principal executive offices are located at 15147 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite H300, Scottsdale, Arizona 85254. As used herein, the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to UEI and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates to the contrary. 
 
 Additional information regarding UEI may be obtained at www.uei.com. Our website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink and the information available at our website address is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make our periodic and current reports, together with amendments to these reports, available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 Our business is comprised of one reportable segment. 
 
 Sales 
 
 We design, develop, manufacture, ship and support control and sensor technology solutions and a broad line of universal control systems, audio-video ("AV") accessories, wireless security and smart home products that are used by the world's leading brands in the video services, consumer electronics, climate control, security, safety, home automation and home appliance markets. Our product and technology offerings include: 
 
 easy-to-use, voice-enabled, automatically-programmed universal remote controls with two-way radio frequency ("RF") as well as infrared ("IR"), sold primarily to video service providers (cable, satellite, Internet Protocol television ("IPTV") and Over the Top ("OTT") services), original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"), retailers, and private label customers; 
 integrated circuits ("ICs"), on which our software and universal device control database is embedded, sold primarily to OEMs, video service providers, and private label customers; 
 wall-mount and handheld thermostat controllers and connected accessories for smart energy management systems, primarily to OEM customers, as well as hotels and hospitality system integrators; 
 proprietary and standards-based RF sensors designed for residential security, safety and home automation applications; 
 AV accessories sold, directly and indirectly, to consumers including universal remote controls, television wall mounts and stands and digital television antennas; 
 software, firmware and technology solutions that can enable devices such as TVs, set-top boxes, audio systems, smart speakers, game consoles and other consumer electronic and smart home devices to wirelessly connect and interact with home networks and interactive services to control and deliver home entertainment, smart home services and device or system information; 
 cloud-services that support our embedded software and hardware solutions (directly or indirectly) enabling real-time device identification and system control; 
 intellectual property that we license primarily to OEMs and video service providers; and 
 embedded and cloud-enabled software for reliable firmware update and digital rights management validation services to major consumer electronics brands. 
 
 Our sales channel strategy is to partner with customers who are leaders in their respective industries: in consumer electronics, we count Samsung Electronics Co., Sony Group Corporation and LG Electronics as long-term accounts that represent a significant share of their industry; in video services, Comcast Corporation, Liberty Global and Vodafone Group rank amongst the largest video service providers in their respective markets; in climate control, Daikin Industries Ltd., is the market share leader in the global HVAC industry; and in security, safety and home automation, Vivint Smart Home, Somfy SA, Ring LLC and Hunter Douglas NV are channel leaders in their respective connected home markets. 
 
 Distribution methods for our control solutions vary depending on the sales channel. We distribute remote control devices, ICs, home security sensors, connected thermostats and AV accessories directly to video and security service providers and OEMs, both domestically and internationally. We also distribute home security sensors and connected thermostats to pro-security installers and hospitality system integrators in the United States and Europe through a network of national and regional distributors and dealers. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we sell our wireless control devices and AV accessories under the One For All , Ecolink and private label brand names to retailers through our international subsidiaries and direct to retailers in key markets, such as in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, and Italy. We utilize third-party distributors for the retail channel in countries where we do not have subsidiaries. 
 
 Our goal is to provide universal control solutions that require minimal or no user set-up and deliver consistent and intuitive one-touch control of all connected content sources and devices. QuickSet ("QuickSet") is a software application that may be embedded in any entertainment or smart home device, set-top box, or other host device, or delivered as a cloud-based service, through Quickset Cloud, to enable universal device setup and control. QuickSet and QuickSet Cloud utilize data transmitted over HDMI, low power RF (such as Bluetooth or Zigbee), and Internet Protocol ("IP") networks to automatically detect various attributes of connected devices and download the appropriate control codes and functions to enable user access and control without the need for the user to enter any specific device information. With QuickSet and QuickSet Cloud, consumers can switch easily between activities and reliably view their chosen device or content with a single touch. A QuickSet and QuickSet Cloud user experience can be delivered via a tactile remote, touchscreen interface, on-screen graphical user interface or voice-enabled system. 
 
 QuickSet and QuickSet Cloud are integral components of major TV and TV operator systems and are the primary solutions for easy discovery, setup and control of entertainment and smart home devices. Today, QuickSet smart home services are the technology behind the Home Dashboard of LG TVs and provide a complete and simplified system control experience for households. The platform has continuously expanded with new capabilities including enhanced communication protocols, such as Matter, IP, Zigbee 3.0, Zigbee RF4CE, Consumer Electronics Control ("CEC") and infrared. Licensees of QuickSet and/or QuickSet Cloud include service providers such as Comcast Corporation, Charter Communications, TiVo, DIRECTV and DISH Network Corporation; smart TV manufacturers such as Sony Group Corporation, LG Electronics and Samsung Electronics Co.; leading game console manufacturer Sony on its PlayStation 5 remote control; and has grown to include HVAC and emerging home automation customers. 
 
 UEI s QuickSet Widgets provide fully managed Internet of Things ("IoT") capability to non-connected electronic devices for fast time-to-market and enable digital transformation of end-user interaction. It is expanding to include native support of Matter across the QuickSet Widget family with Virtual Agent-assisted easy onboarding. This will enable products powered by the QuickSet Widget including the UEI TIDE family of Smart Thermostats to be Matter-capable. 
 
 UEI TIDE, a white label smart thermostat platform designed for HVAC OEMs as well as hospitality-branded applications, offers native cloud connectivity, features our latest device management and lifecycle support services which simplify setup and control and allows interoperability with a variety of smart home devices and ecosystems. The smart thermostat line includes all the necessary connectivity technologies to address the evolving smart home, including seamless connection to the cloud over Wi-Fi plus local device connectivity via Bluetooth Smart, Zigbee and Infrared, including support for Matter, the industry's latest smart home connectivity standard. 
 
 With our commitment to create environmentally-sustainable solutions that do not compromise but enhance product performance, we introduced the UEI Eterna line of voice-enabled control solutions which are designed with our new generation of Extreme Low-Power System-on-Chip and energy harvesting technologies to deliver increased processing capability while using significantly less power compared to prior generations. The energy-harvesting version of the remotes feature our "Battery-4-Life" technology that relies on collecting energy from the environment's ambient light and radio frequencies to deliver a remote-control solution that is designed to require no battery replacement over the useful life of the product. 
 
 UEI Virtual Agent, an innovative self-service support solution, simplifies device onboarding by allowing customers to seamlessly hand-off the set-up process from a large screen (SmartTV) to a smaller one (mobile phone). With QuickSet integration, UEI Virtual Agent provides automated steps for onboarding, feature discovery and troubleshooting capabilities and is available both as a web-based application and a TV app for integration into existing infrastructures. UEI Virtual Agent, when bundled with our newest set of UEI NetReady services for remote diagnostics and customer support, will further enhance the support experience for products already deployed in the home. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our sales to Comcast Corporation accounted for 14.5 , 16.3 and 20.1 of our net sales, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our sales to Daikin Industries Ltd. accounted for 14.4 and 11.8 of our net sales, respectively. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Markets and Competition 
 
 We continue to place significant emphasis on expanding our sales and marketing efforts to video service providers and home entertainment OEMs in Asia, Latin America and Europe. In the markets for video services we include cable, satellite, IPTV and OTT service providers. In recent years, we have seen a significant change in our markets with the rise of the direct-to-consumer streaming video apps that are enabled on smart TVs and streaming devices as well as advanced set-top boxes. This has resulted in a change in mix in our customer base, especially in the U.S., where our traditional customers in cable and satellite have been complimented with new customers in the digital media streaming domain. Today our portfolio includes universal control products compatible with Apple's tvOS and Google's AndroidTV platforms designed for the Multichannel Video Programming Distributor ("MVPD") market allowing subscribers access to subscription-based channels through hybrid and OTT streaming platforms. 
 
 Additionally, some of our current customers have successfully introduced media streaming services and expanded their footprint to new end-users. Tivo Stream, Comcast's Flex, Sky Glass and DISH Sling are examples of current customer offerings of these types of services. 
 
 At the same time, we have seen our markets in Home Entertainment OEM, and especially our SmartTV OEMs, successfully upgrade to streaming service aggregators. The advanced TV interfaces on Smart TVs and related streaming devices offer platforms for personalized advertising and smart home services which is expected to ensure demand for our wireless and wired control products, microcontrollers and software technology. 
 
 Our principal competitors in the home entertainment market are Remote Solutions, Home Control International, SMK, Ohsung, Tech4Home and Ruwido. In the international retail and private label markets for wireless controls we compete primarily with a variety of accessory trading and branding companies like Jasco and Hama, as well as various manufacturers of wireless controls in Asia. Our primary competitors in the OEM market are the OEMs themselves and various wireless control manufacturers in Asia. 
 
 Leveraging our scale and expertise in low-power RF microcontrollers, we continue to pursue further penetration of our traditional OEM consumer electronics markets as well as newer product categories in the smart home and IoT markets such as HVAC, lighting, window coverings and bathroom controllers. Customers in these markets integrate our connectivity and cloud-based solutions, services and technology into their products to enhance their consumer lifestyle ecosystems. Growth in these markets has been driven by the increasing demand for more energy efficient homes, consumer convenience and the increasing proliferation of connected devices. 
 
 In home security, safety and automation, we offer universal sub-gigahertz products that are compatible with the top security panel manufacturers, such as Honeywell, GE, Tyco/DSC and 2GIG. In the Do-It-Yourself ("DIY") residential security channel, we offer sensor-based products using industry standard Z-Wave and ZigBee protocols. In this market, we compete with offshore-based, original design and built-to-print hardware manufacturers, such as Leedarson. In the connected smart home market, we compete with the OEMs themselves as well as wireless manufacturers in North America, such as Nice, and other original design manufacturers in Asia. 
 
 In the HVAC controller and thermostat market, we compete with regional specialists and global companies such as Honeywell, Johnson Controls, Emerson, Schneider Electric, as well as Far East based OEM manufacturers such as Computime. 
 
 We compete in our markets on the basis of product quality, enhanced features, intellectual property, local design and development expertise, local development support and end-user support. We believe that we will need to continue to introduce new and innovative products and software solutions to remain competitive and to recruit and retain competent personnel to successfully accomplish our future objectives. 
 
 Our 26 domestic and international subsidiaries are the following: 
 
 C.G. Development Ltd., established in Hong Kong; 
 CG Mexico Distribution Co., S. de R.L. de C.V., established in Mexico; 
 CG Mexico Remote Controls, S. de R.L. de C.V., established in Mexico; 
 Ecolink Intelligent Technology, Inc.; established under the laws of Delaware; 
 Enson Assets Ltd., established in the British Virgin Islands; 
 Gemstar Polyfirst Ltd., established in Hong Kong; 
 Gemstar Technology (Qinzhou) Co. Ltd., established in the People's Republic of China ("PRC"); 
 Gemstar Technology (Yangzhou) Co. Ltd., established in the PRC; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Guangzhou Universal Electronics Service Co., Ltd., established in the PRC; 
 One For All France S.A.S., established in France; 
 One For All GmbH, established in Germany; 
 One For All Iberia S.L., established in Spain; 
 One For All UK Ltd., established in the United Kingdom; 
 Qinzhou Universal Trading Co. Ltd., established in the PRC; 
 UE Japan Ltd., established in Japan; 
 UE Korea Ltd., established in South Korea; 
 UE Singapore Pte. Ltd., established in Singapore; 
 UE Vietnam Company Limited, established in Vietnam; 
 UEI Electronics Pte. Ltd., established in India; 
 UEI Hong Kong Pte. Ltd., established in Hong Kong; 
 Universal Electronics B.V., established in the Netherlands; 
 Universal Electronics Italia S.R.L., established in Italy; 
 Universal Electronics Trading Co., Ltd., established in the PRC; 
 Universal Electronics Yangzhou Co. Ltd., established in the PRC; 
 Universal Electronics do Brasil Ltda., established in Brazil; and 
 Yangzhou Universal Trading Co. Ltd., established in the PRC. 
 
 Resources 
 
 Engineering 
 
 During 2022, our engineering efforts focused on the following: 
 
 broadening our product portfolio; 
 launching new embedded software solutions designed to simplify set-up and control features; 
 modifying existing products and technologies to improve features, lower costs and to ensure minimal supply chain disruption; 
 maintaining existing products and relocating certain manufacturing to lower cost jurisdictions; 
 developing sustainable products that reduce energy use and eliminate waste; 
 formulating measures to protect our proprietary technology and general know-how; 
 improving our control solutions software; 
 updating our library of device codes to include codes for new features and devices introduced worldwide; 
 creating innovative products that address consumer challenges in home entertainment control and security sensing; and 
 optimizing, scaling and improving our cloud platform to deliver additional features and managed services to a large installed base of customer and end users. 
 
 During 2022, our advanced engineering efforts focused on further developing our existing products, services and technologies. We released software updates to our embedded QuickSet application, and continued development initiatives around existing and emerging technologies, such as Rf4CE, Bluetooth, Bluetooth Smart WiFi and Matter, a unifying, IP-based connectivity protocol built on proven technologies designed to connect smart home devices reliably and securely across disparate IoT ecosystems. We continue to enhance the capabilities of our service platform (UEI Virtual Agent) for easier device onboarding, identification and troubleshooting across our portfolio of control products. 
 
 As a contributor to the Matter specification, we were an active participant in several working groups and Plugfest events to help bring the full interoperability potential of the Matter standard to market in 2022. Our knowledge of what Matter can (and cannot) deliver has culminated in our introduction of four Matter-certified and capable solutions including QuickSet, QuickSet Widget, Nevo Butler and UEI TIDE Dial, which were introduced in January 2023 at the International Consumer Electronics Show. 
 
 In general, our technical staff are involved in various industry organizations and bodies, which are in the process of setting standards for IR and RF communication and networking in the home. Our participation ensures comprehensive understanding of the technical specifications being developed that can affect the deployment and proliferation of future standards and technologies in the home. 
 
 Because of the nature of research and development ("R D") activities, there can be no assurance that any of our R D projects will be successfully completed or ultimately achieve commercial success. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property and Technology 
 
 A key factor in creating products and software for control of entertainment and smart home devices is our proprietary device knowledge. Each year our device control library continues to grow across AV and smart home platforms, supporting many common smart home protocols, including IR, HDMI-CEC, Bluetooth and its variants, Zigbee (Rf4CE), Z-Wave, Thread, Matter and IP networks. 
 
 We have developed a broad portfolio of patented technologies and the industry's leading database of device setup and control software. We ship integrated circuits, on which our software and control code libraries are embedded and that connect to our cloud services, directly to manufacturers for inclusion in their products. In addition, we license our software and technology to manufacturers. 
 
 Our technology also includes other remote controlled home entertainment devices and home automation control modules, as well as wired CEC and wireless IP control protocols commonly found on many of the latest HDMI and internet connected devices. Our proprietary software automatically detects, identifies and enables the appropriate control commands for many home entertainment and automation devices in the home. Our libraries are continuously updated with device control codes used in newly introduced AV and IoT devices. These control codes are captured directly from original control devices or from the manufacturers' written specifications to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the library. 
 
 Smart devices are becoming a more prevalent part of the home entertainment experience, and we offer several solutions to enable entertainment device control via smart phones, tablets, smart TVs, smart speakers or digital assistants. In our smart device control solutions, we offer the elements needed for device control ranging from IR and RF controller chips to IP-device control libraries to graphical and voice user interfaces, as well as artificial intelligence systems that deliver context aware device interactions. 
 
 We hold and apply for patents in the United States and abroad related to our remote control, home security, safety, climate control, and automation technologies. Our patents have remaining lives ranging from one to 18 years. We have also obtained copyright registration and claim copyright protection for certain proprietary software and libraries of our device control codes. Additionally, the names of many of our products are registered, or are being registered, as trademarks in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in most of the other countries in which such products are sold. These registrations are valid for terms ranging up to 20 years and may be renewed as long as the trademarks continue to be used and are deemed by management to be important to our operations. While we follow the practice of obtaining patent, copyright and trademark registrations on new developments whenever advisable, in certain cases we have elected common law trade secret protection in lieu of obtaining such other protection. 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 
 We currently operate vertically integrated manufacturing and assembly factories in the PRC, Mexico and Brazil, which allows us to produce in the regional markets and to scale our production to meet growing demand. We also use selected third-party manufacturers and suppliers in Asia. 
 
 Our long-term factory planning strategy is to de-risk our reliance on a PRC-based supply chain by (1) reducing our manufacturing concentration in the PRC, (2) pursuing lower cost jurisdictions for manufacturing to help ensure market competitive products and (3) offering customers a flexible and globally diverse manufacturing footprint to provide a reliable and cost-efficient supply chain. To this end, in 2022, we leased factory space in Vietnam and expect to commence manufacturing operations in 2023, pending approval of local government permits and licenses. Construction is complete on the facility, with equipment installed. We are beginning to hire key members of the staff to train in anticipation of commencing manufacturing operations, and while the opening of this factory may result in manufacturing inefficiencies, we are evaluating our manufacturing footprint with the expectation that once the Vietnam factory is operating efficiently, we will reduce our manufacturing capacity, most likely, by shutting down an existing facility. We are analyzing various scenarios, each contingent on the success of the new Vietnam factory, and have yet to conclude on a specific plan. 
 
 Even though we operate three factories in the PRC, manufacturing and assembly plants in Mexico and Brazil, respectively, and plan to open a manufacturing facility in Vietnam in 2023, we continue to evaluate additional third-party manufacturers and sources of supply. During 2022, we utilized multiple third-party manufacturers and maintained duplicate tooling for certain of our products. Where possible, we utilize standard parts and components, which are available from multiple sources. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

We are a large consumer of integrated circuits, including low-power, RF chips and modules that are used throughout our product portfolios. We continually seek additional sources to reduce our dependence on our integrated circuit suppliers. To further manage our integrated system on a chip supplier dependence, we include microcontroller technology which incorporates non-volatile, reprogrammable flash memory in most of our products. Flash memory-based microcontrollers have shorter lead times than microcontrollers using other memory technologies and may be reprogrammed. This allows us flexibility to use a given component on many different products, has the added benefit of potentially reducing excess and obsolete inventory exposure and allows us to update our product functionality in the field. This diversification lessens our dependence on any one supplier and allows us to negotiate more favorable terms. Our largest integrated circuit supplier, Qorvo International Pte Ltd., provided 11.5 , 11.8 and 14.2 of our total inventory purchases in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Our manufacturing process consists of plastic injection molding, keypad molding, coating or painting, surface mount technology, assembly, software installation, functional testing, packaging, and quality control. We conduct operations utilizing a formal, documented quality management system to ensure that our products and services satisfy customer needs and expectations. Our manufacturing facilities are certified to the ISO 9001:2015 International Standard for quality management. Testing and quality control are applied to components, parts, sub-assemblies and systems obtained from third-party suppliers. Our manufacturing facilities in Mexico and in Yangzhou, PRC are also certified to the TL 9000 Standard, which is the telecom industry's unique extension to ISO 9001:2015. Our manufacturing facilities are certified to the ISO 14001:2015 International Standard for environmental management systems. In addition, our manufacturing facilities in Yangzhou, PRC have also achieved ISO 45001 International Standard for safety and health management systems. Our facilities located in Yangzhou, PRC and Monterrey, Mexico have successfully completed the Validated Audit Process ("VAP") with the Responsible Business Alliance ("RBA"), the world's largest industry coalition dedicated to responsible business conduct in global supply chains, with both factories achieving Silver Status from the RBA. 
 
 We are focused on reducing the environmental impact of our operations. We are evaluating the use of renewable energy and our teams continue to examine practices and processes throughout our facilities to identify opportunities for greater efficiency. Each of our manufacturing facilities has standing policies and targets for the monitoring and management of waste generation and energy consumption, and is focused on reducing electricity consumption, water usage and greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
 We are in our second year of membership with the RBA. We joined as an "affiliate" member in 2021 and were elevated to "regular" membership in 2022. We embrace and support the vision, mission, and goals of the RBA. This is outlined further in our website: https://www.uei.com/corporate-responsibilities. Through the RBA program, we have access to a range of RBA training and assessment tools to support continual improvement in our social, environmental and ethical responsibilities of our supply chains. We follow the RBA guidelines for supplier risk assessments process by requiring our suppliers of raw materials and components to complete the full RBA self-assessment questionnaire ("SAQ") and to conduct an on-site VAP audit for 50 of any identified high-risk major suppliers. In addition to observance of quality standards from our suppliers, we maintain and request our suppliers to adhere to our Global Supplier Code of Conduct and Fair Competition Policy ("Supplier Code of Conduct"), which is available on our website and is an essential part of our supply chain management. 
 
 Further, our Supplier Code of Conduct sets forth our global expectations that we have in the areas of fair dealing, legal compliance, business integrity, labor practices, health and safety, and environmental management. In particular, we require our suppliers to respect basic human rights and to not engage in any involuntary or forced labor and to fully comply with all laws and regulations pertaining to the appropriate and dignified treatment of all workers. In addition, we adhere to, and require suppliers to adhere to the RBA Code of Conduct, which among other things prohibits the use of forced labor in any manner. To better enforce a zero-tolerance of forced labor, we provide training to our employees to identify signs of forced labor and other unlawful labor practices and how to report it directly to management or use our global ethics "whistleblower" line. 
 
 Government Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 
 Many of our products are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws governing chemical substances in products, including laws regulating the manufacturing and distribution of chemical substances and laws restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products. We may incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party damages, or personal injury claims, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with environmental laws. We also face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and future requirements relating to the material composition of our products. 
 
 We may also face significant costs and liabilities in connection with product take-back legislation. The European Union's Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ("WEEE") Directive makes producers of electrical goods financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of past and future covered products. Our European subsidiaries are WEEE compliant. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

We believe that we have materially complied with all currently existing international and domestic federal, state and local statutes and regulations regarding environmental standards and occupational safety and health matters to which we are subject. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the costs incurred in complying with federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations pertaining to environmental standards and occupational safety and health laws and regulations did not materially affect our earnings, financial condition or competitive position. In addition, during the same period, the costs incurred in complying with other applicable government regulations likewise did not materially affect our earnings, financial condition or competitive position. However, due to the heightened awareness of corporate environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters and evolving laws and regulations or enforcement policies, increases in compliance costs may have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings or financial condition. 
 
 Our operations, supply chain and products are expected to become increasingly subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and international treaties relating to climate change, such as climate disclosure, carbon pricing or product energy efficiency requirements. We strive to continually improve the energy and carbon efficiency of our operations, supply chain and product portfolio and deliver more cost-effective and lower carbon technology solutions to our customers. We believe that technology will be fundamental to finding solutions to achieve compliance with and manage those requirements. 
 
 We are committed to reducing and eliminating substances of concern from our products and manufacturing process. Our products distributed in the European Union are compliant with the RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive 2011/65/EU and 2015/863/EU) and REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals) directives. In other regions, we also need to comply with our customers' specific requirements relating to the non-use of certain hazardous substances in the products, which are typically equally or more stringent than the RoHS directive. We have a dedicated "Green Team," based in the PRC and comprised of engineers and environmental regulation experts, that analyze our products, processes, and raw materials to help ensure that we comply with environmental and government regulations worldwide, as well as the applicable "Green" requirements imposed by our customers. Additionally, we have in-house testing capability to help ensure product compliance. In response to and to comply with certain National Standards published by the Chinese government, our Green Team has been working proactively for the identification and reduction of volatile organic compounds ("VOCs") within our supply chain. We place great importance on the compliance with local health and safety laws and regulations. At our manufacturing facilities, we are also committed to protecting our workers from exposure to hazardous substances under an established health and safety management system: As an example, we have replaced VOC emitting inks and paints with reduced-VOC paints at our PRC facilities. 
 
 We strive to extend the useful life of our products and reduce our products' impact on the environment. We have invested in R D to improve the energy efficiency of our battery-operated products: For example, we deploy a low energy IR-engine in some of our products, which can extend battery life regardless of the protocols utilized by the product. We have introduced our control platform and related technologies that address the growing demand for sustainable products that reduce energy use and eliminate waste. With this platform, we partnered with technology leaders and invested in bringing ultra-low power connectivity chips with built-in energy harvesting and photovoltaic cells to the market. These chips offer more computing power while consuming substantially less battery power. In addition, to reduce energy consumption even further, we are actively working on solutions powered by low-light solar cells for the entertainment remote control and IoT markets. 
 
 We also offer a product refurbishment program to our customers where we reclaim, refurbish and recycle pre-owned remote controls. Under this program, major components in pre-owned remote control units are reused or recycled; for example, the printed circuit board assemblies ("PCBA") are cleaned, tested and reused, or plastics are reground to be reused. We have also employed new master carton packing methods to increase shipping efficiency and reduce cardboard usage. Some of our manufacturing facilities are switching to the use of recycled solder. To further reduce collateral waste, we have introduced an initiative to reduce and/or remove single use plastics ("SUP") from our supply chain and manufacturing process for certain customer programs. 
 
 In the nations where we have operations or otherwise conduct business, we are also subject to tariffs, import/export controls, and other trade-related laws and limitations. These limits, regulations, and tariffs, especially those pertaining to or affecting relations between the United States and the PRC, might significantly disrupt our business, affecting our capacity to manufacture, source components and sell goods. 
 
 Government regulations are subject to change; therefore, we are unable to predict the impact of complying with potential future requirements or whether doing so will materially affect our operations, financial situation, or business. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 4,658 members of staff across our worldwide facilities. Of this staff, 3,383 are associated with our manufacturing and supply chain organizations in the PRC, Mexico and Brazil. Beyond the manufacturing and supply chain organizations, 844 of staff work in engineering and R D, 130 in sales, marketing, consumer service and support and 301 in executive and administrative functions. 
 
 Additionally, in the PRC, as is standard practice, we work with third-party agencies who have recruited and provided us with workers to support our production activities. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, these third-party agencies have been required to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct, which among other things, prohibits the use of forced labor and sets forth requirements on fair dealing, legal compliance, business integrity, labor practices, health and safety and environmental management. 
 
 We provide and maintain a work environment that is designed to attract, develop and retain top talent through offering our employees an engaging work experience that contributes to their career development. We recognize that our success is based on the collective talents and dedication of those we employ. Talent management is critical to our ability to execute our long-term growth strategy, and we utilize both internal human resource personnel and external recruiting firms to identify and attract such talent. Through our history of technological innovation, we appreciate the importance of retention, growth and development of our employees. We regularly collect feedback from employees to better understand and improve their experiences and identify opportunities to continually strengthen our culture. Due to the nature of our activities, we tend to heavily invest in engineering capital, employing highly skilled and specialized engineers and technicians in the areas of electronics, RF design, software, cloud, mechanical, industrial design, manufacturing and quality disciplines. 
 
 Our staff is located around the globe at different office and development locations. Our R D locations are as follows: 
 
 advanced engineering, architecture and cloud teams are located in Santa Ana, California, and Scottsdale, Arizona; 
 cloud architecture, software and service teams are located in Santa Ana and San Mateo, California; 
 sensor engineering and R D teams are located in Carlsbad, California; 
 connected thermostat engineering and R D teams are located in Poway, California; 
 hardware engineering teams are located in Panyu and Suzhou in the PRC; 
 software, firmware and device database teams are located in Bangalore, India; and 
 a software services team focused on support software solutions is located in Plymouth, Minnesota. 
 
 Next to these specialized centers of excellence, we employ engineering, sales and marketing and support staff in many of our regional offices in the United States, The Netherlands, Hong Kong, PRC, Brazil, India, Japan, Korea and Mexico. 
 
 We are committed to an inclusive culture that values equality, opportunity, and respect. We have an employee Code of Conduct and a Supplier Code of Conduct that our employees and suppliers, respectively, must adhere to, both of which cover diversity, inclusion, anti-discrimination and corporate social responsibility. The respect for human rights is a core tenet both within our organization and when working with our suppliers, and our employees are encouraged to notify the Company if they notice or suspect any violation of our employee Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct or the law. We have a confidential ethics hotline to enable our employees to report any suspected violations of applicable laws or policies. 
 
 Labor unions represent approximately 29.0 of our 4,658 employees as of December 31, 2022. Some of these unionized workers are employed in Monterrey, Mexico, and are represented under contract with the Sindicato Industrial de Trabajadores de Nuevo Le n adherido a la Federaci n Nacional de Sindicatos Independientes. Unionized workers, employed in Manaus, Brazil, are represented under contract with the Sindicato dos Trabalhadores nas Industrias Metalugicas, Mecanicas e de Materiais Eletricos de Manaus. Our business units are subject to various laws and regulations relating to their relationships with their employees. These laws and regulations are specific to the location of each business unit. We believe that our relationships with employees and their representative organizations are good. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, our business has been influenced by the retail sales cycle, with increased sales in the second half of the year. We expect this pattern to be repeated during 2023. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers on March 8, 2023: 
 
 Name Age Position Paul D. Arling 60 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Bryan M. Hackworth 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ramzi S. Ammari 57 Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Strategy David Chong 61 Executive Vice President, Asia Richard A. Firehammer, Jr. 65 Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Head of Global Compliance, and Secretary Menno V. Koopmans 47 Senior Vice President, Global Sales Richard K. Carnifax 36 Senior Vice President, Global Operations 
 
 Paul D. Arling is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He joined us in May 1996 as Chief Financial Officer and was named to our Board of Directors in August 1996. He was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer in September 1998, was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in October 2000 and appointed as Chairman in July 2001. At the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Mr. Arling was re-elected as our Chairman to serve until the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. From 1993 through May 1996, he served in various capacities at LESCO, Inc. (a manufacturer and distributor of professional turf care products). Prior to LESCO, he worked for Imperial Wallcoverings (a manufacturer and distributor of wall covering products) as Director of Planning and The Michael Allen Company (a strategic management consulting company) where he was employed as a management consultant. Mr. Arling received his Bachelor of Science and Master of Business Administration from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 
 
 Bryan M. Hackworth is our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in August 2006. Mr. Hackworth joined us in June 2004 as Corporate Controller and subsequently assumed the role of Chief Accounting Officer in May 2005. Before joining us in 2004, he spent five years at Mars, Inc., a privately held international manufacturer and distributor of consumer products and served in several financial and strategic roles. Prior to joining Mars, Inc., Mr. Hackworth spent six years at Deloitte Touche LLP as an auditor, specializing in the manufacturing and retail industries. Mr. Hackworth is a certified public accountant (inactive) in the state of California and holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from University of California, Irvine. 
 
 Ramzi S. Ammari is our Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Strategy. He joined us in June 1997 as a Project Manager and has held various positions of increasing responsibility within our organization until being named to his current position in October 2013. He has global responsibility for the Company's technology innovation roadmap; driving new product initiatives; directing and implementing strategic partnerships, joint ventures and acquisitions; and recommending new avenues for business creation. Prior to joining us, Mr. Ammari worked at Mitsubishi Consumer Electronics of America for four years as Business Planning Manager where he was responsible for introducing the first flat-screen plasma display panel television for the North America market. He received his Bachelor of Science, Engineering degree in 1989 and, subsequently, a Master of Business Administration from University of California, Irvine in 1993. 
 
 David Chong is our Executive Vice President, Asia. He is responsible for managing sales in our Asian markets. He was previously responsible for the general management of our Asia region. Mr. Chong joined us in January 2009 as Senior Vice President of Global OEM Sales. Prior to joining us, Mr. Chong served as Senior Vice President at Philips Consumer Electronics Division and as the Chief Marketing Officer of the business group Philips Display (Philips TV and computer monitor business). At Philips Display, he led the re-engineering of the Product Creation, Marketing and Sales Organization to compete successfully in the LCD TV space. Prior to this, he also served as Vice President and General Manager of the Audio Video Business in Asia, Vice President and Global Business Line Manager for Audio and various senior management positions at Philips' CE Division. Mr. Chong started at Philips Research Lab in 1984 as a research scientist working in the area of VLSI design methodologies. He also served as Managing Director for Asia at InVue Security Product before joining us. Mr. Chong had his senior education in The United Kingdom, holding a Bachelor of Science in Electrical and Electronics Engineering with High Honors from University of Nottingham. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Richard A. Firehammer, Jr., Esq. is our Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Head of Global Compliance, and Secretary. He joined us in October 1993 as General Counsel. He became our Secretary in February 1994. He was our Vice President from May 1997 until August 1998, and served as counsel to us from September 1998 until February 1999, at which time he was promoted to Senior Vice President. In January 2022, in addition to his duties as General Counsel and Secretary, he took on the added responsibilities as Head of Global Compliance. From November 1992 to September 1993, he was associated with the Chicago, Illinois law firm, Shefsky Froelich, Ltd. From 1987 to 1992, he was with the law firm Vedder, Price, Kaufman Kammholz in Chicago, Illinois. He received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Indiana University and a Juris Doctor degree from Whittier College School of Law. Mr. Firehammer is also a certified public accountant (inactive). 
 
 Menno V. Koopmans is our Senior Vice President, Global Sales. He served as Managing Director, EMEA from 2018 to August 2019 when he was promoted to his current position. From 2014 to the end of 2017, he was our Senior Vice President for subscription broadcasting business in Europe and India where he led the customer transition into smart remote controls. From 2005 until 2013, he was the head of our worldwide consumer business and our One For All brand. Prior to joining us, Mr. Koopmans worked at Mars, Sony Europe and Royal Philips Electronics in different product, marketing and sales management roles in both fast-moving consumer goods and durable consumer goods categories. Mr. Koopmans received his Master in Science of Business Administration from Erasmus University in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. 
 
 Richard K. Carnifax is our Senior Vice President, Global Operations. He joined us in May 2020 as Vice President, Global Supply Chain and in July 2022, he was promoted to Vice President, Operations. In February 2023, he was promoted to his current position, Senior Vice President, Global Operations. Prior to joining us, from March 2019 until May 2020, Mr. Carnifax was the Chief Operating Officer at Cast Nylons, a privately held manufacturer and distributor of cast nylon stock shapes and custom cast parts and was Vice President, Operations at Cast Nylons from November 2017 until March 2019. From November 2015 until September 2017, he held various operational roles at Air Enterprises, a privately held manufacturer of specialty air handling equipment. Prior to joining Air Enterprises, Mr. Carnifax spent four years scheduling and planning materials for Howden, a provider of high-quality air and gas handling products and services to the power, oil and gas, mining and petrochemical industries. Mr. Carnifax holds a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and a Master of Arts in International Relations/Business from the University of Akron. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 We make forward-looking statements in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations, which follow under the headings "Business", "Liquidity and Capital Resources", and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "plans", "estimates" or similar expressions. Any number of risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties we describe below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. We therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 We are subject to various risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, or financial condition which make an investment in our securities risky. You should understand that these risks could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. In addition, these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other Company communications, including those we file from time to time with the SEC. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. Because there is no way to determine in advance whether, or to what extent, any present uncertainty will ultimately impact our business, you should give equal weight to each of the following: 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Economic Conditions and Global Events 
 
 General economic factors beyond our control could adversely affect our business and results of operations. These factors include, but are not limited to, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, wage pressures, geo-political matters and conflicts, rising inflation and potential economic slowdown or recession, as well as increases in costs including fuel and energy costs, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and other matters that influence consumer spending and preferences. Additionally, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia has escalated tensions among the United States, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") and Russia. Such invasion, ongoing military conflict, resulting sanctions and related countermeasures by NATO states, the United States and other countries could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, and supply chain interruptions. 
 
 Global markets continued to face threats and uncertain economic and financial market conditions that may also adversely affect the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other business partners. Any significant decrease in customers' purchases of our products or our inability to collect accounts receivable resulting from an adverse impact of the global markets on customers' financial condition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, disruptions in financial markets could reduce our access to debt capital markets, negatively affecting our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 Risks Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences, including related measures to curtail its spread, have and will continue to impact our business, operations, and financial results. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, operations, and financial results, including the duration and magnitude of such effects, will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the duration and scope of the COVID-19 pandemic (including the location and extent of resurgences of the virus, particularly in light of new variants, and the availability of effective treatments or vaccines); and the negative impact the COVID-19 pandemic has on global and regional economies and economic activity, including the duration and magnitude of its impact on unemployment rates and consumer discretionary spending. Because the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including any new variants, are uncertain, rapidly changing, and difficult to predict, the pandemic's impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as its impact on our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and initiatives, remains uncertain. 
 
 We anticipate that the global health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to negatively impact business activity across the globe, and as such, we expect our sales demand to be negatively impacted into, at least, the first half of 2023 given the global reach and economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the various governmentally imposed lockdowns, quarantine and social distancing measures put in place to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. A future suspension of our manufacturing operations would impact our ability to meet customer demand and could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. COVID-19 also continues to impact the global supply chain causing disruptions to service providers, logistics and the flow and availability of supplies and products. Our manufacturing sites, as well as our suppliers and outsourcing partners, and our supply chain have been adversely affected and may continue to be adversely impacted as a result of restrictions and logistics and operational challenges. These disruptions have resulted in and may continue to result in supply shortages and delays impacting market conditions and business operations across all industries worldwide, including our own. As a result, we may experience further disruptions to our manufacturing operations, supply chain and/or distribution channels in the future, and these disruptions may be prolonged. 
 
 We remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years and we continue to actively monitor the potential impact on our operations and may take further actions altering our business operations as necessary or as required by international, federal, state, or local authorities. 
 
 Risks Relating to Operations 
 
 Cybersecurity Issues: Security Breaches, Failure to Maintain the Integrity of and Protect Internal or Customer Data May Result in Faulty Business Decisions, Operational Inefficiencies, Damage to our Reputation and/or Subject Us to Costs, Fines, or Lawsuits 
 Our business requires collection, processing, and retention of large volumes of internal and sensitive and confidential customer data, including personally identifiable information of our customers in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract, including in areas such as customer product servicing, human resources outsourcing, website hosting, and various forms of electronic communications. We and third parties who provide services to us also maintain personally identifiable information about our employees. The integrity and protection of that customer, employee, and company data, including proprietary information, is critical to us. If that data is inaccurate or 
 13 

Table of Contents 

incomplete, we may make faulty decisions. Our customers and employees also have a high expectation that we and our service providers will adequately protect their personal information. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of the retailers, dealers, licensees and other third-party suppliers and vendors with which we do business, may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyberattacks, acts of vandalism or misconduct, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer, employee, supplier or Company information, whether caused by us, an unknown third party, or the retailers, dealers, licensees or other third-party suppliers and vendors with which we do business, could result in losses, severely damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As cybersecurity threats evolve in sophistication and become more prevalent worldwide, we continue to increase our sensitivity and attention to these threats, seek additional investments and resources to address these threats and enhance the security of our facilities and systems and strengthen our controls and procedures to monitor, protect against and mitigate these threats. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business. Compliance with these requirements, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), China's newly enacted Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL") and other domestic and international regulations, could result in additional costs and changes to our business practices. 
 
 Moreover, we rely heavily on computer systems to manage and operate our business, record and process transactions, and manage, support and communicate with our employees, customers, suppliers and other vendors. Computer systems are important to production planning, finance, company operations and customer service, among other business-critical processes. Despite our efforts to prevent disruptions to our computer systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption from, among other causes, power outages, system failures, computer viruses and other intrusions, including cyberattacks. Computer hardware and storage equipment that is integral to efficient operations, such as email, telephone and other functionality, is concentrated in certain physical locations in the various continents in which we operate. We rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors, and our business may be adversely affected by service disruptions in or security breaches to such systems. Remote work and remote access to our systems has increased, which also increases the risk of cybersecurity attacks on our systems surface. In addition, there has been a global increase in cyberattack volume, frequency, and sophistication driven by the global enablement of remote workforces. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. We continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems (including through upgrades to our security and information technology systems), providing training for all employees (with more enhanced or frequent training based on role or responsibility), assessing the continued appropriateness of relevant insurance coverage and strengthening our controls and procedures to monitor, mitigate and respond appropriately to these threats. We carry cyber insurance, and while we have not incurred any material losses due to any failure of or disruptions to our systems, or from any breaches of or attacks, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 
 Proprietary Technologies 
 We produce highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including hardware, firmware, and software. Firmware and software may contain bugs that may unexpectedly interfere with product operation. There can be no assurance that our testing programs will detect all defects in individual products or defects that may affect numerous shipments. The presence of defects may harm customer satisfaction, reduce sales opportunities, or increase warranty claims and/or returns. An inability to cure or repair such a defect may result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal of a product or market, damage to our reputation, increased inventory costs, or product re-engineering expenses, any of which may have a material impact on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Technology Changes in Control and Sensing 
 We currently derive substantial revenue from the sale of remote controls, sensors and home automation products based on IR and RF and other technologies. Other control technologies exist or may be developed that may compete with our technology. In addition, we develop and maintain our own database of IR and RF codes. There are other IR and RF libraries offered by companies that we compete with in the marketplace. In addition, if competing control and sensing technology and products gain acceptance and start to be integrated into home electronics devices and home security and automation products, demand for our products may decrease, resulting in decreased operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our Technology Development Activities May Experience Delays 
 We may experience technical, financial, resource or other difficulties or delays related to the further development of our technologies. Delays may have adverse financial effects and may allow competitors to gain an advantage over us in the 
 14 

Table of Contents 

marketplace or in the standards setting arena. There can be no assurance that we will continue to have adequate staffing or that our development efforts will ultimately be successful. Moreover, certain of our technologies have not been fully tested in commercial use, and it is possible that they may not perform as expected. In such cases, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected, and our ability to secure new licensees and other business opportunities may be diminished. 
 
 Dependence upon New Product Introduction 
 Our ability to remain competitive in the video services, consumer electronics, security, home automation, climate control and home appliance markets will depend considerably upon our ability to successfully identify new product opportunities, as well as develop and introduce these products and enhancements on a timely and cost effective basis. There can be no assurance that we will be successful at developing and marketing new products or enhancing our existing products, or that these new or enhanced products will achieve consumer acceptance and, if achieved, will sustain that acceptance. In addition, there can be no assurance that products developed by others will not render our products non-competitive or obsolete or that we will be able to obtain or maintain the rights to use proprietary technologies developed by others which are incorporated in our products. Any failure to anticipate or respond adequately to technological developments and customer requirements, or any significant delays in product development or introduction, may have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Moreover, the introduction of new products may require significant expenditures for R D, tooling, manufacturing processes, inventory and marketing. In order to achieve high-volume production of any new product, we may have to make substantial investments in inventory and expand our production capabilities. We cannot be certain that we will recover the costs we incurred in developing new products, investing in inventory, expanding our production capabilities, or that those new products will be successful. 
 
 Dependence on Consumer Preference 
 We are susceptible to fluctuations in our business based upon consumer demand for our products. We cannot guarantee that increases in demand for our products associated with increases in the deployment of new technology will continue. We believe that our success depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to fluctuations in consumer preferences. However, it is impossible to predict with complete accuracy the occurrence and effect of fluctuations in consumer demand over a product's life cycle. Moreover, any growth in revenues that we achieve may be transitory and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 
 
 Dependence on Major Customers 
 The economic strength and weakness of our worldwide customers affect our performance. We sell our products, accessory products, and proprietary technologies to video service providers, OEMs, retailers and private label customers. We also supply our products, accessory products, and technologies to our wholly owned, non-U.S. subsidiaries and to independent foreign distributors, who in turn distribute our products worldwide. While we generally have a broad and varied customer base, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Comcast Corporation accounted for sales totaling more than 10 of our net sales. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Daikin Industries Ltd. also accounted for sales totaling more than 10 of our net sales. In addition to these customers, we have some customers that, individually or through their subsidiaries or affiliated partners, purchase a large amount of products from us. Although our broad distribution channels help to minimize the impact of the loss of any one customer, the loss of any of these large individual customers, or our inability to maintain order volume with these customers, may have an adverse effect on our sales, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Demand for Consumer Service and Support 
 We provide consumer service and support to our retail customers to add overall value and to help differentiate us from our competitors. Certain of our products have more features than others and therefore require more end-user technical support, which may increase our support costs and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. We continually review our service and support group and are marketing our expertise in this area to other potential retail customers. 
 
 Manufacturing Risks 
 We operate factories in the PRC, Brazil and Mexico and expect to commence manufacturing operations in a new factory in Vietnam in the first half of 2023. We are currently evaluating our manufacturing footprint with the expectation that once the Vietnam factory is operating efficiently, we will reduce our manufacturing capacity, most likely, by shutting down an existing facility. If this were to occur, we would record an impairment charge and severance expense in amounts that are not presently calculable, yet could be material. In addition, we utilize third-party manufacturers located in Asia to manufacture a portion of our products. We believe that the loss of any one or more of these third-party manufacturers would not have a long-term material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows, because numerous other manufacturers are 
 15 

Table of Contents 

available to fulfill our requirements; however, the loss of any of our major third-party manufacturers may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows until alternative manufacturing arrangements are secured. 
 
 Use of Third-Party Employment Agencies 
 We utilize the services of third-party employment or labor agencies to provide us with staff to support our production activities. While we require these agencies to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct, which among other things prohibits forced labor in any manner and requires them to treat all employees with respect and dignity, use of these third-party agencies has come under worldwide scrutiny. In October 2021, Reuters published an article indicating that individuals from China's Uyghur minority, originally resident in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China ("XUAR"), were working in a factory operated by our Chinese subsidiary, Gemstar Technology (Qinzhou) Co. Ltd. ("Gemstar"). The article alleged that the presence of these workers in our factory was indicative of "a transfer program described by some rights groups as forced labor." These workers were employed, managed by and provided to Gemstar by a third-party employment agency. As a result of this article, we commissioned two separate audits. Both audits confirmed that there were no indicia of forced labor or any other violations of human rights and that Gemstar compensated these individuals for their work at the same rates as workers of other ethnicities who had comparable skills and roles and at a level that was above the local minimum wage. Although our review did not identify any instances in which individuals were obliged or in any other way forced to work at the Gemstar factory or were paid less than their promised wage, Gemstar terminated its relationship with that agency, ended its arrangement with these workers, and paid all outstanding wages and severance directly and individually to each of the workers in question. 
 
 Shortly after publication of the Reuters article, three U.S. Senators heading the U.S. Senate Foreign Affairs Committee (the "Committee") jointly wrote to us seeking information regarding these workers and the terms of their work at our Gemstar factory. We cooperated fully with the Committee's inquiry and provided the Committee with timely and complete responses to all of its questions. 
 
 Nonetheless, the perception that we or an entity affiliated with us might have had associations with a program described by some as involving forced labor could result in reputational damage as well as lost revenue. To date, as a result of this perception, one customer has put further business with us on hold. Should additional customers cease doing business with us, the loss of revenue could become material, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Legislation Pertaining to Forced Labor 
 On December 23, 2021, President Biden signed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (the "UFLPA") which took effect on June 21, 2022. The UFLPA creates a rebuttable presumption that all goods produced or manufactured, even partially, in XUAR, were made with forced labor and, therefore, would not be allowed entry at U.S. ports. Importers will be required to present clear and convincing evidence that goods from the XUAR are not made with forced labor. Under the law, U.S. Customs and Border Protection is tasked with developing targeting and enforcement strategies, the details of which are yet to be finalized. The UFLPA also builds on prior legislation, such as 2020's Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act (the "UHRPA") by expanding the UHRPA's authorization of sanctions to cover foreign individuals responsible for human rights abuses related to forced labor. While we do not source product from the XUAR and have increased actions to ensure our entire supply chain is free of any products made with forced labor, there is nonetheless a risk, particularly in light of prior media allegations about Gemstar, that our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by the UFLPA, the UHRPA and related regulatory requirements and enforcement activity. 
 
 The U.S. government has also recently expanded regulatory and enforcement activity related to a long-existing ban on U.S. importation of products produced with forced labor. Section 307 of the U.S. Tariff Act of 1930, as amended ("Section 307") prohibits U.S. importation of goods that are produced or manufactured, wholly or in part, in any non-U.S. country by forced or indentured labor. While we do not believe we or any of our affiliates have used forced labor, and Gemstar has terminated its relationship with the third-party labor agency, ended its arrangement with these workers in question, and paid all outstanding wages and severance directly and individually to each of these workers, we cannot guarantee that the relevant U.S. authorities will not decide that forced labor exists or existed in the manufacturing of our products or in our supply chain and, pursuant to Section 307, prohibit or otherwise penalize U.S. imports of certain of our products, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if any new legislation or regulatory action that imposes additional restrictions or requirements on importation with respect to alleged use of forced labor were to be enacted in the United States or in other regions where we do business, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Dependence upon Key Suppliers 
 We continue to operate in a supply-constrained environment, and we are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and their ability to deliver sufficient quantities of key components and products at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet schedules 
 16 

Table of Contents 

for the delivery of our products and services. Most of the components used in our products are available from multiple sources. However, we purchase integrated circuits ("ICs") used in products, from a small number of key suppliers. To reduce our dependence on our IC suppliers we continually seek additional sources. We maintain inventories of our ICs, which may be used in part to mitigate, but not eliminate, delays resulting from supply interruptions. Further, we have identified alternative sources of supply for our ICs, component parts, and finished goods; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to obtain these inventory purchases on a timely basis or in the quantities we need. Any extended interruption, shortage or termination in the supply of any of the components used in our products, or a reduction in their quality or reliability, or a significant increase in prices of components, would have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 From time to time, we may obtain components from a single source due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. New products that we introduce may utilize custom components obtained initially from only one source until we have determined whether there is a need for additional suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier could delay production of some products as replacement suppliers may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. For some components, alternative sources may not exist or may be unable to produce the quantities necessary to satisfy our requirements. The loss of, deterioration of our relationship with, or limits in allocation by, a single-source supplier, could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 Difficulty in Ordering Integrated Circuits and Increases in Commodities and Freight Costs Have Adversely Affected and Will Continue to Adversely Affect Our Business. 
 We continue experiencing difficulty in ordering ICs for future use and that difficulty is expected to continue. While we have identified other sources of ICs and are taking other production and inventory control steps in order to mitigate the effects caused by this shortage, we cannot guarantee that the alternative sources will meet our short- and longer-term IC needs and/or without experiencing increases in the prices we pay for these components. If we are not able to purchase sufficient quantities of ICs from our current and alternative suppliers, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of products to meet our customers' demands. This, in turn, may affect our ability to meet our quarterly revenue targets and otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, many of our products are paired with certain of our customers' products, like set-top boxes and televisions. If those customers are not able to obtain sufficient quantities of ICs for their products, their demand for our products may decrease. Also, we are continuing to experience increases in commodities and freight costs which have and may continue to adversely affect our margins. At the same time, in order to secure components for our products or services, we have and may continue to make advance payments to suppliers and/or enter into non-cancelable commitments with suppliers. We have and may continue to strategically purchase ICs and other key components in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing or to address concerns about future availability. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly or if customer changes its demand significantly, a temporary "oversupply" could result in excess or obsolete components. 
 
 Transportation Costs and Impact of Oil Prices 
 We ship products from our factories and foreign manufacturers via ocean and air transport. It is sometimes difficult to forecast swings in demand or delays in production and, as a result, products may be shipped via air which is more costly than ocean shipments. We typically cannot recover the increased cost of air freight from our customers. Additionally, tariffs and other export fees may be incurred to ship products from foreign manufacturers to the customer. These increases in costs and tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our product margins. We also have an exposure to oil prices in two forms. The first is in the prices of oil-based materials in our products, which are primarily the plastics and other components that we include in our finished products. The second is in the cost of delivery and freight, which would be passed on by the carriers that we use in the form of higher rates. Rising oil prices may have an adverse effect on cost of sales and operating expenses, and Russia's invasion of Ukraine may continue to create uncertainty in oil prices. 
 
 Disruptions Caused by Labor Disputes or Organized Labor Activities Could Materially Harm our Business and Reputation 
 Currently, approximately 1,400 of our Brazil and Mexico employees are represented by labor unions. Disputes with the current labor unions or new union organizing activities could lead to production slowdowns or stoppages and make it difficult for us to meet scheduled delivery times for product shipments to some of our customers, which could result in a loss of business and material damage to our reputation. In addition, union activity and compliance with international labor standards could result in higher labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Leased Property 
 We lease all of the properties used in our business. We can give no assurance that we will enter into new or renewal leases, or that, if entered into, the new lease terms will be similar to the existing terms or that the terms of any such new or renewal leases will not have a significant and material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 Competition within the industries we serve is based primarily on product availability, price, speed of delivery, ability to tailor specific solutions to customer needs, quality, and depth of product lines. Our competition is fragmented across our products, and, accordingly, we do not compete with any one company across all product lines. We compete with a variety of entities, some of which have greater financial resources. Other competitors are smaller and may be able to offer more specialized products. Our ability to remain competitive in this industry depends in part on our ability to successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and introduce new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis, as well as our ability to successfully identify and enter into strategic alliances with entities doing business within the industries we serve. Competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow resulting from decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and selling our products. There can be no assurance that our product offerings will be, and/or will remain, competitive or that strategic alliances, if any, will achieve the type, extent, and amount of success or business that we expect them to achieve. The sales of our products and technology may not occur or grow in the manner we expect, and thus we may not recoup costs incurred in the R D as quickly as we expect, if at all. Some customers may elect to engage a second source to manufacture the same product, and there is no guarantee that these customers will maintain the volume that was initially allocated to us throughout the product life cycle. 
 
 The home security and automation industry is highly fragmented and subject to significant competition and pricing pressures. In particular, the monitored security industry providers have highly recognized brands which may drive increased awareness of their security/automation offerings rather than ours, have access to greater capital and resources than us, and may spend significantly more on advertising, marketing and promotional activities which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to drive awareness and demand for our products and services. In addition, video service providers have expanded into the monitored security industry and are bundling their existing offerings with monitored security services. We also face competition from DIY companies that are increasingly providing products which enable customers to self-monitor and control their environments without third-party involvement. Further, DIY providers may also offer professional monitoring with the purchase of their systems and equipment or new IoT devices and services with automated features and capabilities that may be appealing to customers. Continued pricing pressure, improvements in technology and shifts in customer preferences towards self-monitoring or DIY could adversely impact our customer base and/or pricing structure and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Change in Competition and Pricing 
 Even with having our own factories, we will continue to rely on third-party manufacturers to build a portion of our products. Price is always an issue in winning and retaining business. If customers become increasingly price sensitive, new competition may arise from manufacturers who decide to go into direct competition with us or from current competitors who perform their own manufacturing. If such a trend develops, we may experience downward pressure on our pricing or lose sales, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Strategic Business Transactions 
 We have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in industries adjacent to our core business and will likely acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy. The success of future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. In the event we do not successfully integrate such future acquisitions into our existing operations so as to realize the expected return on our investment, our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Recruitment and Retention of Talent and Key Employees 
 In order to be successful, we must attract, hire, retain, train, motivate, and develop qualified executives, engineers, technical staff and other key employees. Identifying, developing internally or hiring externally, training and retaining qualified executives, engineers and qualified sales representatives are critical to our future, and competition for experienced employees in the technology industry can be intense as employees' expectations of compensation, benefits and work flexibility continue to increase. Equity-based compensation can be important to attracting and retaining qualified employees and lack of positive performance in our stock price may adversely affect our ability to attract or retain key employees. In addition, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving in all regions, and we may not be able to manage changing workforce dynamics successfully. 
 
 Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC 
 
 Presently, we manufacture a majority of our products in our factories in the PRC. Additionally, many of our contract manufacturers are located in the PRC. In addition to the other risks identified herein, doing business in the PRC carries a number of risks including the following: 
 18 

Table of Contents 

The Fluctuation of the Chinese Yuan Renminbi May Adversely Impact Our Manufacturing Costs. 
 Under Chinese monetary policy, the Chinese Yuan Renminbi is permitted to fluctuate within a managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies and has resulted in increased volatility in the exchange rate of the Chinese Yuan Renminbi against the U.S. Dollar. Any significant appreciation of the Chinese Yuan Renminbi against the U.S. Dollar could lead to higher manufacturing costs for our products. 
 
 Availability of Adequate Workforce Levels 
 Presently, a portion of workers at our PRC factories are obtained from third-party employment agencies. As the labor laws, social insurance and wage levels continue to grow and the workers become more sophisticated, our costs to employ these and other workers in the PRC may grow beyond that anticipated by management. Some of our key customers have demanded that we reduce the percentage of workers sourced from third-party employment agencies, which may also lead to increased costs in recruitment, retention and compliance. While we have already experienced increases in labor rates in the PRC, as the PRC market continues to open up and grow, we may experience an increase in competition for the same workers, resulting in either an inability to attract and retain an adequate number of qualified workers or an increase in our employment costs to obtain and retain these workers. 
 
 Changes in the Policies of the PRC Government May Have a Significant Impact Upon the Business We Conduct in the PRC and the Profitability of Such Business . 
 Our business operations may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in the PRC. The government of the PRC has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy, through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, labor and social insurance, import and export tariffs, raw materials, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. 
 
 The PRC Laws and Regulations Governing Our Current Business Operations are Sometimes Vague and Uncertain. 
 There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including but not limited to the laws and regulations governing our business, or the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our business. If the relevant authorities find that we are in violation of PRC laws or regulations, they would have broad discretion in dealing with such a violation, including, without limitation: levying fines; revoking our business and other licenses; requiring that we restructure our ownership or operations; and requiring that we discontinue any portion or all of our business. 
 
 The PRC's Legal and Judicial System May Not Adequately Protect Our Business and Operations and the Rights of Foreign Investors. 
 The PRC legal and judicial system may negatively impact foreign investors, with inconsistent enforcement of existing laws. In addition, the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws and the preemption of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. 
 
 Risks Relating to Regulation and Legal 
 
 Certain Regulatory and Financial Risks Related to Climate Change 
 Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may become subject. A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions. The outcome of new legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, and fees or restrictions on certain activities. Compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us. Any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm us. We may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Ultimately, the impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks or transition risks are expected to be widespread and unpredictable and may materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Significant Developments From Potential Changes in U.S. Trade Policies Could Have a Material Adverse Effect On Us 
 The U.S. government implemented additional tariffs on certain goods imported from the PRC. We manufacture a substantial amount of our products in the PRC and are presently subject to these additional tariffs and will remain so until the tariff lists are altered. These tariffs, and other governmental action relating to international trade agreements or policies, may adversely impact 
 19 

Table of Contents 

demand for our products, our costs, customers, suppliers and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof and, as a result, adversely impact our business. These additional tariffs may cause us to increase prices to our customers which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices, result in lowering our margin on products sold. It remains unclear what the U.S. or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs, international trade agreements and policies on a short-term or long-term basis. We cannot predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impacts on our business. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the U.S. economy, which in turn could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of these tariffs and other governmental action, we moved production of many of our products destined for the U.S. to Mexico and a third-party manufacturing partner outside of the PRC. 
 
 Policy Changes Affecting International Trade Could Adversely Impact the Demand for Our Products and Our Competitive Position 
 Due to the international scope of our operations, changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment may affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business may benefit from free trade agreements. Efforts to withdraw from or substantially modify such agreements or the implementation of more restrictive trade policies such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers. 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties Associated with Our Expansion Into and Our Operations Outside of the United States May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations, Cash Flow, Liquidity or Financial Condition 
 Our international operations continue to grow, making up a significant part of our current business and future strategic plans. We presently operate factories in the PRC, Brazil and Mexico, engineering centers in India, Korea and Japan and rely on third-party manufacturers located in Asia. In addition, we expect to commence manufacturing operations in Vietnam in the first half of 2023. We are increasingly exposed to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the United States, which could reduce our revenues or profits, increase our costs, result in significant liabilities or sanctions, or otherwise disrupt our business. These challenges include: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and policies of governments that may impact our operations, such as foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, tariffs, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with U.S. and foreign laws that affect the activities of companies abroad, such as anti-corruption laws, competition laws, currency regulations, and laws affecting dealings with certain nations; (3) limitations on our ability to repatriate non-U.S. earnings in a tax effective manner; (4) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (5) uncertainties as to the enforceability of contract and intellectual property rights under local laws; (6) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, or the threat of international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation; and (7) currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 
 We are also exposed to risks relating to U.S. policy with respect to companies doing business in foreign jurisdictions, and as such we are subject to a variety of taxes in the U.S. (federal, state, and local) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. Such changes could come about as a result of economic, political, and other conditions. Our tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, and changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense and liabilities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations which make the ultimate tax determination uncertain. 
 
 We are also currently subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional tax liabilities against us. Developments in an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical tax accruals. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Failure by Our International Operations to Comply With Anti-Corruption Laws or Trade Sanctions Could Increase Our Costs, Reduce Our Profits, Limit Our Growth, Harm Our Reputation, or Subject Us to Broader Liability 
 We are subject to restrictions imposed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries applicable to our operations, such as the U.K. Bribery Act. These laws require us to maintain adequate internal controls and accurate books and records. We have properties and do business in many parts of the world where corruption is common, and our compliance with anti-corruption laws may potentially conflict with local customs and practices. The compliance programs, internal controls and policies we maintain and enforce to promote compliance with these laws may not prevent our employees, contractors or agents from acting in ways prohibited by these laws and regulations. We are also subject to trade sanctions administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control and the U.S. Department of Commerce, and other U.S. government agencies, and authorities in other countries where we do business. Our Global Compliance Department, compliance programs, and internal control policies and procedures may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. The United States or other countries may impose additional sanctions at any time against any country in which or with whom we do business. Depending on the nature of the sanctions imposed, our operations in the relevant country could be restricted or otherwise adversely affected. Any violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations or trade sanctions could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, reduce our profits, disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our business or damage our reputation or result in lawsuits or regulatory actions being brought against us or our officers or directors. In addition, the operation of these laws and regulations or an imposition of further restrictions in these areas could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits or cause us to forgo development opportunities or limit certain business operations that would otherwise support growth. 
 
 We are Subject to a Wide Variety of Complex Domestic and Foreign Laws and Regulations 
 We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, U.S. and foreign export and trading laws, laws governing improper business practices, and health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations not only govern our current operations and products, but could also impose liability on us for our past operations. From time to time, our Company, our operations and the industries in which we operate are being reviewed or investigated by regulators, which may lead to enforcement actions or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages. Our costs to respond to any investigation or to comply with these laws and regulations may increase as these requirements become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to mitigate these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that compliance risks will continue to exist. Investigations, examinations and other proceedings, the nature and outcome of which cannot be predicted, will likely arise from time to time. These investigations, examinations and other proceedings may subject us to significant liability and require us to pay significant settlements, fines and penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks, and Copyrights 
 We have numerous patents, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names, and know-how that are valuable to our business. However, the procedures by which we identify, document, and file for patent, trademark, and copyright protection are based solely on engineering and management judgment, with no assurance that a specific filing will be issued, or if issued, will deliver any lasting value to us. Because of the rapid innovation of products and technologies that is characteristic of our industry, there can be no assurance that rights granted under any patent will provide competitive advantages to us or will be adequate to safeguard and maintain our proprietary rights. We further believe that while our business is not materially dependent upon any single patent, trade secret, trademark, trade name, copyright, or know-how, we do have "families" of patents that are interrelated, which if determined to be invalid or unenforceable, could have a detrimental effect on our business. Despite our efforts to protect such intellectual property and other proprietary information from unauthorized use or disclosure, third parties may attempt to disclose, obtain or use our intellectual property and information without our authorization. Although we rely on the patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws of the United States and other countries to protect our intellectual property rights, the laws of some countries may not protect such rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, the failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect our intellectual property rights, or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, as is typical in our business, third parties (including non-practicing entities ("NPEs")) may challenge the validity of our patents. In the event that such challenges prove successful, the value of our patents may decline which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, some of our products include or use technology and/or components of third parties. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of such products, we believe that, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses may be obtained on commercially reasonable terms; however, there can be no guarantee that such licenses may be obtained on such terms or at all. Because of technological changes in the 
 21 

Table of Contents 

wireless and home control industry, current extensive patent coverage, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible certain components of our products and business methods may unknowingly infringe upon the patents of others. 
 
 Potential for Litigation 
 As is typical in our industry and for the nature and kind of business in which we are engaged, from time to time various claims, charges and litigation are asserted or commenced by third parties against us or by us against third parties, arising from or related to product liability, infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights, breach of warranty, contractual relations or employee relations. The amounts claimed may be substantial, but they may not bear any reasonable relationship to the merits of the claims or the extent of any real risk of court awards assessed against us or in our favor. If a customer or third party believes that he or she has suffered harm to person or property due to an actual or alleged security system failure, he or she (or their insurers) may pursue legal action against us, and the cost of defending the legal action and of any judgment against us could be substantial. In particular, because some of our products and services are intended to help protect lives and real and personal property, we may have greater exposure to litigation risks than businesses that provide other consumer and small business products and services. While our customer contracts contain a series of risk-mitigation provisions that are aimed at limiting our liability and/or limiting a claimant's ability to pursue legal action against us, in the event of litigation with respect to such matters it is possible that these risk-mitigation provisions may be deemed not applicable or unenforceable and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, we may incur significant costs of defense that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 Many of our products are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws governing chemical substances in products, including laws regulating the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products. In addition, many of these laws and regulations make producers of electrical goods responsible for collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of recovered products. As a result, we may face significant costs and liabilities in complying with these laws and any future laws and regulations or enforcement policies that may have a material adverse effect upon our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, our operations, supply chain and our products are expected to become increasingly subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, and international treaties relating to climate change, such as climate disclosure, carbon pricing or product energy efficiency requirements, requiring us to comply or potentially face market-access limitations or other sanctions including fines. We strive to continually improve the energy and carbon efficiency of our operations, supply chain and product portfolio and deliver more cost-effective and lower carbon technology solutions to our customers. 
 
 Regulations Related to the Use of Conflict-Free Minerals May Increase Our Costs and Expenses, and an Inability to Certify that Our Products are Conflict-Free May Adversely Affect Customer Relationships 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains provisions to improve the transparency and accountability of the use by public companies in their products of minerals mined in certain countries and to prevent the sourcing of such "conflict" minerals. As a result, the SEC enacted annual disclosure and reporting requirements for public companies to conduct due diligence to determine the source of any conflict minerals used in our products and to make annual disclosures in filings with the SEC. Because our supply chain is broad-based and complex, we may not be able to easily verify the origins for all minerals used in our products. In addition, the new rules may reduce the number of suppliers who provide components and products containing conflict-free minerals and thus may increase the cost of the components used in manufacturing our products and the costs of our products to us. Any increased costs and expenses may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, if we are unable to certify that our products are conflict free, we may face challenges with our customers, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage, and our reputation may be harmed. 
 
 The Prominence and Evolution on Disclosures related to ESG Matters May Expose Us to Certain Performance and Reputational Risks 
 We have established certain ESG goals and reporting of ESG data. Our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance, and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities. Standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve. Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters relating to our operations and supply chain are evolving along with various standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time. If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation or our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, service provider or employer could be negatively impacted. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Finance 
 
 Growth Projections 
 Management has made projections required for the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") regarding future events and the financial performance of the Company, including those involving: 
 
 the benefits the Company expects as a result of the development and success of products and technologies, including new products and technologies; 
 the benefits expected by conducting business in Asian and Latin American markets, without which, we may not be able to recover the costs we incur to enter into such markets; 
 new contracts with new and existing customers and new market penetrations; 
 the expected continued adoption of the Company's technologies in gaming consoles, mobile devices, and other home entertainment and control devices; 
 the expected continued growth in digital TVs, DVRs, PVRs and overall growth in the Company's industry; 
 the impact competitors and OTT providers may have on our business; and 
 the effects we may experience due to current global and regional economic conditions. 
 
 Actual events or results may be unfavorable to management's projections, which may have a material adverse effect on our projected operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, we have long-lived and intangible assets, including goodwill, recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. We assess these assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value may be below its carrying value. Factors considered important that may trigger said assessment include, among others, a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate, a decline in macroeconomic conditions, a significant decline in our financial performance or a significant decline in the price of our common stock for a sustained period of time. Impairment assessment involves judgment as to assumptions regarding future sales and cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. Future events and changing market conditions may impact our assumptions and may result in changes in our estimates of future sales and cash flows that may result in us incurring substantial impairment charges, which would adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Market Projections and Data are Forward-looking in Nature. 
 Our strategy is based on our own projections and on analyst, industry observer and expert projections, which are forward-looking in nature and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The validity of their and our assumptions, the timing and scope of the markets within which we compete, economic conditions, customer buying patterns, the timeliness of equipment development, pricing of products, and availability of capital for infrastructure improvements may affect these predictions. In addition, market data upon which we rely is based on third-party reports that may be inaccurate. The inaccuracy of any of these projections and/or market data may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Potential Fluctuations in Quarterly Results 
 We may from time to time increase our operating expenses to fund greater levels of R D, sales and marketing activities, development of new distribution channels, improvements in our operational and financial systems, moving manufacturing capabilities to other countries, and development of our customer support capabilities, In addition, legal expenses could increase from time to time as we enhance or increase our litigation efforts and/or to support our efforts to comply with or respond to various government regulations and investigations. To the extent such expenses precede or are not subsequently followed by increased revenues, our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows will be adversely affected. In addition, we may experience significant fluctuations in future quarterly operating results that may be caused by many other factors, including demand for our products, introduction or enhancement of products by us and our competitors, the loss or acquisition of any significant customers, market acceptance of new products, price reductions by us or our competitors, mix of distribution channels through which our products are sold, product or supply constraints, level of product returns, mix of customers and products sold, component pricing, mix of international and domestic revenues, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and general economic conditions. In addition, as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment, we may from time to time make certain pricing or marketing decisions or acquisitions that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. As a result, we believe period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Due to all of the foregoing factors, it is possible that in some future quarters our operating results will be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. If this happens the price of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates or Interest Rates May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations, Cash Flow, Liquidity or Financial Condition 
 Because of our international operations, we are exposed to risk associated with interest rates and value changes in foreign currencies, which may adversely affect our business. We earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the U.S. Accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of U.S. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the U.S. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. We are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-U.S. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. As a result, changes between the foreign exchange rates and the U.S. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. We expect that our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow as the relative contribution of our non-U.S. operations increases. We actively manage the exposure of our foreign currency risk as part of our overall financial risk management policy, by entering into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to reduce exposures to some of the principal currencies, but these efforts may not be successful. These hedging agreements also do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk. 
 
 In addition, under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ("Second Amended Credit Agreement") with U.S. Bank National Association ("U.S. Bank"), we may elect to pay interest on the revolving line of credit ("Credit Line") based on LIBOR or a base rate as specified in the Second Amended Credit Agreement. LIBOR is subject to recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms have resulted in plans to phase out and eventually replace LIBOR. The Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced it would cease publications of the remaining tenors of LIBOR immediately after June 30, 2023. On January 7, 2021, we executed an amendment to our Second Amended Credit Agreement which defines the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the replacement benchmark for LIBOR upon its phase out. The calculation of interest rates under the SOFR replacement benchmarks could negatively impact our business and financial results. To the extent these interest rates increase, our interest expense will increase, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 
 Our Ability to Generate Cash Depends on Many Factors Beyond Our Control. 
 Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund our other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures. 
 
 The degree to which we are currently leveraged could have important consequences for stockholders. For example, it could: 
 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions; 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business; or 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt. 
 
 A significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt or to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs. In addition, any payment of dividends, loans or advances by our subsidiaries may be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. Payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. Our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors. In addition, even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. Further, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us. 
 
 We may also fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility. If any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, our cash flow, liquidity or financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Although we currently have available credit facilities to fund our current operating needs, we cannot be certain that we will be able to replace our existing credit facilities or refinance our existing or future debt when necessary. Our cost of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions, but also by our debt and credit ratings assigned by the major credit rating agencies. Downgrades in these ratings will increase our cost of borrowing and may have an adverse effect on our access to the capital markets, including our access to the commercial paper market. An inability to access the capital markets may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Additionally, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Stock 
 
 The Price of Our Common Stock is Volatile and May Decline Regardless of Our Operating Performance 
 Historically, we have had large fluctuations in the price of our common stock, and such fluctuations may continue, including a significant decline in our stock price. The trading market for our common stock has historically been at low volumes and our market price is volatile and may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including the public's response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC and announcements relating to product and technology development, relationships with new and existing customers, litigation and other legal proceedings in which we are involved and intellectual property impacting us or our business; announcements concerning strategic transactions, such as spin-offs, joint ventures and acquisitions or divestitures; the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; changes in financial estimates or ratings by any securities analysts who follow our common stock, our failure to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our common stock; the inclusion or removal of our common stock from any indices; investor perceptions as to the likelihood of achievement of near-term goals; changes in market share of significant customers; changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology or content providing companies generally; and market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole. Stockholders of other companies have instituted securities class action litigation against such companies after periods of price volatility in such companies' stock. If we were to become involved in such securities litigation, we may incur substantial costs and the attention of management may be diverted from our business. 
 
 In addition, our officers and directors periodically sell shares of our common stock which they own, many times pursuant to trading plans established under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Sales of shares by our officers and directors may not be indicative of their respective opinions of our performance at the time of sale or of our potential future performance. Nonetheless, the market price of our stock may be affected by such sales of shares by our officers and directors. 
 
 Future Sales of Our Shares By Our Largest Stockholders May Depress the Market Price of Our Common Stock 
 We have several institutional stockholders that own significant blocks of our common stock. If one or more of these stockholders were to sell large portions of their holdings in a relatively short time, the prevailing market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. Further, due to our historically low trading volumes, such large stockholders may not be able to sell the number of shares they wish to sell and/or in the time frame in which they wish to sell. Moreover, while such large stockholders are attempting to sell their shares, other stockholders may not be able to sell their shares at the price and time that such other stockholders desire due to the low trading volumes of our stock. 
 
 Approved Stock Repurchase Programs May Not Result in a Positive Return of Capital to Stockholders 
 Periodically, our Board approves programs to repurchase our common stock based upon an assessment of the then current value as compared to the then trading ranges and investor analyst reports. Also considered in this decision is the effect any such repurchases may have on our cash balances and needs, cash flow, and short- and long-term borrowing. Additionally, we, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to our and these companies' operating performance. Price volatility over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock's price at a given point in time. While we believe our stock price should reflect expectations of future growth and profitability, we also believe our stock price should reflect expectations that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated even though our share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. If we fail to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, share repurchases or other market expectations, our stock price may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Our Governing Corporate Documents Contain, and Our Board of Directors May Implement, Antitakeover Provisions that May Deter Takeover Attempts 
 Our governing corporate documents, among other things, require super-majority votes in connection with certain mergers and similar transactions. In addition, our Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder's rights plan. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 Economic Downturns and Other Global, National, and Regional Conditions May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations, Cash Flow, Liquidity or Financial Condition 
 Because we conduct our business on a global platform, our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. Adverse changes in global, national, regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical conditions (such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, tension across the Taiwan Strait and tension between the United States and the PRC, and the ramifications of those and other events) impact our activities. Such conditions in the United States and worldwide may impact our business due to weak economic conditions, changes in energy prices and currency values, political instability, heightened travel security measures, advisories, or disruptions, and concerns over disease, violence, war, or terrorism may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Higher inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates and unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions, changing governmental policies, laws and regulations, and other economic factors could also adversely affect demand for some of our products and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers. 
 
 Global economic uncertainty continues to exist. The continuation or worsening of the global economic downturn may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses, and our investments, which may adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. We finance a portion of our sales through trade credit. Credit markets remain tight, and some customers who require financing for their businesses have not been able to obtain necessary financing. A continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of quality materials, parts and components from our suppliers. Certain of our components are available only from a single source or limited sources. If certain key suppliers were to become capacity constrained or insolvent as a result of an economic downturn, it may result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies and adversely impact our financial results. In addition, credit constraints at key suppliers may result in accelerated payment of accounts payable by us, impacting our cash flow. 
 
 Risks Relating to Natural or Man-Made Disasters, Contagious Disease, Climate Change, Violence, or War May Cause Increases in the Cost of Raw Materials, Production, and Energy which May Adversely Affect Our Earnings or Cash Flow 
 Our ability, including manufacturing or distribution capabilities, and that of our suppliers, business partners and contract manufacturers, to make, move and sell products is critical to our success. We purchase raw materials and energy for use in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. So called "Acts of God," such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, volcanic activity, wildfires, and other natural disasters, as well as man-made disasters and the spread of contagious diseases in locations where we lease and/or own properties and equipment or manage our business, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. Actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil or geopolitical strife, and other acts of violence could have a similar effect. As with the effects we have already experienced from the COVID-19 pandemic, any one or more of these events, including the actions taken by Russia against Ukraine, could disrupt sales volumes, raw material and fuel supplies and increase our costs, reduce our ability to manufacture and supply our products, and/or increase our operating costs, all of which could adversely affect our earnings or cash flows and profits. There are also inherent climate-related risks wherever our business is conducted. Changes in market dynamics, stakeholder expectations, local, national and international climate change policies, and the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure globally, all have the potential to disrupt our business and operations. Such events could result in increases in our costs and expenses and harm our future revenue, cash flows and financial positions. 
 
 Although raw materials and energy supplies (including oil and natural gas) are generally available from various sources in sufficient quantities, unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy, or any deterioration in our 
 26 

Table of Contents 

relationships with or the financial viability of our suppliers, may have an adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow in the event we are unable to offset higher costs in a timely manner by sufficiently decreasing our operating costs or raising the prices of our products. In recent years, some raw material and energy prices have increased, particularly silicon and plastic packaging. The cost of raw materials and energy has in the past experienced, and likely will in the future continue to experience, periods of volatility. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our global headquarters is located in Scottsdale, Arizona. We utilize the following facilities: 
 Location Purpose or Use Square Feet Status Scottsdale, Arizona Corporate headquarters, engineering, research and development 25,106 Leased, expires February 27, 2027 Carlsbad, California Engineering, research and development 30,758 Leased, expires December 31, 2027 Plymouth, Minnesota Engineering, research and development 5,275 Leased, expires March 31, 2025 Poway, California Engineering, research and development 7,891 Leased, expires December 31, 2024 Santa Ana, California Engineering, research and development 18,420 Leased, expires November 30, 2027 Bangalore, India Engineering, research and development 21,326 Leased, expires August 31, 2023 Suzhou, PRC Engineering 5,705 Leased, expires December 31, 2023 Hong Kong, PRC Asian headquarters 6,550 Leased, expires July 31, 2025 Enschede, Netherlands European headquarters and call center 19,407 Leased, expires February 28, 2024 Guangzhou, PRC Service center 26,850 Leased, expires April 14, 2023 Hai Duong, Vietnam Manufacturing facility 124,776 Leased, expires December 1, 2034 Manaus, Brazil Manufacturing facility 56,120 Leased, expires August 19, 2025 Monterrey, Mexico Manufacturing facility 101,571 Leased, expires September 30, 2023 Monterrey, Mexico Storage facility 145,185 Leased, expires July 29, 2025 Qinzhou, PRC Manufacturing facility 20,452 Leased, expires May 31, 2023 Qinzhou, PRC Manufacturing facility 398,269 Leased, expires October 31, 2025 Qinzhou, PRC Manufacturing facility 248,448 Leased, expires October 31, 2025 Yangzhou, PRC (1) 
 Manufacturing facility 1,204,697 Land leased, expires July 31, 2055 Yangzhou, PRC Manufacturing facility 77,888 Leased, expires October 31, 2025 
 
 (1) Private ownership of land in mainland PRC is not allowed. All land in the PRC is owned by the government and cannot be sold to any individual or entity. These facilities were developed on land which we lease from the PRC government. 
 
 In addition to the facilities listed above, we lease space in various international locations, primarily for use as sales offices. 
 
 Upon expiration of our facilities leases, we believe we will obtain lease agreements under similar terms; however, there can be no assurance that we will receive similar terms or that any offer to renew will be accepted. 
 
 We currently believe that our manufacturing, engineering, and research and development facilities are suitable and adequate for our continued needs. We will continue to assess the suitability and adequacy of these facilities to meet both our current needs, as well as our expected future requirements. 
 
 See "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 8" for additional information regarding our obligations under leases. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are subject to lawsuits arising out of the conduct of our business. The discussion of our litigation matters in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation" is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol UEIC. Our stockholders of record on March 3, 2023 numbered 166. We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We intend to retain our earnings, if any, to reinvest in the business for future operations and expansion and, as such, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the fourth quarter, our total stock repurchases, average price paid per share and the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased on the open market under our plans or programs: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Weighted Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 3,057 21.90 December 1, 2022- December 31, 2022 73,015 22.90 Total 76,072 22.86 
 
 (1) Of the repurchases in November and December, 3,057 and 73,015 shares, respectively, represent common shares of the Company that were owned and tendered by employees to satisfy option cost and tax withholding obligations in connection with stock option exercises and the vesting of restricted shares. 

Performance Chart 
 
 The following graph and table compares the cumulative total stockholder return with respect to our common stock versus the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's Small Cap 600 (the "S P Small Cap 600"), the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the Peer Group Indices for the five-year period ended December 31, 2022. We amended our peer group during 2022 to more accurately reflect the current overall business of the Company. The comparison assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of our common stock, S P Small Cap 600, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the Peer Group Indices and that all dividends were reinvested. We have not paid any dividends and, therefore, our cumulative total return calculation is based solely upon stock price appreciation and not upon reinvestment of dividends. The graph and table depicts year-end values based on actual market value increases and decreases relative to the initial investment of 100, based on information provided for each calendar year by the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Korea Exchange. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

The comparisons in the graph and table below are based on historical data and are not intended to forecast the possible future performance of our common stock. 
 
 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Universal Electronics Inc. 100 54 111 111 86 44 S P Small Cap 600 100 90 109 120 150 124 NASDAQ Composite Index 100 96 130 187 227 152 Peer Group - Legacy Index (1) 
 100 96 117 195 181 134 Peer Group - Updated Index (2)(3) 
 100 82 120 173 171 112 
 (1) Companies in the legacy Peer Group Index are as follows: Dolby Laboratories, Inc.; Logitech International S.A.; VOXX International Corp.; and Xperi Corporation (formerly TiVo Corporation). 
 (2) Companies in the updated Peer Group Index are as follows: Arlo Technologies, Inc.; Charter Communications, Inc.; Comcast Corporation; CommScope Holding Company, Inc.; Computime Group Limited; Dish Network Corporation; Home Control International Limited; LG Display Co., Ltd.; Liberty Global PLC; Logitech International S.A.; Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.; Sony Group Corporation; and Turtle Beach Corporation. 
 (3) Cumulative stockholder return data for Arlo Technologies, Inc. and Home Control Limited was not included in the updated Peer Group Index calculations, as these companies were not public until after the December 31, 2017 base period. 
 
 The information presented above is as of December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. This information should not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act nor should this information be incorporated by reference into any prior or future filings under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 We generally discuss 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 in the section that follows. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2022. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We design, develop, manufacture, ship and support control and sensor technology solutions and a broad line of universal control systems, audio-video ("AV") accessories, wireless security and smart home products that are used by the world's leading brands in the video services, consumer electronics, security, home automation, climate control, and home appliance markets. Our product and technology offerings include: 
 
 easy-to-use, voice-enabled, automatically-programmed universal remote controls with two-way radio frequency ("RF") as well as infrared ("IR") remote controls, sold primarily to video service providers (cable, satellite, Internet Protocol television ("IPTV") and Over the Top ("OTT") services), original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"), retailers, and private label customers; 
 integrated circuits ("ICs"), on which our software and universal device control database is embedded, sold primarily to OEMs, video service providers, and private label customers; 
 software, firmware and technology solutions that can enable devices such as TVs, set-top boxes, audio systems, smart speakers, game consoles and other consumer electronic and smart home devices to wirelessly connect and interact with home networks and interactive services to control and deliver home entertainment, smart home services and device or system information; 
 cloud-services that support our embedded software and hardware solutions (directly or indirectly) enabling real-time device identification and system control; 
 intellectual property that we license primarily to OEMs and video service providers; 
 proprietary and standards-based RF sensors designed for residential security, safety and home automation applications; 
 embedded and cloud-enabled software for reliable firmware update and digital rights management validation services to major consumer electronics brands; 
 wall-mount and handheld thermostat controllers and connected accessories for smart energy management systems, primarily to OEM customers, as well as hotels and hospitality system integrators; and 
 AV accessories sold, directly and indirectly, to consumers including universal remote controls, television wall mounts and stands and digital television antennas. 
 
 A key factor in creating products and software for control of entertainment devices is our proprietary device knowledge. Each year our device control library continues to grow across AV and smart home platforms, supporting many common smart home protocols, including IR, HDMI-CEC, Zigbee (Rf4CE), Z-Wave, IP, as well as Home Network and Cloud Control. 
 
 Our technology also includes other remote controlled home entertainment devices and home automation control modules, as well as wired Consumer Electronics Control ("CEC") and wireless IP control protocols commonly found on many of the latest HDMI and internet connected devices. Our proprietary software automatically detects, identifies and enables the appropriate control commands for many home entertainment and automation devices in the home. Our libraries are continuously updated with device control codes used in newly introduced AV and Internet of Things ("IoT") devices. These control codes are captured directly from original control devices or from the manufacturer's written specifications to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the library. 
 
 We operate as one business segment. We have one domestic subsidiary and 25 international subsidiaries located in Brazil, British Virgin Islands, France, Germany, Hong Kong (3), India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico (2), the Netherlands, People's Republic of China (the "PRC") (7), Singapore, Spain, United Kingdom and Vietnam. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

To recap our results for 2022: 
 
 Net sales decreased 9.8 to 542.8 million in 2022 from 601.6 million in 2021. 
 Our gross profit percentage decreased to 28.1 in 2022 from 28.8 in 2021. 
 Operating expenses, as a percent of sales, increased to 25.4 in 2022 from 24.9 in 2021. 
 Operating income decreased to 14.5 million in 2022 from 23.3 million in 2021, and our operating margin percentage decreased to 2.7 in 2022, compared to 3.9 in 2021. 
 Our effective tax rate increased to 96.4 in 2022 from 67.0 in 2021. 
 
 Our strategic business objectives for 2023 include the following: 
 
 increase new product development efforts in high-growth HVAC OEM channel to grow our market penetration with existing customers and acquire new customers with the goal of achieving market share leadership in climate control channel within 2 years; 
 broaden our home control and home automation product solutions with the aim of acquiring new customers that represent market share leaders in their respective channels and regions; 
 expand our software and service platform, QuickSet, to deliver a complete smart entertainment and smart home managed service platform; 
 invest in creating sustainable technology solutions that offer product differentiation across our global product portfolio; 
 explore and expand product offerings in our core subscription broadcasting channel beyond traditional entertainment remote controls; 
 seek acquisitions or strategic partners that complement and strengthen our existing business; and 
 expedite our long-term factory planning strategy to optimize our manufacturing footprint and reduce our manufacturing concentration in the PRC. 
 
 We intend for the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations to provide information that will assist in understanding our consolidated financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic and Supply Chain Impact 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including related measures to curtail its spread, continues to be a complex and evolving situation and has and will continue to impact our business, operations, and financial results. We anticipate that the global health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to negatively impact business activity across the globe, including our business. We expect our sales demand to be negatively impacted into, at least, the first half of 2023 given the global reach and economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the various governmentally imposed lockdowns, quarantine and social distancing measures put in place to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. A future suspension of our manufacturing operations would impact our ability to meet customer demand and could have a significant adverse effect on our financial conditions and results of operations. COVID-19 also continues to impact the global supply chain causing disruptions to service providers, logistics and the flow and availability of supplies and products. Our manufacturing sites, as well as our suppliers and outsourcing partners, and our supply chain have been adversely and may continue to be adversely impacted as a result of restrictions and logistics and operational challenges related to COVID-19. These disruptions have resulted and may continue to result in supply shortages and delays impacting sales worldwide. We may experience further disruptions to our manufacturing operations, supply chain and/or distribution channels in the future, and these disruptions may be prolonged. 
 
 We have also been negatively impacted by supply chain difficulties including obtaining ICs and other long-lead time components and we expect this to continue into 2023. While we are taking production and inventory control steps to mitigate the effects caused by these shortages including advanced purchasing of long-lead time components, we cannot guarantee that these steps will allow us to meet our short-term IC and other component parts needs. As such, these supply constraints continue to cause difficulty and delays in our ability to fulfill customer orders and have at times resulted in increased logistics costs. In addition, many of our products are paired with certain of our customers' products, like set-top boxes or televisions. If those customers are not able to obtain sufficient quantities of ICs for their products, their demand for our products may decrease. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Macroeconomic Conditions 
 
 We have been negatively impacted and we expect to continue to be negatively impacted by adverse macroeconomic conditions, in particular reduced consumer spending. Inflation has increased our component and logistics costs. While we have been able to increase sales prices on certain products, there may be a delay in our ability to increase prices and we may not be able to fully offset the impact of increased material costs which would negatively impact our gross profit. Our cost of labor, materials and borrowing may continue to increase which would negatively impact our business and financial results. In addition, we expect recessionary fears in the global economy will ultimately negatively impact our sales demand. 
 
 Qinzhou, China Facility 
 
 In October 2021, Reuters published an article indicating that individuals from China's Uyghur minority, originally resident in the PRC region of Xinjiang, were working in a facility in Qinzhou, Guangxi operated by our Chinese subsidiary, Gemstar Technology (Qinzhou) Co. Ltd. ("Gemstar"). The article alleged that the presence of these workers in Guangxi was indicative of "a transfer program described by some rights groups as forced labor." 
 
 We have reviewed and confirmed that Gemstar compensated these individuals for their work at the same rates as workers of other ethnicities who had comparable skills and roles, and at a level that was above the local minimum wage. Although our review did not identify any instances in which individuals were obliged or in any other way forced to work at the Qinzhou facility or were paid less than their promised wage, Gemstar, which engaged these workers through a third-party labor agency, terminated its relationship with that agency, ended its arrangement with these workers, and paid all outstanding wages and severance directly and individually to each of the workers in question. Nonetheless, the perception that we or an entity affiliated with us might have had associations with a program described by some as involving forced labor could result in reputational damage as well as lost revenue. To date, as a result of this perception, one customer has put further business with us on hold. Should additional customers cease doing business with us, the loss of revenue could become material, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We take all allegations regarding working conditions seriously, and took a cooperative approach to responding to the Committee's letter, cooperated fully with the Committee's inquiry and provided the Committee with timely and complete responses to all of its questions. 
 
 Manufacturing Footprint 
 
 We expect to commence manufacturing operations in a new factory in Vietnam in the first half of 2023, which may result in manufacturing inefficiencies. We are currently evaluating our manufacturing footprint with the expectation that once the Vietnam factory is operating efficiently, we will reduce our manufacturing capacity, most likely, by shutting down an existing facility. If this were to occur, we would record an impairment charge and severance expense in amounts that are not presently calculable, however could be material. We are analyzing various scenarios, each contingent on the success of the new Vietnam factory, and have yet to conclude on a specific plan. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill and income taxes. Actual results may differ from these judgments and estimates, and they may be adjusted as more information becomes available. Any adjustment may be significant and may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 An accounting estimate is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably may have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur may materially impact the financial statements. Management believes the following critical accounting estimates affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. In addition to the accounting policies mentioned below, see "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2" for other significant accounting policies. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Revenue recognition 
 
 Revenue is recognized when control of a good or service is transferred to a customer. Control is considered to be transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of that good or service. Revenues are generated from manufacturing and delivering universal control, sensing and automation products and AV accessories, which are sold through multiple channels, and licensing intellectual property that is embedded in these products or licensed to others for use in their products. We also generate revenues from a cloud-based software solution enabling software updates, digital rights management provisioning and remote technical support to consumer electronics customers. 
 
 Timing of Revenue Recognition When determining the classification of over time verses point in time revenue recognition, there is significant judgment exercised by management in identifying and evaluating whether new contracts and/or products meet the criteria for over time or point in time revenue recognition. Significant judgments include the evaluation of legal terms and rights within each jurisdiction that we operate, specifically as it relates to our entitlement to gross margin at termination, and the evaluation of whether it is possible, contractually or economically, to repurpose or redirect products. 
 
 Royalty Revenue We license our symbolic intellectual property which includes our patented technologies and database of control codes. Royalty revenue is recognized for these licensing arrangements on an over time basis. We record license revenue for per-unit based licenses when our customers manufacture or ship a product incorporating our intellectual property and we have a present right to payment. The number of shipped units is estimated based on historical royalty revenue and other known factors. If actual shipped units differ from our estimates we will record a reduction or increase to net sales in the period the actuals are reported by the licensee, typically in the following quarter. 
 
 Sales Returns and Allowances A provision is recorded for estimated sales returns and allowances and is deducted from gross sales to arrive at net sales in the period the related revenue is recorded. These estimates are based on historical sales returns and allowances, analysis of credit memo data and other known factors. Actual returns and claims in any future period are inherently uncertain and thus may differ from our estimates. If actual or expected future returns and claims are significantly greater or lower than the reserves that we have established, we will record a reduction or increase to net sales in the period in which we make such a determination. 
 
 Sales Discounts and Rebates A provision is recorded for estimated sales discounts and rebates and is deducted from gross sales to arrive at net sales in the period the related revenue is recorded. We accrue for discounts and rebates based on historical experience and our expectations regarding future sales to our customers. Changes in such accruals may be required if actual discounts and rebates differ from our estimates. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Our finished good, component part, and raw material inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method. We write down our inventory for the estimated difference between cost and estimated net realizable value based upon our best estimates of future demand and market conditions. We carry inventory in amounts necessary to satisfy our customers' inventory requirements on a timely basis. We continually monitor our inventory status to control inventory levels and write down any excess or obsolete inventories on hand. If actual market conditions become less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which may have a material impact on our financial statements. Such circumstances may include, but are not limited to, the development of new competing technology that impedes the marketability of our products or the occurrence of significant price decreases in our raw material or component parts, such as integrated circuits. Each percentage point change in the ratio of excess and obsolete inventory reserve to inventory would impact cost of sales by approximately 1.5 million. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets and Intangible Assets 
 
 We assess long-lived and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors considered important which may trigger an impairment review, if significant, include the following: 
 
 underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 
 changes in the manner of use of the assets; 
 changes in the strategy of our overall business; 
 negative industry or economic trends; 
 a decline in our stock price for a sustained period; and 
 a variance between our market capitalization relative to net book value. 
 
 If the carrying value of the asset is larger than its projected undiscounted future cash flows, the asset is impaired. The impairment is measured as the difference between the net book value of the asset and the asset's estimated fair value. Fair value is estimated utilizing the asset's projected discounted future cash flows. In assessing fair value, we must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows, the discount rate and other factors. If the actual performance of the assets becomes less favorable than those projected by management, adjustments to the carrying values of these assets may have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 We evaluate the carrying value of goodwill on December 31 of each year and between annual evaluations if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. Such circumstances may include, but are not limited to: (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate, (2) a decline in macroeconomic conditions, (3) a significant decline in our financial performance or (4) a significant decline in the price of our common stock for a sustained period of time. 
 
 We perform our annual impairment test using a qualitative assessment weighing the relative impact of factors that are specific to our single reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors. Based on the qualitative assessment performed, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than the carrying value. Therefore, performing a quantitative impairment test was unnecessary. 
 
 Certain future events and circumstances, including adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide and changes in consumer behavior could result in changes to our assumptions and judgments used in the goodwill impairment tests. A downward revision of these assumptions could cause the fair value of the reporting unit to fall below its respective carrying values and a noncash impairment charge would be required. Such a charge may have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We calculate our current and deferred tax provisions based on estimates and assumptions that may differ from the actual results reflected in our income tax returns filed during the subsequent year. We record adjustments based on filed returns when we have identified and finalized them, which is generally in the third and fourth quarters of the subsequent year. 
 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences to reverse. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that we are more likely than not to realize. We have considered future market growth, forecasted earnings and tax rates, future taxable income, the mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate and prudent tax planning strategies in determining the need for a valuation allowance. In the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, we would increase the valuation allowance and make a corresponding charge to earnings in the period in which we make such determination. Likewise, if we later determine that we are more likely than not to realize the net deferred tax assets, we would reverse the applicable portion of the previously provided valuation allowance. In order for us to realize our deferred tax assets we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in the tax jurisdictions in which the deferred tax assets are located. Any changes to the realizability of our deferred tax assets or liabilities may have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign countries, and we are subject to routine corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. We believe that our tax return positions are fully supported, but tax authorities are likely 
 34 

Table of Contents 

to challenge certain positions, which may not be fully sustained. Our income tax expense includes amounts intended to satisfy income tax assessments that result from these challenges in accordance with the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribed by U.S. GAAP. Determining the income tax expense for these potential assessments and recording the related assets and liabilities requires management judgments and estimates. 
 
 We maintain reserves for uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties. We review our reserves quarterly, and we may adjust such reserves due to proposed assessments by tax authorities, changes in facts and circumstances, issuance of new regulations or new case law, previously unavailable information obtained during the course of an examination, negotiations between tax authorities of different countries concerning our transfer prices, execution of advanced pricing agreements, resolution with respect to individual audit issues, the resolution of entire audits, or the expiration of statutes of limitations. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits may be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and, therefore, may have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations expressed as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 71.9 71.2 Gross profit 28.1 28.8 Research and development expenses 6.0 5.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses 19.4 19.8 Operating income 2.7 3.9 Interest income (expense), net (0.4) (0.1) Loss on sale of Argentina subsidiary 0.0 (1.0) Other income (expense), net (0.2) (0.1) Income before provision for income taxes 2.1 2.7 Provision for income taxes 2.0 1.8 Net income 0.1 0.9 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 ("2022") Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 ("2021") 
 
 Net sales. Net sales for 2022 were 542.8 million, a decrease of 9.8 compared to 601.6 million in 2021. Sales in our subscription broadcast channel were lower than in the prior year due primarily to lower customer demand and component shortages. Sales in our retail channel were also lower than the prior year due to macroeconomic headwinds and the loss of a customer in North America. 
 
 Gross profit. Gross profit in 2022 was 152.3 million compared to 173.0 million in 2021. Gross profit as a percent of sales decreased to 28.1 in 2022 compared to 28.8 in 2021. Gross profit as a percent of sales was unfavorably impacted by inflationary pressures associated with raw materials and components, freight costs and wages. Partially offsetting these unfavorable impacts were sales price increases on certain products, which were implemented throughout the first two quarters of 2022. 
 
 Research and development ("R D") expenses. R D expenses increased 5.0 to 32.5 million in 2022 from 30.9 million in 2021. The increase in R D expenses is due to an increase in product development activities as we continue to expand our portfolio of products and focus on growth channels including HVAC, home security and home automation. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses. SG A expenses decreased 11.4 to 105.3 million in 2022 from 118.8 million in 2021, primarily due to a decrease in outside legal expenses related to a specific legal matter. 
 
 Interest income (expense), net. Net interest expense increased to 2.2 million in 2022 from 0.6 million in 2021 as a result of a higher average loan balance and a higher average interest rate. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Loss on sale of Argentina subsidiary. During 2021, we completed the sale of our subsidiary, One For All Argentina S.R.L, recording a loss on sale of 6.1 million. The loss was primarily attributable to the weakening of the Argentinian Peso versus the U.S. Dollar resulting in a loss in equity value in our Argentina subsidiary and ultimately sales proceeds that were significantly less than the invested capital. 
 
 Other income (expense), net. Other expense, net was 1.0 million in 2022, compared to other expense, net of 0.6 million in 2021, both as a result of net foreign currency losses offset partially by miscellaneous non-operating gains. 
 
 Income tax expense. Income tax expense was 11.0 million in 2022 compared to 10.8 million in 2021. Our effective tax rate was elevated in both 2022 and 2021 at 96.4 and 67.0 , respectively, as a result of our mix of pre-tax income/loss by jurisdiction, as well as losses incurred in the U.S. which are not benefited due to a valuation allowance. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources of Cash 
 
 Historically, we have utilized cash provided from operations as our primary source of liquidity, as internally generated cash flows have been sufficient to support our business operations, capital expenditures and discretionary share repurchases. In addition, we have utilized our revolving line of credit to fund an increased level of share repurchases and past acquisitions. We anticipate that we will continue to utilize both cash flows from operations and our revolving line of credit to support ongoing business operations, capital expenditures, expenses associated with our long-term factory planning strategy, future discretionary share repurchases and potential future acquisitions. We believe our current cash balances, anticipated cash flow to be generated from operations and available borrowing resources will be sufficient to cover expected cash outlays for at least the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future thereafter; however, because our cash is located in various jurisdictions throughout the world, we may at times need to increase borrowing from our revolving line of credit or take on additional debt until we are able to transfer cash among our various entities. 
 
 Our liquidity is subject to various risks including the market risks identified in "ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK". 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 66,740 60,813 Available borrowing resources 37,000 66,300 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents At December 31, 2022, we had 6.8 million, 15.6 million, 18.9 million, 13.0 million and 12.4 million of cash and cash equivalents in North America, the PRC, Asia (excluding the PRC), Europe, and South America, respectively. We attempt to mitigate our exposure to liquidity, credit and other relevant risks by placing our cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions we believe are high quality. 
 
 Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world. The majority of our cash is held outside of the United States and may be repatriated to the United States but, under current law, may be subject to federal and state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. Additionally, repatriation of some foreign balances is restricted by local laws. 
 
 Available Borrowing Resources Our Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ("Second Amended Credit Agreement") with U.S. Bank National Association ("U.S. Bank") provides for a 125.0 million revolving line of credit ("Credit Line") that expires on November 1, 2023. We expect to renew our credit agreement with U.S. Bank, for an additional two years, prior to its expiration. The Credit Line may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes including acquisitions, share repurchases and capital expenditures. Amounts available for borrowing under the Credit Line are reduced by the balance of any outstanding letters of credit, of which there were none at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had an outstanding balance of 88.0 million on our Credit Line and 37.0 million of availability. 
 
 See "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 9" for further information regarding our Credit Line. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Uses of Cash 
 
 Our cash flows were as follows: 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash provided by (used for) operating activities 10,926 (29,357) 40,283 Cash provided by (used for) investing activities (21,208) (4,167) (17,041) Cash provided by (used for) financing activities 20,501 42,527 (22,026) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (4,292) (6,736) 2,444 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 5,927 2,267 3,660 
 
 December 31, 2022 Increase (Decrease) December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 66,740 5,927 60,813 Working capital 121,567 1,208 120,359 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 10.9 million during 2022 compared to 40.3 million during 2021. Net income was 0.4 million in 2022 compared to 5.3 million in 2021. Accounts receivables decreased by 12.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a decrease of 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 largely due to a reduction in sales during 2022. Inventories increased by 9.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an increase of 15.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. We still remain in a unique environment where certain components, prominently ICs, are in short supply. Although this issue is abating, the lead times associated with certain component vendors remain elevated; consequently, when an opportunity arises to procure more than what is needed at a given period of time, we are proceeding with the purchase. Furthermore, certain customers ordered fewer units than originally forecasted, causing our finished goods inventory to be temporarily elevated. Our inventory turns decreased to 2.2 turns at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.9 turns at December 31, 2021. Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities resulted in cash outflows of 28.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash inflows of 0.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, largely as a result of lower sales volume resulting in fewer purchases of raw materials and components, excluding, in certain situations, components in short supply. Changes in accrued income taxes resulted in cash outflows of 2.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash inflows of 2.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net cash used for investing activities during 2022 was 21.2 million, of which 7.5 million, 0.9 million, 14.0 million and 6.6 million was used for the purchase of our term deposit investment, acquisition of Qterics Inc., capital expenditures, and the development of patents, respectively. Offsetting these amounts was 7.8 million received upon the redemption of our term deposit investment. Net cash used for investing activities during 2021 was 17.0 million, of which 12.6 million and 4.4 million was used for capital expenditures and development of patents, respectively. 
 
 Future cash flows used for investing activities are largely dependent on the timing and amount of capital expenditures. We estimate that we will incur between 12.0 million and 15.0 million in 2023 which includes amounts associated with our factory in Vietnam which we anticipate commencing operations in the first half of 2023. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 20.5 million during 2022 compared to net cash used for financing activities of 22.0 million during 2021. The primary financing activities in 2022 and 2021 were borrowings and repayments on our line of credit and repurchases of shares of our common stock. Net borrowings on our line of credit were 32.0 million in 2022 and 36.0 million in 2021. During 2022, we purchased 434,107 shares of our common stock at a cost of 13.0 million compared to 1,243,196 shares at a cost of 59.7 million during 2021. 
 
 Future cash flows used for financing activities are affected by our financing needs which are largely dependent on the level of cash provided by or used in operations and the level of cash used in investing activities. Additionally, potential future repurchases of shares of our common stock will impact our cash flows used for financing activities. Given the recent decrease in the price of our common stock, we may opportunistically purchase shares of our common stock. See "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 14" for further information regarding our share repurchase programs. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Material Cash Commitments The following table summarizes our material cash commitments and the effect these commitments are expected to have on our cash flows in future periods: 
 
 Payments Due by Period (In thousands) Total Less than 1 year 1 - 3 years 4 - 5 years After 5 years Credit line (1) 
 88,000 88,000 Inventory purchases 13,708 13,708 Operating lease obligations 23,798 6,841 9,542 4,555 2,860 Property, plant, and equipment purchases 
 1,742 1,742 Software license 3,468 53 578 946 1,891 Total material cash commitments 130,716 110,344 10,120 5,501 4,751 
 (1) We expect to renew our credit agreement with U.S. Bank, for an additional two years, prior to its expiration. 
 
 We anticipate meeting our material cash commitments with our cash generated from operations and available borrowing resources, including our Credit Line. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2" for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of these risks and the use of financial instruments to mitigate our risk exposure. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our debt. From time to time, we borrow amounts on our Credit Line for working capital and other liquidity needs. Under the Second Amended Credit Agreement, we may elect to pay interest on outstanding borrowings on our Credit Line based on LIBOR or a base rate (based on the prime rate of U.S. Bank) plus an applicable margin as defined in the Second Amended Credit Agreement. Accordingly, changes in interest rates would impact our results of operations in future periods. A 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have an approximately 0.7 million annual impact on net income based on our outstanding Credit Line balance at December 31, 2022. 
 
 We cannot make any assurances that we will not need to borrow additional amounts in the future or that funds will be extended to us under comparable terms or at all. If funding is not available to us at a time when we need to borrow, we would have to use our cash reserves, including potentially repatriating cash from foreign jurisdictions, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had wholly-owned subsidiaries in Brazil, the British Virgin Islands, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, the Netherlands, the PRC, Singapore, Spain, United Kingdom and Vietnam. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in our sales commitments, anticipated sales, anticipated purchases, operating expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. The most significant foreign currencies to our operations are the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, British Pound, Mexican Peso, Indian Rupee, Hong Kong Dollar, Brazilian Real, Japanese Yen, Korean Won and Vietnamese Dong. Our most significant foreign currency exposure is to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi as this is the functional currency of our China-based factories where the majority of our products are manufactured. If the Chinese Yuan Renminbi were to strengthen against the U.S. Dollar, our manufacturing costs would increase. We are generally a net payor of the Mexican Peso, Indian Rupee, Hong Kong Dollar, Japanese Yen, Korean Won and Vietnamese Dong and therefore benefit from a stronger U.S. Dollar and are adversely affected by a weaker U.S. Dollar relative to the foreign currency. For the Euro, British Pound and Brazilian Real, we are generally a net receiver of the foreign currency 
 38 

Table of Contents 

and therefore benefit from a weaker U.S. Dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger U.S. Dollar relative to the foreign currency. Even where we are a net receiver, a weaker U.S. Dollar may adversely affect certain expense figures taken alone. 
 
 From time to time, we enter into foreign currency exchange agreements to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in our forecasted income and cash flows denominated in foreign currencies. The terms of these foreign currency exchange agreements normally last less than nine months. We recognize the gains and losses on these foreign currency contracts in the same period as the remeasurement losses and gains of the related foreign currency-denominated exposures. 
 
 It is difficult to estimate the impact of fluctuations on reported income, as it depends on the opening and closing rates, the average net balance sheet positions held in a foreign currency and the amount of income generated in local currency. We routinely forecast what these balance sheet positions and income generated in local currency may be and we take steps to minimize exposure as we deem appropriate. Alternatively, we may choose not to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with our foreign currency exposures, primarily if such exposure acts as a natural foreign currency hedge for other offsetting amounts denominated in the same currency or the currency is difficult or too expensive to hedge. We do not enter into any derivative transactions for speculative purposes. 
 
 The sensitivity of earnings and cash flows to variability in exchange rates is assessed by applying an approximate range of potential rate fluctuations to our assets, obligations and projected results of operations denominated in foreign currency with all other variables held constant. The analysis includes all of our foreign currency contracts offset by the underlying exposures. Based on our overall foreign currency rate exposure at December 31, 2022, we believe that movements in foreign currency rates may have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations. We estimate that if the exchange rates for the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, British Pound, Mexican Peso, Indian Rupee, Hong Kong Dollar, Brazilian Real, Japanese Yen, Korean Won and Vietnamese Dong relative to the U.S. Dollar fluctuate 10 from December 31, 2022, net income in the first quarter of 2023 would fluctuate by approximately 7.4 million. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 41 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 44 
 Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 47 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 48 
 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Universal Electronics Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Universal Electronics Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules included under Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"), and our report dated March 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue recognition - Identifying and evaluating terms and conditions in contracts for the timing of revenue recognition 
 
 As described further in Note 2 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, product revenue is generated through manufacturing and delivering universal control, sensing, and automation products, and AV accessories. The Company recognizes revenue over time for custom products with no alternative use when the Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, including a reasonable margin, through a contractual commitment from the customer. Revenue is recognized at a point in time if the criteria for recognizing revenue over time are not met. For each new contract and/or product, management performs an analysis to determine whether the asset created is a custom asset with no alternative use and whether the terms and conditions of the contract indicate the Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed prior to the transfer of the underlying asset. We identified the determination of overtime versus point in time revenue recognition as a critical audit matter. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

The principal considerations for our determination that overtime versus point in time revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is the significant judgment exercised by management in identifying and evaluating whether new contracts and/or products meet the criteria for over time or point in time revenue recognition. Significant judgments include the evaluation of contractual legal terms and rights within each jurisdiction in which the Company operates and evaluation of whether it is possible, contractually or economically, to repurpose or redirect products for an alternative use. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the overtime versus point in time revenue recognition included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of key controls over the Company's new and amended contract review process, specifically those related to the identification and evaluation of terms and conditions associated with an enforceable right to payment. 
 We tested design and operating effectiveness of key controls associated with the Company's classification of new products, including those associated with determination and classification of a product as having no alternative use. 
 For a selection of parts from the Company's active products listing, we performed testing to determine whether products marked as custom with no alternative use are restricted contractually or economically to be repurposed or redirected. This includes evaluating management assumptions regarding the economic feasibility of repurposing a finished product and evidence to support that the final product has no alternative use. 
 For a selection of contracts, obtained the contract and management's analysis over the enforceable right to payment and validated that the payment terms within the contract were properly evaluated and the contract was properly included or excluded from the overtime revenue recognition. 
 For a selection of revenue transactions, we traced the products sold into the Company's listing of active products and determined whether that product was appropriately classified as custom or non-custom by applying the same testing approach noted above. For transactions selected with custom products, we also obtained and read the contract and contract amendments to determine whether the payment terms within the contract specifically identified an enforceable right to payment, including a reasonable margin, upon cancellation. The two parts to this test serve to determine whether the transaction was appropriately recorded over time or at a point in time. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2005. 

March 8, 2023 

42 

Table of Contents 

UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share-related data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Line of credit Accrued compensation Accrued sales discounts, rebates and royalties Accrued income taxes Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Operating lease obligations Deferred income taxes Income tax payable Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Interest income (expense), net ) ) ) Loss on sale of Argentina subsidiary ) Accrued social insurance adjustment Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Shares used in computing earnings per share: Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in foreign currency translation due to sale of Argentina subsidiary Comprehensive income (loss) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Issued Common Stock in Treasury Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Totals Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustment Shares issued for employee benefit plan and compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock options exercised Shares issued to directors ) Employee and director stock-based compensation Performance-based common stock warrants Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in foreign currency translation due to sale of Argentina subsidiary Shares issued for employee benefit plan and compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock options exercised Shares issued to directors Employee and director stock-based compensation Performance-based common stock warrants ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustment ) ) Shares issued for employee benefit plan and compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock options exercised Shares issued to directors Employee and director stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Shares issued for employee benefit plan Employee and director stock-based compensation Performance-based common stock warrants ) Impairment of long-term assets Loss on sale of Argentina subsidiary, net of cash transferred Accrued social insurance adjustment ) Loss on sale of Ohio call center Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and contract assets Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Accrued income taxes ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of term deposit ) Redemption of term deposit Acquisition of the net assets of Qterics, Inc. ) Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions of intangible assets ) ) ) Payment on sale of Ohio call center ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under line of credit Repayments on line of credit ) ) ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Treasury stock purchased ) ) ) Contingent consideration payments in connection with business combinations ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Income taxes paid Interest paid 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 1 
 
 years, we have developed a broad portfolio of patented technologies and cloud-based connectivity and control software solutions that we license to our customers, including many leading Fortune 500 companies. 
 
 Distribution methods for our control solutions vary depending on the sales channel. We license our connectivity and control solution technologies across a variety of channels, primarily to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"). We distribute remote control devices, integrated circuits, sensors, connected thermostats and AV accessories directly to video and security service providers and OEMs, both domestically and internationally. We also distribute home security sensors and connected thermostats to pro-security installers and hospitality system integrators in the United States and Europe through a network of national and regional distributors and dealers. 
 
 Additionally, we sell our wireless control devices and AV accessories under the One For All and private label brand names to retailers through our international subsidiaries and direct to retailers in key markets, such as in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, and Italy. We utilize third-party distributors for the retail channel in countries where we do not have subsidiaries. 
 
 As used herein, the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to Universal Electronics Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates to the contrary. 

Note 2 

48 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

49 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in such accruals may be required if future rebates and incentives differ from our estimates. 
 
 We present all non-income government-assessed taxes (sales, use and value added taxes) collected from our customers and remitted to governmental agencies on a net basis (excluded from revenue) in our financial statements. The government-assessed taxes are recorded in our consolidated balance sheets until they are remitted to the government agency. 

See Note 10 for further information concerning income taxes. 

Advertising expense totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shipping and handling fees and costs totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 . Forfeitures of stock-based awards are accounted for as they occur. Upon the exercise of stock options or the vesting of restricted stock awards, newly issued shares of our common stock are issued. 
 
 We determine the fair value of restricted stock awards utilizing the average of the high and low trading prices of our common shares on the date they were granted. 
 
 since we have not historically declared dividends and do not have any plans to declare dividends in the future. See Note 15 for further information regarding stock-based compensation. 

See Note 16 for further information regarding performance-based common stock warrants. 

See Note 17 for further information concerning transaction gains and losses. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

See Notes 3, 4, 9, 11, 12 and 19 for further information concerning our financial instruments. 

, but was redeemed prior to December 31, 2022. Domestically, we generally maintain balances in excess of federally insured limits. We attempt to mitigate our exposure to liquidity, credit and other relevant risks by placing our cash, cash equivalents and term deposit with financial institutions we believe are high quality. These financial institutions are located in many different geographic regions. As part of our cash and risk management processes, we perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of our financial institutions. We have not sustained credit losses from instruments held at financial institutions. See Note 3 for further information concerning cash, cash equivalents and term deposit. 

See Note 4 for further information concerning our allowance for credit losses. 

52 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

- years 
 Tooling and equipment - Years 
 Computer equipment - Years 
 Software - Years 
 Furniture and fixtures - Years 
 Leasehold and building improvements Lesser of lease term or useful life 
 (approximately to years) 

See Note 6 for further information concerning our property, plant, and equipment. 
 
 to with extensions at the then current market rate. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less, or on a month-to-month basis, are not recorded on the balance sheet and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. If applicable, we combine lease and non-lease components, which primarily relate to ancillary expenses associated with real estate leases such as common area maintenance charges and management fees. 
 
 See Note 8 for further information concerning our leases. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

See Note 7 for further information concerning goodwill. 
 
 years. 
 
 We assess the impairment of long-lived assets and intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors considered important which may trigger an impairment review include the following: (1) significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (2) significant changes in the manner or use of the assets or strategy for the overall business; (3) significant negative industry or economic trends; and (4) a significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period. 
 
 We conduct an impairment review when we determine that the carrying value of a long-lived or intangible asset may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators of impairment. The asset is impaired if its carrying value exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. In assessing recoverability, we make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors. 
 
 An impairment loss is the amount by which the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value. We estimate fair value utilizing the projected discounted cash flow method and a discount rate determined by our management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in our current business model. When calculating fair value, we make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows, discount rates and other factors. 
 
 See Note 6 for further information concerning long-lived assets. See Note 7 for further information concerning intangible assets. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

See Note 21 for further information concerning business combinations. 
 
 , to protect against the adverse effects that exchange-rate fluctuations may have on our foreign currency-denominated receivables, payables, cash flows and reported income. We do not enter into financial instruments for speculation or trading purposes. 

55 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 3 
 
 People's Republic of China ("PRC") Asia (excluding the PRC) Europe South America Total cash and cash equivalents 

term deposit cash account with Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A., denominated in Brazilian Real. The term deposit earned interest at a variable annual rate based upon the Brazilian CDI overnight interbank rate. As of December 31, 2022, all of this term deposit was redeemed. 

Note 4 
 
 Goods and services transferred over time Net sales 
 
 Asia (excluding the PRC) Europe People's Republic of China Latin America Other Total net sales 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Daikin Industries Ltd. (1) 
 (1) 
 
 (1) Sales associated with this customer did not total more than 10 of our net sales for the indicated period. 
 
 Accounts Receivable, Net 
 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Allowance for sales returns ) ) Trade receivables, net Other (1) 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 (1) Other accounts receivable is primarily comprised of value added tax and supplier rebate receivables. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Changes in the allowance for credit losses were as follows: 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of period Additions (reductions) to costs and expenses ) Cash receipts ) Write-offs/Foreign exchange effects ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 
 (1) Trade receivables associated with this customer did not total more than 10 of our accounts receivable, net for the indicated period. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 5 
 
 Components Work in process Finished goods Inventories 
 
 Significant Suppliers 

Purchases from the following supplier totaled more than 10 of our total accounts payable: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (thousands) of Total Accounts Payable (thousands) of Total Accounts Payable Zhejiang Zhen You Electronics Co. Ltd. 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 
 (1) Accounts payable associated with this supplier did not total more than 10 of our accounts payable for the indicated period. 

Note 6 
 
 Computer equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold and building improvements Machinery and equipment Software Tooling Accumulated depreciation ) ) Construction in progress Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred million in impairment charges, recorded in cost of sales, relating to the underutilization of certain property, plant and equipment in our Mexico factory. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred million in impairment charges, recorded in cost of sales, relating to the underutilization of property, plant and equipment in our PRC-based factories, as a result of our long-term factory planning strategy of reducing our concentration risk in that region. Impairment charges were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Machinery and equipment Software Tooling Other Total construction in progress 

We expect that most of the assets under construction will be placed into service during the first six months of 2023. We will begin to depreciate the cost of these assets under construction once they are placed into service. 
 
 People's Republic of China Mexico Vietnam All other countries Total long-lived tangible assets 

Note 7 
 
 Foreign exchange effects ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Goodwill acquired during the period (1) 
 Foreign exchange effects ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million of goodwill related to the Qterics, Inc. ("Qterics") acquisition. Refer to Note 21 for further information about this acquisition. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

years) 
 ) ) Customer relationships 
 - years) 
 ) ) Developed and core technology 
 - years) 
 ) ) Distribution rights years) 
 ) ) Patents years) 
 ) ) Trademarks and trade names 
 years) 
 ) ) Total intangible assets, net ) ) 
 (1) This table excludes the gross value of fully amortized intangible assets totaling million and million on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Amortization expense is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, except amortization expense related to capitalized software development costs, which is recorded in cost of sales. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total amortization expense 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 The remaining weighted average amortization period of our intangible assets at December 31, 2022 is years. 

Note 8 
 
 years, including any reasonably probable extensions. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Liabilities: Other accrued liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease obligations 
 Total lease liabilities 

Selling, general and administrative expenses Total operating lease expense Operating cash outflows from operating leases Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Non-cash release of operating lease obligations (1) 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2021, we were released from our guarantee of the lease obligation related to our Ohio call center which was sold in February 2020. 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not have any operating leases that had not yet commenced. 

61 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million at December 31, 2022, and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of approximately years. The buildings located on this land had a net book value of million at December 31, 2022 and are being depreciated over a remaining weighted average period of approximately years. 

Note 9 
 
 million revolving line of credit ("Credit Line") that expires on November 1, 2023. We expect to renew our credit agreement with U.S. Bank, for an additional , prior to its expiration. The Credit Line may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes including acquisitions, share repurchases and capital expenditures. Amounts available for borrowing under the Credit Line are reduced by the balance of any outstanding letters of credit, of which there were at December 31, 2022. 
 
 All obligations under the Credit Line are secured by substantially all of our U.S. personal property and tangible and intangible assets, as well as a guaranty of the Credit Line by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Universal Electronics BV. 
 
 Under the Second Amended Credit Agreement, we may elect to pay interest on the Credit Line based on LIBOR plus an applicable margin (varying from to or base rate (based on the prime rate of U.S. Bank or as otherwise specified in the Second Amended Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin (varying from to ). The applicable margins are calculated quarterly and vary based on our cash flow leverage ratio as set forth in the Second Amended Credit Agreement. The interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. There are commitment fees or unused line fees under the Second Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 On December 31, 2021, the process of cessation of LIBOR as a reference rate began. Between December 31, 2021 and June 30, 2023, any borrowings under our existing Second Amended Credit Agreement may continue to use LIBOR as the basis for interest rates. If the Second Amended Credit Agreement is amended or replaced during this period, any borrowings will no longer use LIBOR as a reference rate and instead will be subject to an interest rate based on either the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is deemed a replacement benchmark for LIBOR under the Second Amended Credit Agreement, or an alternate index to be agreed upon. After June 30, 2023, all borrowings will be based on SOFR or the alternate index. 
 
 The Second Amended Credit Agreement includes financial covenants requiring a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum cash flow leverage ratio. In addition, the Second Amended Credit Agreement contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants and conditions of the Second Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had million outstanding under the Credit Line. Our total interest expense on borrowings was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 10 ) ) Foreign operations Total pre-tax income (loss) 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

) State and local ) Foreign Total current Deferred tax (benefit) expense: U.S. federal State and local Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 
 Accounts receivable Amortization of intangible assets Capitalized inventory costs Capitalized research development costs Depreciation Income tax credits Inventory reserves Net operating losses Operating lease obligations Stock-based compensation Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Accrued liabilities ) Accounts receivable ) Right of use assets ) ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Increase (decrease) in tax provision resulting from: Distribution of previously taxed foreign earnings and profits ) Federal research and development credits ) ) ) Foreign permanent benefit ) ) ) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) Foreign undistributed earnings, net of credits Liquidation of Cayman subsidiary Non-deductible items Non-territorial income ) ) ) Provision to return ) ) ) Sale of Argentina subsidiary Sale of intangible asset ) State and local taxes, net ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Tax rate change ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) Valuation allowance Withholding tax Other ) Tax provision 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had federal and state Research and Development ("R D") income tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. The federal R D income tax credits begin expiring in 2039. The state R D income tax credits do not have an expiration date. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had state and local and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. The state and local and foreign net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2023 and 2027, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we assessed the realizability of the Company's deferred tax assets by considering whether it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, tax planning strategies and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. Due to cumulative operating losses for the three years ended in 2022, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets of million and million, respectively, as we have determined that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will not be realized in the future. The valuation allowance increased by million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have an overall deferred tax liability for U.S. federal and state jurisdictions due to having indefinite lived deferred tax liabilities that cannot be used as a source of income to offset the deferred tax assets. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million and million, respectively, including interest and penalties. In accordance with accounting guidance, we have elected to classify interest and penalties as components of tax expense. Interest and penalties were for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Interest and penalties are included in the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Additions as a result of tax provisions taken during the current year Foreign currency translation ) Lapse in statute of limitations ) Settlements ) Other ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Approximately million, million and million of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, if not for the federal and state valuation allowance, would affect the annual effective tax rate, if recognized. We are unaware of any positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase within the next twelve months. We do not anticipate a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months based on federal, state, and foreign statute expirations in various jurisdictions. We have classified uncertain tax positions as non-current income tax liabilities unless expected to be paid within one year. 
 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. jurisdiction and in various state and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, the open statutes of limitations for our significant tax jurisdictions are as follows: U.S. federal for 2019 through 2021, state and local for 2018 through 2021, and non-U.S. for 2016 through 2021. 
 
 Indefinite Reinvestment Assertion 
 
 Beginning in 2018, the Tax Act generally provides a 100 federal deduction for dividends received from foreign subsidiaries. Nevertheless, companies must still apply the guidance of ASC Topic 740 to account for the tax consequences of outside basis differences and other tax impacts of their investments in foreign subsidiaries, including potential foreign withholding taxes on distributions. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded a deferred tax liability of million, million and million, respectively, relating to state tax and foreign tax withholding liabilities on future distributions. 
 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act 
 
 On March 27, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security ("CARES") Act was signed into law. The CARES Act provides economic stimulus and relief to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and includes provisions addressing the carryback of net operating losses for specific periods, refunds of alternative minimum tax credits, temporary modifications to limitations placed on the tax deductibility of net interest expenses, and technical amendments for qualified improvement property. Additionally, the CARES Act provides for refundable employee retention tax credits and the deferral of the employer-paid portion of Social Security taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the Company's income tax provision was not significantly impacted by the CARES Act. The Company will continue to closely monitor any effects from future legislation. 
 
 CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 
 
 On August 9, 2022, the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 ("CHIPS Act") was enacted in the United States. The CHIPS Act will provide financial incentives to the semiconductor industry which are primarily directed at manufacturing activities within the United States for the qualifying property placed in service after December 31, 2022. As we currently outsource our manufacturing, the CHIPS Act is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated tax provision for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA") was signed into law on August 16, 2022. The bill was meant to address the high inflation rate in the United States through various climate, energy, healthcare and other incentives. These incentives are meant to be paid for by the tax provisions included in the IRA, such as a new 15 percent corporate minimum tax, a 1 percent new 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 11 
 
 indemnification period. In June 2020, the indemnification period expired and we determined we were no longer legally liable for any liabilities associated with our Guangzhou entity. Accordingly, we reversed the accrued social insurance by the amount associated with the Guangzhou entity, which was approximately million. 
 
 Accrued commission Accrued salary/wages Accrued social insurance (1) 
 Accrued vacation/holiday Other accrued compensation Total accrued compensation 
 (1) PRC employers are required by law to remit the applicable social insurance payments to their local government. Social insurance is comprised of various components such as pension, medical insurance, job injury insurance, unemployment insurance, and a housing assistance fund, and is administered in a manner similar to social security in the United States. This amount represents our estimate of the amounts due to the PRC government for social insurance on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Note 12 
 Duties Expense associated with fulfilled performance obligations Freight and handling fees Interest Operating lease obligations Product warranty claim costs Professional fees Sales and value added taxes Other Total other accrued liabilities 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 13 
 
 Accruals for warranties issued during the period Settlements (in cash or in kind) during the period ) ) ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Litigation 
 
 Roku Matters 
 
 2018 Lawsuit 
 
 On September 5, 2018, we filed a lawsuit against Roku, Inc. ("Roku") in the United States District Court, Central District of California, alleging that Roku is willfully infringing of our patents that are in patent families related to remote control set-up and touchscreen remotes. On December 5, 2018, we amended our complaint to add additional details supporting our infringement and willfulness allegations. We have alleged that this complaint relates to multiple Roku streaming players and components therefor and certain universal control devices, including but not limited to the Roku App, Roku TV, Roku Express, Roku Streaming Stick, Roku Ultra, Roku Premiere, Roku 4, Roku 3, Roku 2, Roku Enhanced Remote and any other Roku product that provides for the remote control of an external device such as a TV, audiovisual receiver, sound bar or Roku TV Wireless Speakers. In October 2019, the Court stayed this lawsuit pending action by the Patent Trial and Appeals Board (the "PTAB") with respect to Roku's requests for Inter Partes Review ("IPR") (see discussion below). This lawsuit continues to be stayed until such time as the IPR's and all appeals with respect to them have concluded. 
 
 International Trade Commission Investigation of Roku, TCL, Hisense and Funai 
 
 On April 16, 2020, we filed a complaint with the International Trade Commission (the "ITC") against Roku, TCL Electronics Holding Limited and related entities (collectively, "TCL"), Hisense Co., Ltd. and related entities (collectively, "Hisense"), and Funai Electric Company, Ltd. and related entities (collectively, "Funai") claiming that certain of their televisions, set-top boxes, remote control devices, human interface devices, streaming devices, and sound bars infringe certain of our patents. We asked the ITC to issue a permanent limited exclusion order prohibiting the importation of these infringing products into the United 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of our patents and TCL, Hisense, and Funai are willfully infringing of our patents by incorporating our patented technology into certain of their televisions, set-top boxes, remote control devices, human interface devices, streaming devices and sound bars. These matters have been and continue to be stayed pending the ITC case and any appeals. 
 
 Inter Partes Reviews 
 
 Throughout these litigation matters against Roku and the others identified above, Roku has filed multiple IPR requests with the PTAB on all patents at issue in the 2018 Lawsuit, the ITC Action, and the 2020 Lawsuit (see discussion above). To date, the PTAB has denied Roku's request times and granted Roku's request times. Roku has since filed IPRs on of our patents not yet asserted against it, and we are awaiting the PTAB's institution decision with respect to those new IPR requests. Of the IPR requests granted by the PTAB, the results were mixed, with the PTAB upholding the validity of many of our patent claims and invalidating others. We have appealed all but PTAB decisi on that resulted i n an invalidation of our patent claims and we will continue to do so. 
 
 International Trade Commission Investigation Request made by Roku against UEI and certain UEI Customers 
 
 On April 8, 2021, Roku made a request to the ITC to initiate an investigation against us and certain of our customers claiming that certain of our and those customers' remote control devices and televisions infringe of Roku's recently acquired patents, the '511 patent and the '875 patent. On May 10, 2021, the ITC announced its decision to institute the requested investigation. Immediately prior to trial Roku stipulated to summary determination as to its complaint against us and of our customers with respect to of the patents at issue. This stipulation resulted in the complaint against us and of our customers with respect to that patent not going to trial. The trial was thus shortened and ended on January 24, 2022. On June 24, 2022, the ALJ, pursuant to Roku's stipulation, found the '511 patent invalid as indefinite. Thereafter, on June 28, 2022, the ALJ issued an ID fully exonerating us and our customers finding the '875 patent invalid and that Roku failed to prove it established the requisite domestic industry and thus no violation of the Tariff Act. In advance of the full Commission's review, Roku and we filed petitions to appeal certain portions of the ID. In addition, the PTAB granted our request for an IPR with respect to the '875 patent. On October 28, 2022, the full ITC issued its final determination affirming the ID, ruling there was no violation of the Tariff Act and terminated the investigation. In December 2022, Roku filed an appeal, which remains pending. As a companion to its ITC request, Roku also filed a lawsuit against us in Federal District Court in the Central District of California alleging that we are infringing the same patents they alleged being infringed in the ITC investigation explained above. This District Court case has been stayed pending the ITC case, and will likely continue to be stayed pending the conclusion of the '875 IPR investigation, even after Roku's appeal of the ITC case has concluded. 
 
 Court of International Trade Action against the United States of America, et. al. 
 
 On October 9, 2020, we and our subsidiaries, Ecolink Intelligent Technology, Inc. ("Ecolink") and RCS Technology, LLC ("RCS"), filed an amended complaint (20-cv-00670) in the Court of International Trade (the "CIT") against the United States of America; the Office of the United States Trade Representative; Robert E. Lighthizer, U.S. Trade Representative; U.S. Customs Border Protection; and Mark A. Morgan, U.S. Customs Border Protection Acting Commissioner, challenging both the 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

percent of our India subsidiary employees had qualified for eligibility. An individual must be employed by our India subsidiary for a minimum of before becoming eligible. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

days salary for each full year of service completed. The total amount of liability outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the India Plan was not material. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the net periodic benefit costs were also not material. 

Note 14 
 
 shares of our common stock until the Program's expiration on May 5, 2022. Per the terms of the February 2022 Program, we could utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, including open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated share repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, some or all of which could be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. As of May 2, 2022, we repurchased the full shares under the February 2022 Program. 
 
 We also repurchase shares of our issued and outstanding common stock to satisfy the cost of stock option exercises and/or income tax withholding obligations relating to the stock-based compensation of our employees and directors. 
 
 Stock-based compensation related shares repurchased Total shares repurchased Cost of open market shares repurchased Cost of stock-based compensation related shares repurchased Total cost of shares repurchased 

Note 15 

Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses: Employees 
 Outside directors 
 Total employee and director stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected life in years 
 
 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited/canceled/expired ) Outstanding at end of the year (1) 
 Vested and expected to vest at the end of the year (1) 
 Exercisable at the end of the year (1) 

The value of shares withheld in lieu of receiving cash from option exercises in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Cash received from option exercises for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. There was cash received from option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. The actual tax benefit realized from option exercises was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 to 
 to 
 to 

As of December 31, 2022, we expect to recognize million of total unrecognized pre-tax stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock options over a remaining weighted-average life of years. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of our common stock, in connection with the 2022 annual review cycle. The options were granted as part of the executive compensation program and are subject to a vesting period on February 9, 2024 and each quarter thereafter). The total grant date fair value of these awards was million. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Non-vested at end of the year 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expect to recognize million of total unrecognized pre-tax stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards over a weighted-average life of years. 
 
 In February 2023, certain executives were granted restricted stock awards, in the aggregate, in connection with the 2022 annual review cycle. These awards were granted as part of the executive compensation program and are subject to a vesting period on February 9, 2024 and each quarter thereafter). The total grant date fair value of these awards was million. 
 
 Stock Incentive Plans 
 
 Our active stock-based incentive plans include those adopted in 2010, 2014 and 2018 ("Stock Incentive Plans"). Under the Stock Incentive Plans, we may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance stock units, or any combination thereof for a period of from the approval date of each respective plan, unless the plan is terminated by resolution of our Board of Directors. stock appreciation rights or performance stock units have been awarded under our Stock Incentive Plans. Only directors and employees meeting certain employment qualifications are eligible to receive stock-based awards. 
 
 The grant price of stock option and restricted stock awards granted under our Stock Incentive Plans is the average of the high and low trades of our stock on the grant date. We prohibit the re-pricing or backdating of stock options. Our stock options become exercisable in various proportions over a time frame. Stock options have a maximum term. Restricted stock awards vest in various proportions over a one - to time period. 
 
 2014 Stock Incentive Plan 6/12/2014 2018 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (1) 
 6/4/2018 
 (1) The 2018 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan was amended in June 2021 to add an additional shares, as approved by our stockholders. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 16 
 
 per share. At December 31, 2022, of these warrants were vested and outstanding. All of the warrants expired on January 1, 2023. 
 
 ) Income tax benefit ) 
 (1) At December 31, 2021, Comcast did not meet the minimum performance obligations to vest in any portion of the warrants associated with the vesting period ended December 31, 2021. As such, all previously recorded expenses associated with this vesting period were reversed. 

Note 17 ) Net gain (loss) on foreign currency exchange transactions ) ) Other income (expense) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) 
 (1) This represents the gains (losses) incurred on foreign currency hedging derivatives. See Note 19 for further information concerning our foreign currency exchange contracts. 
 
 On September 7, 2021, we completed the sale of our subsidiary, One For All Argentina S.R.L, to an unrelated party, recording a loss on sale of million. Upon divestiture, the successor entity, OFA Express S.R.L., serves as an authorized distributor of certain of our products in Argentina. OFA Express, S.R.L. is not a related party of the Company. 

Note 18 
 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share DILUTED Net income Weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic Dilutive effect of stock options, restricted stock and common stock warrants Weighted-average common shares outstanding on a diluted basis Diluted earnings per share 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Restricted stock awards Performance-based warrants 

Note 19 
 
 ) ) 
 
 We held foreign currency exchange contracts which resulted in a net pre-tax loss of million, a net pre-tax gain of million, and a net pre-tax loss of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 17 for further information concerning our foreign currency exchange contracts. 
 
 ) January 6, 2023 December 31, 2022 USD/Chinese Yuan Renminbi CNY January 6, 2023 December 31, 2021 USD/Chinese Yuan Renminbi CNY January 7, 2022 December 31, 2021 USD/Euro USD ) January 7, 2022 
 (1) Unrealized gains on foreign currency exchange contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets. Unrealized losses on foreign currency exchange contracts are recorded in other accrued liabilities. 

Note 20 
 
 of the participants' contributions up to of their gross salary in the form of newly issued shares of our common stock. We may also make other discretionary contributions to the plan. We recorded million, million and million of expense for company contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 21 
 
 million. The acquisition of these assets will allow us to expand our customer base in the OEM market. 
 
 Our consolidated income statement for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes net sales of million and net income of thousand, attributable to Qterics for the period commencing on February 17, 2022. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Property, plant and equipment years Customer relationships years Developed technology years Trade names years Goodwill Operating lease ROU assets years Other assets Other accrued liabilities ) Short-term operating lease obligation ) Deferred revenue ) Long-term operating lease obligation ) Long-term deferred revenue ) Cash paid 
 
 Management's determination of the fair value of intangible assets acquired are based primarily on significant inputs not observable in an active market and thus represent Level 3 fair value measurements as defined under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 The fair value assigned to the Qterics developed technology and trade names intangible assets were determined utilizing a relief from royalty method. Under the relief from royalty method, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated to be the present value of the royalties saved because the company owns the intangible asset. Revenue projections and estimated useful life were significant inputs into estimating the value of the Qterics developed technology and trade names. 
 
 The fair value assigned to Qterics customer relationships intangible assets were determined utilizing a multi-period excess earnings approach. Under the multi-period excess earnings approach, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated to be the present value of future earnings attributable to the asset and utilizes revenue and cost projections, including an assumed contributory asset charge. 
 
 The developed technology, trade names and customer relationships intangible assets are expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Pro Forma Results (unaudited) 
 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information of combined results of our operations and the operations of Qterics as if the transaction had occurred on January 1, 2021, is immaterially different from the net sales, net income and income per share amounts reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) defines "disclosure controls and procedures" to mean controls and procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. The definition further states that disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on our evaluation under this framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its attestation report which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Universal Electronics Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Universal Electronics Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Newport Beach, California 
 March 8, 2023 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K with respect to our directors will be contained in and is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. Information regarding executive officers of the Company is set forth in Part I of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Code of Conduct. We have adopted a code of conduct that applies to all of our employees, including without limitation our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of the Code of Conduct is included as Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 filed on March 14, 2004 (File No. 0-21044). The Code of Conduct is also available on our website, www.uei.com under the caption "Governance" and then "Committee composition, documents and confidential" on the Investor page. We will post on our website information regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, any provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer. 
 
 Information required by Items 405 and 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K will be contained in and is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K will be contained in and is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K will be contained in and is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 
 The following summarizes our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 782,325 44.16 777,152 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 782,325 44.16 777,152 
 
 See "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA- Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 15" for a description of each of our stock incentive plans. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K will be contained in and is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required by this item will be contained in and is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 
 We include this portion of ITEM 15 under ITEM 8 of this Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 We include the financial statement schedules required by the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC in the notes to our consolidated financial statements and incorporate that information in this ITEM 15 by reference. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 Any stockholder who would like a copy of any of the exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index in this Report may obtain one from us upon request at a charge that reflects the reproduction cost of such Exhibits. Requests should be made to the Secretary, 15147 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite H300, Scottsdale, Arizona 85254. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Document Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Universal Electronics Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form S-1 Registration filed on or about December 24, 1992 (File No. 33-56358)) (paper file) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Universal Electronics Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995 filed on April 1, 1996 (File No. 0-21044)) (paper file) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Universal Electronics Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed on March 13, 2018 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 3.4 Amended and Restated By-laws of Universal Electronics Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed on March 13, 2018 (File No.0-21044)) 
 4.1 Article Eighth of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, contains certain provisions restricting business combinations with interested stockholders under certain circumstances and imposing higher voting requirements for the approval of certain transactions unless the transaction has been approved by two-thirds of the disinterested directors or fair price provisions have been met. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995 filed on April 1, 1996 (File No. 0-21044)) (paper file) 4.2 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated March 9, 2016 between Universal Electronics Inc. and Comcast Corporation (incorporated by references to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9, 2016 filed on March 9, 2016 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 4.3 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on March 16, 2020 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.1 Form of Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Universal Electronics Inc. and certain employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997, filed on March 30, 1998 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.2 Form of Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Universal Electronics Inc. and certain employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997, filed on March 30, 1998 (File No. 0-21044)) (paper file) 10.3 Form of Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Universal Electronics Inc. and certain employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 filed on March 30, 2000 (File No. 0-21044)) (paper file) 10.4 Form of Executive Officer Employment Agreement dated April 23, 2003 by and between Universal Electronics Inc. and Paul D. Arling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 filed on March 14, 2004 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreements, dated as of January 2, 2007 between the Company and each director and certain officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 filed on March 16, 2007 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.6 Security Agreement dated November 1, 2010 from Universal Electronics Inc. to U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 filed on March 16, 2011 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.7 Universal Electronics Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on April 30, 2010 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.8 Form of Option Agreement used in connection with the Universal Electronics Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 5, 2011 (File No. 333-175345)) 
 10.9 Form of Second Amendment to Executive Officer Employment Agreement dated February 29, 2008 by and between Universal Electronics Inc. and Paul D. Arling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 filed on March 14, 2013 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Document Description 10.10 Universal Electronics Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 12, 2014 (File No. 333-198083)) 
 10.11 Form of Option Agreement used in connection with the Universal Electronics Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 12, 2014 (File No. 333-198083)) 
 10.12 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 27, 2017 between Universal Electronics Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed on March 13, 2018 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.13 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 4, 2018 between Universal Electronics Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated in reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 filed on August 8, 2018 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.14 Universal Electronics Inc. 2018 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on September 26, 2018 (File No. 333-227594)) 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2018 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 filed on August 8, 2018 (File No. 0-21044) 
 10.16 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 filed on August 8, 2018 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.17 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27, 2018 filed on January 3, 2019 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.18 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on March 5, 2021 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.19 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on March 5, 2021 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.20 First Amendment to Universal Electronics Inc. 2018 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 5, 2021 (File No. 333-258488)) 
 10.21 Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2021 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.22 Termination of Pledge Agreement dated October 25, 2021 between UEI Hong Kong Private Limited and Enson Assets Limited to U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2021 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 10.23 Continuing Guaranty dated October 25, 2021 between Universal Electronics BV and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2021 (File No. 0-21044)) 
 14.1 Code of Conduct (filed herewith) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith) 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith) 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (filed as part of the signature page hereto) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Document Description 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer (furnished herewith) 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) (furnished herewith) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement identified pursuant to Items 15(a)(3) and 15(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Scottsdale, State of Arizona. 
 
 UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. By: /s/ Paul D. Arling Paul D. Arling Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 8, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul D. Arling and Bryan M. Hackworth as true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, with full powers of substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or may do in person, thereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 NAME TITLE SIGNATURE DATE Paul D. Arling 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 
 /s/ Paul D. Arling March 8, 2023 Bryan M. Hackworth 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 /s/ Bryan M. Hackworth March 8, 2023 Satjiv S. Chahil 
 Director 
 /s/ Satjiv S. Chahil March 8, 2023 Sue Ann R. Hamilton 
 Director 
 /s/ Sue Ann R. Hamilton March 8, 2023 William C. Mulligan 
 Director 
 /s/ William C. Mulligan March 8, 2023 Romulo C. Pontual 
 Director 
 /s/ Romulo C. Pontual March 8, 2023 Carl E. Vogel 
 Director 
 /s/ Carl E. Vogel March 8, 2023 Edward K. Zinser 
 Director 
 /s/ Edward K. Zinser March 8, 2023 
 
 83 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 a10k20221231-ex141.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 

Exhibit 14.1 

CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
 Letter from Paul D. Arling Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 To our employees 
 
 The success of Universal Electronics is built on our reputation for integrity and excellence, not just of our products, but also on the way in which we conduct ourselves. We share and uphold a common set of ethical values and objectives, the core of which is our commitment to doing the right thing, even though it may not be popular. 
 
 The business environment has never been more challenging or complex, particularly for a company like ours which does business all around the world. Now more than ever, each of us needs to understand our individual responsibility for complying with legal requirements and upholding the highest ethical standards. To help guide us in this endeavor, the Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Conduct with which we must all comply me, you, and every one of our directors, officers, and employees around the world. 
 
 The Code provides each of us with a basic guide to certain precepts and practices that are critical to our ability to be a productive company, operating within the law s requirements and with respect for one another. It does not, however, cover all the situations in which our principles may be called into questions. But if we always put integrity and truthfulness first, we will come through with flying colors. 
 
 Please read the Code carefully. Compliance with its provisions is critical to our success. Sincerely, 
 
 Paul D. Arling 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 1 

UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC. CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
 I. APPLICATION OF THE CODE AND THE COMPANY S POLICIES 
 
 The Board of Directors of Universal Electronics Inc. has adopted the following Code of Conduct as part of its commitment to integrity, honesty, and compliance with law and with the highest standards of ethical conduct. This Code of Conduct sets forth certain basic rules regarding the way in which all UEI directors, officers, and employees must conduct themselves. It also provides guidance as to how to recognize certain ethical and legal issues and how to resolve them in conducting the Company s business. The Code also provides means of reporting unethical conduct that violates this Code. The Code cannot and is not intended to cover every legal and ethical issue that may arise. If you do not know what to do about a problem or are not sure how the requirements of the Code apply, you should consult your supervisor, or seek assistance from one of the persons or departments listed in the Code of Conduct Handbook. You should use good common sense and judgment in handling problems not specifically addressed in the Code, always resolving issues by complying with legal and ethical requirements. If any provision of the Code shall be in conflict with local labor laws and rules, the local labor laws and rules shall take precedence. In such a situation, you should contact the Company s General Counsel (see contact information at the end of the Code) to determine how such a potential conflict should be resolved. 
 
 All complaints will be investigated, and prompt appropriate corrective action, including, when warranted, disciplinary action, will be taken. 
 
 The Company guarantees that no Employee who in good faith makes a complaint or reports a violation or suspected violation of the Code of Conduct pursuant to these procedures will be penalized in any manner for providing such information. 
 
 II. FAIR DEALING 
 
 UEI is committed to dealing with its employees, customers, vendors, competitors and others with whom we work, with fairness, respect and integrity. Relationships forged through fairness and integrity provide keys to the Company s success. No one should take unfair advantage of another through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or through any other unfair-dealing practice. Fair dealing also prohibits taking advantage of or otherwise improperly using someone else s property, including intellectual property. 
 
 All positions with the Company are positions of trust and confidence, and the Company expects all employees to be scrupulous in all dealings with the Company. 
 
 The Company expects all employees to cooperate in any reasonable investigation conducted by the Company. 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 2 

Doing Business with Suppliers and Consultants and Related Party Business Dealings 
 
 Purchasing decisions should be based on the best combination of quality, integrity, service, delivery, and price. Personal relationships should not be the basis for the purchase of goods or services. You must notify your manager and the Legal Department of any business relationship or proposed business transaction the Company may have with any person or entity in which you or anyone related to you has a direct or indirect interest or from which you or anyone related to you may derive a benefit or where anyone related to you is employed. Any such business relationship must first be approved in writing by an Executive Officer of the Company in consultation with the Company s Legal Department. This requirement generally does not apply if the related party interest exists solely as a result of your ownership, directly and indirectly, of less than 5 of the outstanding publicly traded equity securities of such related party. 
 
 Dealing with Customers 
 
 Employees must always be truthful and clear with customers about the terms of transactions. The Company provides certain warranties with respect to its products. These warranties are the only ones that Employees can offer to customers. Employees shall use their best efforts to follow the general guidelines provided by the Company and negotiate as much as they possibly could to reach terms which are fair and reasonable to the Company. 
 
 Charitable Contributions 
 
 Periodically, Employees may receive requests for corporate contributions from charities and other non-profit organizations. The Company is committed to being a good corporate citizen. All such requests should be referred to the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 III. ACCURATE FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND DISCLOSURES 
 
 Keeping Accurate Financial Records 
 
 The Company s financial records and the financial statements that we release to the public in accordance with legal and stock market requirements must always be full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable. Besides being required by law, UEI s credibility and reputation for honesty depend on it. The Company s ability to make accurate and timely disclosures to the public that are required by law depends on accurate and complete financial records. 
 
 Therefore, it is very important that all accounting entries, as well as all information on which those entries are based, be correct and complete. Accounting entries must be made in accordance with appropriate accounting standards, and proper records supporting accounting entries must be maintained. Any Employee who becomes aware of inaccurate or uncorrected accounting entries should report the matter in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Code of Conduct. 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 3 

Accurate Disclosures 
 
 The Company s stock price depends on the information that the investing public has available. The law and stock market rules require full, fair, accurate, timely, and often detailed reporting of information that could influence investors and impact the Company s stock price. The Company is committed to fulfilling its responsibilities for full, fair, accurate, and timely disclosures as required by law and stock market rules. No Employee may do anything that would violate these responsibilities or interfere with their proper execution. You must immediately report to your supervisor any event or development that you believe could affect the value of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Company Spokesperson 
 
 Only a limited number of senior officers are authorized to discuss UEI s historical or expected financial performance and other material developments. To avoid confusion to the public, any inquiries or requests from the press, media, financial community or the general public about the Company or its subsidiaries must be referred to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, or Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 IV.COMPLIANCE WITH LAW 
 
 Compliance and Questions about the Law 
 
 At UEI, we are committed to operating our business in compliance with the laws and government rules and regulations of the countries, states, and localities in which we operate. Compliance with law forms a basic part of the Company s integrity as a business enterprise. If you have questions about the law, including the seven areas of the law briefly highlighted in this Code, please contact the Company s General Counsel. 
 
 Insider Trading 
 
 It is illegal to trade in the Company s securities, including its common stock, on the basis of material inside information. Inside information is information about which you have knowledge, but which is not yet known to the public. You must keep all such inside information confidential until such time as the inside information becomes publicly known. Examples of inside information include, but are not limited to, financial forecasts, interim sales and earning numbers, dividend changes, possible mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, new product innovations, major litigation developments, and significant changes in business strategy. 
 
 Information is considered material if, when disclosed to the public, it could either affect an investor s decision to buy the Company s stock or otherwise have an impact on the Company s stock price. The prohibitions on insider trading apply to all Employees, regardless of their jobs in the Company and regardless of where or how they may have obtained the inside information. Even after information has become public, you can still not trade in Company securities until it has had time to become generally known in the securities markets. Two full business days after something has become public through a press release or filing with the 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 4 

Securities Exchange Commission, for example, should elapse before you can trade based on that information. 
 
 Besides being illegal to trade in Company securities based on inside information, it is also illegal to pass inside information on to others, including family and friends. The penalties for violating the insider trading laws are severe. You should be sure to read the Company s policy on insider trading. If you have any questions about the confidentiality of any inside information or whether you might violate the Company s policies on confidentiality, the Code of Conduct, or its Insider Trading Policy, or otherwise violate the insider trading laws, you should consult the General Counsel. 
 
 Stock Tipping 
 
 Our commitment to integrity requires that we not disclose non-public information to anyone outside the Company. To avoid giving anyone an illegal stock trading advantage, we must each be careful when discussing the Company s business with individuals outside the Company, including family and friends. 
 
 There may also be instances when you or another Employee become aware of non-public information about another company with which UEI does business or is seeking to do business. Consistent with our commitment to integrity, you may not use non-public information as the basis to buy or sell stock or other securities of that company, nor may you pass the information to anyone else for the purpose of trading in that company s stock. 
 
 Bribes and Kickbacks 
 
 At all times we must conduct the Company s business in an honest, ethical fashion. Bribes and payoffs to government officials, suppliers, and others are strictly prohibited. Kickbacks, which are situations in which an Employee receives or gives something in return for business or for making certain business decisions, are strictly prohibited. 
 
 Political Contributions 
 
 The laws of the United States and other countries may prohibit or restrict contributions by a corporation to political parties or candidates. No Company funds or other assets may be contributed, used, or loaned, directly or indirectly, to any political party or for the campaign of any person for political office. 
 
 In addition, no Employee, regardless of his or her position in the Company, may suggest or otherwise place pressure on another Employee or member of an Employee s family to make contributions in the Employee s own name. If you have a question about the law on political contributions, contact the General Counsel. 
 
 International Business and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 
 Even though UEI is based in the United States, it is imperative that all of us comply with laws 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 5 

and regulations in the other countries in which the Company does business. In addition to the laws of other countries, there are special laws and regulations which apply to the import and export of products and technical data. The Company s General Counsel can provide Employees with information about the laws of other countries. 
 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits Employees from offering or paying any money or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign government official, foreign political party or its officials, or candidate for public office, for the purpose of improperly obtaining or maintaining business or influencing governmental action favorable to the company. Prohibited payments of this nature include consulting, broker s, finder s or other fees paid to third parties where there is reason to believe that any part of such fees will be distributed to, or for the benefit of, foreign officials or political parties for those improper objectives. Examples of prohibited transactions also include split invoicing, which is an attempt to permit a customer to pay lower import duties, as well as over invoicing which is intended to enable a customer to take payments improperly outside of her or his country. 
 
 Antitrust Laws 
 
 The antitrust laws prohibit competitors, customers, and vendors from making agreements or having understandings that interfere with fair competition in the marketplace or that could result in price fixing. Employees may not conduct any business that violates the antitrust laws of the U.S., any state, any foreign country, or any other international body. 
 
 The antitrust laws can be very complicated, but these are some examples of conduct that would violate the law 
 
 Agreements among competitors to set prices, terms or conditions of sale, production, distribution, territories, or customers. 
 Control of the resale pricing of any of the Company s products. 
 Providing competitors with any competitive information, such as details of prices, terms or conditions of sale that could be viewed as anticompetitive. 
 
 Dealing with Government Agencies 
 
 Employees must follow all regulatory requirements that relate to the development, manufacture, or distribution of the Company s products and the provision of the Company s services. It is in all of our best interests to maintain honest and direct relationships when dealing with government agencies. 
 
 Periodically, government inspectors may request information during inspections of facilities. To determine whether requests are appropriate, always contact the General Counsel if there is an information request from a government agency. You should always cooperate with and be courteous to government inspectors and provide them with the information they request during an inspection that they are entitled to under applicable law. 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 6 

V. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 The success of our Company, the value we produce for shareholders and our jobs depend on putting the Company s interests first when we do business. A conflict of interest arises when an individual s private interests, including personal benefits that accrue because of an Employee s position with the Company, interfere with the Company s interests as a whole. Conflicts can also arise when a member of an Employee s family receives personal or business benefits as a result of the Employee s position at the Company. The Company has implemented restrictions with regard to Related Party Transactions, which are generally defined as transactions (including acting as a vendor or service provider to the Company) between the Company and any director or director nominee, employee, holder of more than five percent (5 of the Company s common stock, and any one related to the aforementioned individuals. Employees should consult the Company s Related Party Transaction Policy or contact the Company s Legal Department if they have questions regarding the applicability of such related party transaction restrictions. 
 
 Each of us must avoid conflicts, as well as the appearance of conflicts. Employees must exercise common sense and judgment to avoid conflicts. Judgment also involves asking your supervisor or the Company s Legal Department how to handle a situation if you think you might have a conflict of interest. 
 
 If you feel that an Employee has a conflict of interest that your supervisor has failed to address, you should report it as indicated at the end of this Code in the section entitled Procedures for Reporting Complaints. The following are some specific examples of conflict situations that can commonly arise. 
 
 Corporate Opportunities 
 
 Any business opportunities that we see as a result of working on UEI s behalf must be used for the Company s benefit. You may not 
 
 Take for yourself or for your personal gain opportunities that you discover or learn about through the use of corporate property or information or your position or 
 Use your position in the Company or the Company s property or information for personal gain. 
 
 These prohibitions also apply to using Company opportunities, property, information, or position for the personal benefit of family members, friends, or organizations outside of the Company. 
 
 Hiring and Supervising Friends and Relatives 
 
 Our policy is to hire only the best, most qualified women and men. The Human Resources Department will assist Employees in determining qualifications for any position and in evaluating applicants for those positions. As a general matter, no relative, spouse or domestic partner, or significant other should be hired to work within the same departmental hierarchy in circumstances when the Employee has ultimate supervisory responsibility over the friend or relative being hired. Periodically, there may be sound business reasons for exceptions to this 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 7 

policy. Any exceptions must be approved by the Chief Executive Officer. Questions about possible conflicts of interest in hiring and work assignments should be directed to the Human Resources Department. 
 
 Loans to Employees 
 
 Loans by the Company to, or guarantees of obligations of, directors and executive officers and their families are prohibited. Company loans to other Employees are prohibited unless authorized by a recognized Company program. 

Competing with the Company and Outside Employment 
 
 Putting the Company s interests first also means not competing with the Company in any other business activities. Outside employment can never involve working for a competitor, customer, or supplier of the Company, and it can never involve working during the regular business hours your job as an Employee requires. 
 
 Being an Officer or Director of Another Company 
 
 No officer or employee of the Company should serve as an officer or director of a business corporation not affiliated with the Company and whose stock is publicly traded except with the permission of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Gifts and Entertainment 
 
 Sometimes custom in the business world involves being entertained for example, being taken to lunch or dinner, the theater, sporting events, etc. by people who do business or wish to do business with the Company. Similarly, there may be times when your position in the Company requires you to entertain people with whom UEI does or wants to do business. Business is often transacted in these situations, and at times Employees may be asked to represent the Company in certain situations hosted by others. 
 
 Employees should not accept gifts or non-business entertainment greater than USD 250 in value. Any gifts whose value exceeds USD 250 must in turn be given to the Company where it will be used for Company business. If non-business entertainment will exceed USD 250, the Employee should have explicit permission from his or her supervisor. Gratuities could be construed as bribes or kickbacks, and therefore Employees may never accept them. 
 
 When it is necessary to entertain others on behalf of the Company, the entertainment should be reasonable and in surroundings conducive to doing business. A substantial business discussion should take place during, before, or after the entertainment event. Before entertaining others, Employees should have clear permission from their supervisors to do so. 
 
 Any business entertainment, whether the Employee is receiving or providing the entertainment, should be in a context that would not prove embarrassing to the Company. Generally, law or 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 8 

policy does not permit entertaining or giving gifts to government officials or employees. Employees should consult both their supervisor and the Company s General Counsel before providing such gifts or entertainment to ascertain their appropriateness and legality. 
 
 VI.PROTECTION AND USE OF COMPANY ASSETS 
 
 Company Property In General 
 
 All Employees should protect the Company s assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness, and waste have a direct impact on the Company s profitability and the value it produces. All Company assets should only be used for legitimate business purposes. 
 
 Company property includes both tangible and intangible property. Tangible property includes such items as computers, printers, manufacturing equipment, office supplies, inventories, cellular telephones, tablet computers, labor or log books, and written records of work in process. Intangible property refers to such things as trademarks, formulas, patents, copyrights, trademarks, secrets, and other intellectual property. 
 
 As a Company that manufactures and distributes high tech equipment, we often, as individuals or teams, create new ideas and intellectual property. Scientific discoveries, formulas, engineering plans, manufacturing specifications, computer codes and programs, publications, and manufacturing processes are just a few examples of property that is created through the work of our minds. Any intellectual property created as a result of work at UEI automatically becomes the Company s property. 
 
 Confidential and Proprietary Information 
 
 Certain information is confidential. Confidential information is often important to the Company s competitive advantage. It should neither be shared with anyone outside the Company nor provided to other Employees except on a need to know basis. The protection of the Company s confidential and proprietary information is essential to its continued success. This information is an important Company asset that requires the same protection as other Company assets. Confidential information includes, among other things, all non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or that could be harmful to the Company or its customers, if disclosed. On the rare occasion that it is necessary to provide confidential information for business purposes to persons outside the Company, it must be done only after consultation with the General Counsel and after a confidentiality agreement, provided by the General Counsel, is signed. 
 
 Confidentiality also requires that you not discuss confidential information about customers with other customers or with other Employees who have no need to know this information. You should treat all computer data as confidential, and you should protect computer data from use by any unauthorized person. 
 
 Nothing in this policy or elsewhere in the Handbook restricts a non-supervisory employee from discussing his or her wages, hours or working conditions with other employees or with third parties. The Company s concern regarding the potential improper use of confidential information 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 9 

is to protect the Company s intellectual property, trade secrets and other non-public information that would be competitively sensitive or useful to competitors, or which, if disclosed, would otherwise violate the rights of a third party. 
 
 Computers, Electronic Mail, and the Internet 
 
 The Company s computers, electronic mail, and internet connections are provided for the purpose of doing company business. However, Employees may occasionally use these tools for personal reasons as long as this use does not negatively affect their job performance and as long as they are not accessing inappropriate or offensive material. 
 
 All materials, including personal correspondence and electronic messages, on the Company s computers or voicemail constitute property of the Company. Therefore, they can be accessed and inspected by Company representatives when deemed appropriate by the Company. Employees should understand that they have no legitimate expectation of privacy when using the Company s email system, computers, or voicemails and other information systems. 
 
 VII. EMPLOYMENT AND WORKPLACE PRACTICES 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 
 The Company is committed to equal employment opportunities at all of its facilities worldwide, without regard to a person s race, color, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, marital status, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and gender expression, mental or physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, disabled or Vietnam veteran status, or based on denial of Family and Medical Care Leave, as all those terms are defined by law, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. 
 
 Harassment 
 
 UEI will not tolerate any kind of harassment or other inappropriate behavior on the part of Employees or those with whom we deal, regardless of whether the behavior is verbal or physical, flagrant or subtle. Harassment involves unwelcome verbal or physical conduct which has the effect of unreasonably interfering with an Employee s job performance or which creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive environment, and is severe and pervasive. This type of conduct is prohibited regardless of whether it occurs on or off company premises or whether it occurs in person or through the mail, e-mail, voicemail, or internet. 
 
 Any Employee who believes he or she has been subjected to, or has observed, harassment should promptly report it to the Human Resources Department, General Counsel or the CEO. 
 
 Safety in the Workplace 
 
 UEI emphasizes the importance of the health and safety of its Employees. Employees must follow all applicable occupational safety and health laws. In addition, every Employee should remain 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 10 

aware of safety risks in the workplace and should make efforts to reduce those risks when they might pose a threat to the Employee s or someone else s health or safety. Employees are not required to perform work that they reasonably feel will endanger their health or safety. Employees should consult the General Counsel or the Human Resources Department for additional advice about specific situations. 
 
 Alcohol and Drugs 
 
 Use of alcohol or certain drugs can impair productivity and pose a safety threat. Drugs, other than those prescribed by a physician, should not be used during working hours. Possessing, consuming, or being under the influence of alcohol on Company premises or on Company business is prohibited except when Company policy otherwise deems such possession or consumption appropriate and reasonable. For example, it may be appropriate to consume alcohol when entertaining customers or when there is a Company party, or to possess alcohol on Company premises when a bottle of wine or spirits is received as a gift and kept unopened in an office. Alcohol and drugs, whether or not prescribed by a physician, should never be used if there could be a threat to safety, if they could impair an Employee s judgment, or if using them could result in a violation of the law. Illegal drugs may never be used. 
 
 Privacy 
 
 To protect its interests, the Company may require investigations in which its representative may examine facilities, offices, computer files, electronic mail records, and other Company property. The Company reserves the right to make such investigations, even if searches of facilities, offices, and information stored on Company computers is involved. Records and files stored on Company computers are considered the property of UEI and, therefore, are not considered to be private matters. 
 
 Personal information about Employees will only be disclosed within the Company to persons or departments that require such information for business purposes. The Company will not disclose personal information about Employees to anyone outside the Company unless required to do so by law or at the request of the Employee . 
 
 Environmental Safety 
 
 The Company is committed to operating practices that are consistent with governmental requirements regarding the environment. Employees must comply with all applicable environmental laws and with all permits and approvals granted the Company by environmental regulatory authorities. Employees are encouraged to exercise good judgment with regard to the environmental impacts resulting from use of Company facilities, manufacturing processes, and waste disposal. 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 11 

VIII. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ADHERENCE TO THE STANDARDS OF CONDUCT 
 
 If, after investigation, the Company determines that an Employee has breached the provisions of this Code, the Employee will be subject to disciplinary procedures which may include termination of his or her employment. 
 
 IX.PROMPT REPORTING OF COMPLAINTS AND PROBLEMS 
 
 Ethical conduct is every Employee s business. Breaches of ethical conduct harm UEI and its working environment, and thus they harm all of us. You should report promptly any breaches or suspected breaches of this Code so that they can be investigated. 
 
 PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING COMPLAINTS 
 Any person may in good faith submit a complaint, report, or concern regarding accounting or auditing matters related to the Company or to any other violations of the Company s policies without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. The Company is committed to achieving compliance with all provisions of the Code, including compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, accounting standards, accounting controls and audit practices. 
 
 In order to facilitate reporting, the Company s Board of Directors has established the following procedures for any person to submit a good faith complaint, report, or concern regarding violations or suspected violations of the Company s Code of Conduct, including but not limited to any violation or suspected violation of accounting or auditing matters relating to the Company without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. 
 
 Receipt of Calls 
 
 Any person who knows of or who suspects violations of the Company s Code of Conduct, including but not limited to any violation or suspected violation of accounting or auditing matters relating to the Company, may report such concerns on a confidential or anonymous basis to the Audit Committee of the Company by calling the independent, toll-free Ethics Line established by the Company for that purpose. More detailed procedures for reporting violations and the telephone number of the toll-free Ethics Line are posted on the Company s website, www.uei.com . 
 
 Direct Correspondence with Non-Management Directors 
 
 The Ethics Line also may be used to raise on a direct and confidential basis concerns about the Company to the non-management directors of the Company. 
 
 Matters Covered by the Complaint Procedures 
 
 The Complaint Procedures relate to reports of violations or suspected violations of The Company s Code of Conduct (including violations of laws, rules, regulations and NASDAQ listing standards) 
 The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and 
 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 12 

Any other policy or procedure established by the Company. 
 
 Treatment of Complaints and Reports 
 
 The Company has retained a third party provider to accept, verify and log all calls received on the Ethics Line. The Company is EthicsPoint , and they may be reached via toll free telephone number 1-800-729-0177. A full list of international phone numbers are available on the Company s website. Upon receipt of a call, the third party provider will notify the Company s internal audit department, which will log the call and advise the Audit Committee of the call. The head of the internal audit department will then determine whether the call pertains to accounting or auditing matters or is a concern addressed to the non-management directors of the Company. Calls relating to accounting or auditing matters will be reviewed under Audit Committee direction and oversight by the internal audit department or such other persons as the Audit Committee determines to be appropriate. Calls relating to all other matters will be reviewed under Audit Committee direction and oversight by the Company s legal department or human resources department, as appropriate. If a call is intended for the non-management directors of the Company, the Audit Committee will inform the remaining non-management directors of the call and make the recording of the call available to them. Confidentiality with respect to all complaints, reports and concerns will be maintained by the third party provider, the Company, the Audit Committee and the non-management directors of the Company to the fullest extent possible, consistent with the need to conduct an adequate review. 
 
 All complaints will be investigated, and prompt appropriate corrective action will take place, including disciplinary action when warranted. 
 
 The Company guarantees that no Employee who in good faith makes a complaint or reports a violation or suspected violation of the Code of Conduct pursuant to these procedures will be penalized in any manner for providing such information. Any employee who believes he or she has been penalized or retaliated against for reporting a suspected violation of this Code of Conduct should immediately report his or her concern to the Ethics Line, General Counsel, or to the Human Resources Department, or to the Chief Executive Officer. 
 UEI Confidential - Revised March 26, 2018 - 13 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a10k20221231-ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Universal Electronics Inc. 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 C.G. Development Ltd. (organized under the laws of Hong Kong) 
 CG Mexico Distribution Co., S de R.L. de C.V. (organized under the laws of Mexico) 
 CG Mexico Remote Controls, S de R.L. de C.V. (organized under the laws of Mexico) 
 Ecolink Intelligent Technology, Inc. (organized under the laws of Delaware) 
 Enson Assets Ltd. (organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands) 
 Gemstar Polyfirst Ltd. (organized under the laws of Hong Kong) 
 Gemstar Technology (Qinzhou) Co. Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China) 
 Gemstar Technology (Yangzhou) Co. Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China) 
 Guangzhou Universal Electronics Service Co., Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China) 
 One For All France S.A.S. (organized under the laws of France) 
 One For All GmbH (organized under the laws of Germany) 
 One For All Iberia S.L. (organized under the laws of Spain) 
 One For All UK, Ltd. (organized under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
 Qinzhou Universal Trading Co. Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China) 
 UE Japan Ltd. (organized under the laws of Japan) 
 UE Korea Ltd. (organized under the laws of South Korea) 
 UE Singapore Pte. Ltd. (organized under the laws of the Republic of Singapore) 
 UE Vietnam Company Limited (organized under the laws of Vietnam) 
 UEI Electronics Pte. Ltd. (organized under the laws of India) 
 UEI Hong Kong Pte. Ltd. (organized under the laws of Hong Kong) 
 Universal Electronics B.V. (organized under the laws of the Netherlands) 
 Universal Electronics Italia S.R.L. (organized under the laws of Italy) 
 Universal Electronics Trading Co. Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China) 
 Universal Electronics Yangzhou Co. Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China) 
 Universal Electronics do Brasil Ltda. (organized under the laws of Brazil) 
 Yangzhou Universal Trading Co. Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a10k20221231-ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our reports dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Universal Electronics Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Universal Electronics Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-175345, File No. 333-198083, File No. 333-227594, and File No. 333-258488). 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Newport Beach, California 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a10k20221231-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications 
 I, Paul D. Arling, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Universal Electronics Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 
 s Paul D. Arling Paul D. Arling Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a10k20221231-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications 
 I, Bryan M. Hackworth, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Universal Electronics Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 
 s Bryan M. Hackworth Bryan M. Hackworth 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a10k20221231-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 Paul D. Arling, as Chief Executive Officer of Universal Electronics Inc. (the Company ), certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Paul D. Arling Paul D. Arling Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a10k20221231-ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 Bryan M. Hackworth, as Chief Financial Officer of Universal Electronics Inc. (the Company ), certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Bryan M. Hackworth Bryan M. Hackworth 
 Chief Financial Officer March 8, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ueic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ueic-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ueic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ueic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ueic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

