<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_727892_0000820027-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24601142</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>322881</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2752078</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9889054</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5877813</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5262611</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000820027-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223161009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000820027-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		133
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RIVERSOURCE LIFE INSURANCE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000727892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				410823832
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-28976
		FILM NUMBER:		23659727

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50605 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		STREET 2:		H27/5299
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6126784177

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50605 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		STREET 2:		H27/5299
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IDS LIFE INSURANCE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970414

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IDS LIFE INSURANCE CO /MN
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000820027-23-000015.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 amp-20221231.htm
 10-K

amp-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from_______________________to_______________________ 
 Commission File No. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Outstanding at February 23, 2023 Common Stock (par value 30 per share) shares 
 All outstanding shares of the registrant are directly owned by Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS I(1) (a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

RIVERSOURCE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 FORM 10-K 
 INDEX 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item1A. Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 15 
 Item 7. Management s Narrative Analysis 
 15 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 88 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 88 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 89 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 89 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 89 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters 
 89 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 90 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 90 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 94 
 Signatures 
 95 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Introduction 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company is a stock life insurance company with one wholly owned stock life insurance company subsidiary, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York RiverSource Life of NY ). RiverSource Life Insurance Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial ). 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company is domiciled in Minnesota and holds Certificates of Authority in American Samoa, the District of Columbia and all states except New York. RiverSource Life Insurance Company issues insurance and annuity products. 
 RiverSource Life of NY is domiciled and holds a Certificate of Authority in New York. RiverSource Life of NY issues insurance and annuity products. 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company also wholly owns RiverSource Tax Advantaged Investments, Inc. RTA and Columbia Cent CLO Advisors, LLC Columbia Cent ). RTA is a stock company domiciled in Delaware and is a limited partner in affordable housing partnership investments. Columbia Cent is a registered investment advisor to certain collateralized loan obligations CLOs ). 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Life of NY are referred to collectively in this Item 1 and Item 1A of Form 10-K as RiverSource Life. 
 RiverSource Life s business is sold through a network of over 10,000 financial advisors in the retail channel of Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS ), a subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial. RiverSource Distributors, Inc., a subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, serves as the principal underwriter and distributor of variable annuity and life insurance products issued by RiverSource Life. 
 RiverSource Life s solutions help deliver on the Ameriprise Financial client experience and Confident Retirement approach. RiverSource Life offers clients various annuities, life insurance, and disability insurance options to meet their needs or current state in life, whether that is covering essentials, ensuring lifestyle, preparing for the unexpected or leaving a legacy. RiverSource Life seeks to partner with Ameriprise Financial advisors to address clients goals and long-term needs at a differentiated level and provide a strong risk profile given the clients the Ameriprise Financial advisors serve. 
 
 Annuities 
 RiverSource Life provides annuities to clients through the AFS advisor network to help individuals address their asset accumulation and income goals. As part of the continued evolution of RiverSource Life s business model, RiverSource Life is continuing to shift its focus away from annuities with living benefit guarantees and toward the accumulation solutions clients want (such as the structured variable annuity RiverSource Life introduced in 2020). RiverSource Life discontinued most new sales of its living benefit annuity solutions by the end of 2021 and new sales were completely discontinued as of mid-2022. 
 Revenues for variable annuity products are primarily earned as fees based on a contractholder s benefit base, contract value or separate account values, which is impacted by both market movements and net asset flows. RiverSource Life also earns net investment income on general account assets supporting reserves for immediate annuities with a non-life contingent feature and structured variable annuities, for certain guaranteed benefits and fixed investment options offered with variable annuities and on capital supporting the business. In addition, RiverSource Life receives fees charged on assets allocated to its separate accounts to cover administrative costs and a portion of the management fees from the underlying investment accounts in which assets are invested. Revenues for immediate annuities with a life contingent feature are earned as premium revenue. 
 Closed Block Fixed Annuities 
 In 2020, RiverSource Life discontinued new sales of fixed annuities, however RiverSource continues to service existing policies. In this closed block, as of December 31, 2022, RiverSource Life has 7.1 billion of account value associated with its fixed annuities of which 90 has been ceded on a coinsurance basis to Global Atlantic Financial Group s subsidiary Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company Commonwealth under customary reinsurance arrangements with a comfort trust. For the ceded policies, RiverSource Life ceded 100 of the risk on a coinsurance basis. 
 
 Insurance 
 RiverSource Life provides life and disability income insurance products to address the protection and risk management needs of retail clients through the AFS advisor network. The primary sources of revenues are premiums, fees and charges RiverSource Life receives to assume insurance-related risk. RiverSource Life earns net investment income on owned assets supporting insurance reserves and on capital supporting the business. RiverSource Life also receives fees based on the level of separate account assets supporting variable universal life investment options. 
 1 

Annuities and Insurance Products Offered: 
 RiverSource Life currently offers the following products: 
 Variable annuities provide returns linked to underlying investments of the contractholder s choice of certain funds, as well as additional benefits, such as guaranteed minimum death benefits (but without living benefits for new sales after mid-2022). 
 Structured variable annuities use the performance of an underlying equity market index to determine earnings, up to either a cap or floor. 
 Variable universal life insurance provides life insurance coverage along with investment returns linked to underlying investment accounts of the policyholder s choice. 
 Universal life insurance credits interest at fixed interest rates. Universal life insurance may also contain product features that credit interest at a rate linked to an underlying equity market index. In the fourth quarter of 2021, RiverSource Life discontinued new sales of universal life insurance with secondary guarantees and single-pay fixed universal life with a long term care rider. 
 Term life insurance provides a death benefit, but it does not accumulate cash value. 
 Disability income insurance provides monthly benefits to individuals who are unable to earn income either at their occupation at time of disability or at any suitable occupation for premium payments that are guaranteed not to change. 
 Sales of individual life insurance in 2022, as measured by scheduled annual premiums, lump sum and excess premiums and single premiums, consisted of approximately 92 variable universal life, 5 universal life and 3 term life. 
 Closed Block Long Term Care Insurance 
 Prior to December 31, 2002, RiverSource Life underwrote stand-alone long term care LTC insurance. RiverSource Life discontinued offering LTC insurance as of December 31, 2002. A large majority of the closed block LTC is comprised of nursing home indemnity LTC or comprehensive reimbursement LTC. Generally, RiverSource Life s policyholders are eligible for LTC benefits if they become cognitively impaired or unable to perform certain activities of daily living. 
 Nursing home indemnity LTC policies provide a predefined daily benefit if the insured is confined to a nursing home, subject to various maximum benefit periods, regardless of actual expenses of the policyholder. RiverSource Life s older generation nursing home indemnity LTC policies were primarily written between 1989 and 1999 and represent nearly one half of its policies. 
 Comprehensive reimbursement LTC policies provide a predefined maximum daily benefit if the insured is confined to a nursing home and covers a variety of LTC expenses including assisted living, home and community care, adult day care and similar placement programs, subject to various maximum total benefit payment pools, on a cost-reimbursement basis. RiverSource Life s second-generation comprehensive reimbursement LTC policies were written from 1997 until 2002. 
 RiverSource Life s closed block LTC was sold on a guaranteed renewable basis which allows it to re-price in force policies, subject to regulatory approval. Premium rates for LTC policies vary by age, benefit period, elimination period, home care coverage, and benefit increase option. Premium rates are based on assumptions concerning morbidity, mortality, persistency, administrative expenses, investment income, and profit. RiverSource Life develops its assumptions based on its own claims and persistency experience. In line with the market, RiverSource Life has pursued nationwide premium rate increases for many years and expects to continue to pursue rate increases over the next several years. In general, since very little of RiverSource Life s LTC business is subject to rate stability regulation, RiverSource Life has historically followed a policy of pursuing smaller, more frequent increases in order to align policyholder and historic shareholder objectives, but have recently pursued larger increases as an additional method to manage the LTC business. RiverSource Life also provides policyholders with options to reduce their coverage to lessen or eliminate the additional financial outlay that would otherwise result. 
 For existing LTC policies, RiverSource Life has continued ceding 50 of the risk on a coinsurance basis to subsidiaries of Genworth Financial, Inc. Genworth and retains the remaining risk. For RiverSource Life of NY, this reinsurance arrangement applies for 1996 and later issues only. Under these agreements, RiverSource Life has the right, but never the obligation, to recapture some, or all, of the risk ceded to Genworth. 
 For more information regarding LTC, see Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Management s Narrative Analysis - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 Reinsurance 
 RiverSource Life reinsures a portion of the insurance risks associated with its currently offered life and disability income products (as well as previously sold fixed annuity, life contingent immediate annuity and LTC insurance products) through reinsurance agreements with unaffiliated reinsurance companies. RiverSource Life uses reinsurance to limit losses, reduce exposure to large risks and provide additional capacity for continued product offerings. To manage exposure to losses from reinsurer insolvencies, RiverSource Life evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers prior to entering into new reinsurance treaties and on a periodic basis during the terms of the treaties. RiverSource Life remains primarily liable as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. See Note 7 and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on reinsurance. 
 2 

At a general level, RiverSource Life reinsures some or all of the following: 
 Product Reinsurance Type Term Life and Disability Income Coinsurance Universal Life Variable Universal Life Renewable Term Life Contingent Immediate Annuity Coinsurance Fixed Annuity (closed block) Coinsurance Long Term Care (closed block) Coinsurance 
 
 Competition 
 RiverSource Life operates in a highly competitive industry where it competes with other insurers and product manufacturers including both stock and mutual insurance companies, as well as certain banks, securities brokerage firms, independent financial advisors and other financial intermediaries that market insurance, annuities, mutual funds, retirement accounts and other financial products. 
 Competitive factors affecting the sale of RiverSource Life s annuity and/or insurance products include: 
 perceived financial strength and financial strength ratings from agencies such as A.M. Best; 
 the breadth, quality, design and pricing of products and services offered; 
 guaranteed benefit features and hedging capability; 
 the quality of underwriting; 
 the effectiveness of advertising and promotion campaigns; 
 reputation and recognition in the marketplace; 
 distribution capabilities and compensation; 
 investment performance; 
 claims-paying ratings; and 
 the quality of technology and customer service. 
 
 Regulation 
 The Minnesota Department of Commerce is the domiciliary regulator of RiverSource Life Insurance Company and the New York State Department of Financial Services is the domiciliary regulator of RiverSource Life of NY. 
 In addition to being regulated by the Minnesota Department of Commerce, RiverSource Life Insurance Company is regulated by each of the insurance regulators in the states where it is authorized to transact business. The primary purpose of this regulation and supervision is to protect the interests of contractholders and policyholders. In general, state insurance laws and regulations govern standards of solvency, capital requirements, the licensing of insurers and their agents, premium rates, policy forms, the nature of and limitations on investments, periodic reporting requirements and other matters. In addition, state regulators conduct periodic examinations into insurer market conduct and compliance with insurance and securities laws. Financial regulation of RiverSource Life is extensive and its financial and intercompany transactions (such as intercompany dividends or distributions and investment activities) may be subject to pre-approval and/or continuing evaluation by the regulators. Further, the Federal Reserve Board s 2019 proposal termed the Building Block Approach , (which is still pending has had not been finalized), for a new capital framework for holding companies like Ameriprise Financial that are significantly engaged in insurance activities ISLHCs would create new capital requirements for ISLHCs (even if there are not any refinements to the proposal) which could potentially impact the way Ameriprise Financial structures its capital or manages its business (which could in turn have an impact on RiverSource Life). 
 RiverSource Distributors is registered as a broker-dealer for the limited purpose of acting as the principal underwriter and/or distributor for RiverSource Life s annuities and insurance products sold through AFS and third-party channels. As a registered investment advisor, Columbia Cent is subject to the applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC regulation. Additionally, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), SEC s best interest standards, state and other fiduciary or best interest rules, as well as other similar standards and any rulemaking from the Department of Labor DOL are relevant to RiverSource Life s business. RiverSource Life continues to review and analyze the potential impact of these regulations across its business. 
 All states require participation in insurance guaranty associations which assess fees (subject to statutory limits) to insurance companies in order to fund claims of policyholders and contractholders of insolvent insurance companies. These assessments are generally based on a member insurer s proportionate share of all premiums written by member insurers in the state during a specified period prior to an insurer s insolvency. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding guaranty association assessments. 
 Certain variable annuity and variable life insurance contracts offered by RiverSource Life, and certain separate accounts supporting such contracts, constitute and are registered as securities under the Securities Act of 1933 and as investment companies under the 
 3 

Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. As such, these products are subject to regulation by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, commonly referred to as FINRA. 
 Insurance companies have been the subject of increasing regulatory, legislative and judicial scrutiny. Numerous state and federal regulatory agencies have commenced investigations regarding sales and marketing practices (including sales to older consumers), claims handling, and unclaimed property and escheatment practices and procedures. 
 The Federal Insurance Office FIO within the Department of Treasury does not have substantive regulatory responsibilities, though it is tasked with monitoring the insurance industry and the effectiveness of its regulatory framework in addition to providing periodic reports to the President and Congress. RiverSource Life monitors the FIO s activity to identify and assess emerging regulatory priorities with potential application to its business. 
 The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC has established risk-based capital RBC requirements that all state insurance departments have adopted. The RBC requirements are used by the NAIC and state insurance regulators to identify companies that merit regulatory actions designed to protect policyholders. The NAIC RBC report is completed as of December 31 and filed annually, along with the statutory financial statements. 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company would be subject to various levels of regulatory intervention if its total adjusted statutory capital falls below defined RBC action levels. At the company action level, defined as total adjusted capital level between 100 and 75 of the RBC requirement, an insurer must submit a plan for corrective action with its primary state regulator. The level of regulatory intervention is greater at lower levels of total adjusted capital relative to the RBC requirement. RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Life of NY maintain capital levels well in excess of the company action level required by state insurance regulators as noted below as of December 31, 2022: 
 Entity Company Action Level RBC Total Adjusted Capital of Company Action Level RBC (in millions, except percentages) RiverSource Life 571 3,103 543 RiverSource Life of NY 40 320 801 
 As part of its Solvency Modernization Initiative in 2010, the NAIC adopted revisions to its Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act Holding Company Act to enhance insurer group supervision and create a new Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ORSA Model Act. The Holding Company Act revisions focus on the overall insurance holding company system, establish a framework of regulator supervisory colleges, enhancements to corporate governance and require the annual filing of an Enterprise Risk Management Report. The ORSA Model Act requires that an insurer create and file, annually, its Own Risk Solvency Assessment, which is a complete self-assessment of its risk management functions and capital adequacy. These laws were enacted by the domiciliary states of RiverSource Life: Minnesota and New York. RiverSource Life completes and files these reports as required by the laws and regulations of those states. Insurance regulation and supervision also goes beyond direct regulation of insurance companies in other ways. For example, while Minnesota and New York have not yet implemented the NAIC s Group Capital Calculation , the impact of any such implementation, together with final rules from the Federal Reserve Bank FRB arising out of its still pending 2019 proposal discussed below that may supersede such Minnesota or New York requirements, will create new capital frameworks applicable to RiverSource Life s business. 
 A significant portion of RiverSource Life s annuity product sales derive from annuities funding qualified retirement accounts, specifically IRAs. As a provider of products and services to tax-qualified retirement accounts, certain aspects of RiverSource Life s business fall within the compliance oversight of the Departments of Labor and Treasury, particularly regarding the enforcement of ERISA, and the tax reporting requirements applicable to such accounts. The DOL published regulations in April 2016 that expanded the scope of who is considered an ERISA fiduciary when providing investment advice to tax qualified accounts. However, on March 15, 2018, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued a decision vacating the DOL s regulations in its entirety. The Fifth Circuit s decision became effective when it issued its mandate on June 21, 2018. 
 The SEC s Regulation Best Interest became effective on June 30, 2020 and the SEC continues to issue various statements and other pieces of guidance on complying with the regulation. Furthermore, New York and several other states have either issued their own best interest or fiduciary rules or are considering doing so, and the NAIC has revised its annuity transactions regulation to promote greater uniformity across NAIC-member jurisdictions and to clarify that all recommendations by annuity producers and insurers are to be in the interests of the consumer. The DOL has finalized its voluntary exemption for providing investment advice to retirement account clients and has reinstated prior guidance for determining who is an investment advice fiduciary under pension regulations. While not a regulator, the Certified Financial Planner Board standards of conduct include a fiduciary standard that applies to financial advisors who hold a Certified Financial Planner designation. In light of the various fiduciary rules and regulations that continue to be proposed, finalized and sometimes withdrawn or amended, RiverSource Life continues to exert significant efforts to evaluate and prepare to comply with each rule. Depending on the span and substance of any regulations and timing of their applicability, the scope of any implementation could also require various changes in the financial services industry, any of which could negatively impact RiverSource Life s results of operations. 
 4 

Certain aspects of RiverSource Life s business are subject to comprehensive legal requirements by different functional regulators concerning the use and protection of personal information, including client information. This includes rules adopted pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act, and an ever increasing number of state laws and regulations such as the New York State Department of Financial Services Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. RiverSource Life continues its efforts to safeguard the data entrusted to it in accordance with applicable laws and internal data protection policies, including taking steps to reduce the potential for identity theft or other improper use or disclosure of personal information, while seeking to collect only the data that is necessary to properly achieve its business objectives and to best serve its clients. 
 Following the conversion of RiverSource Life s affiliate Ameriprise National Trust Bank into a federal savings bank Ameriprise Bank ), Ameriprise Financial continued to be subject to ongoing supervision by the Board of Governors for the FRB. FRB regulation and supervisory oversight of Ameriprise Financial includes examinations, regular financial reporting and prudential standards, such as capital, liquidity, risk management and parameters for business conduct and internal governance. In order to maintain Ameriprise Financial s permission under applicable bank holding company laws and regulations to engage in insurance and business activities other than banking or activities closely related to banking, each of Ameriprise Financial and Ameriprise Bank, as Ameriprise s sole insured depository institution subsidiary, must remain well-capitalized and well-managed under applicable federal banking regulations, and Ameriprise Bank must receive at least a satisfactory rating in its most recent examination under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ). Failure to meet one or more of certain requirements and regulations would mean, depending on the requirements not met and any agreement then reached with the FRB, that until cured Ameriprise Financial (and therefore RiverSource Life) could not undertake new activities, continue certain activities, or make certain acquisitions. 
 In June 2021, Ameriprise Financial filed an application to convert Ameriprise Bank to a state-chartered industrial bank regulated by the Utah Department of Financial Institutions and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as well as a separate application to transition Ameriprise Bank s personal trust services business to a new limited purpose national trust bank regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The applications are currently pending. 
 
 Item1A. Risk Factors 
 RiverSource Life s operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could have a material adverse effect on RiverSource Life s business, financial condition or results of operations. Based on the information currently known, RiverSource Life believes that the following information identifies the material factors affecting RiverSource Life. However, the risks and uncertainties RiverSource Life faces are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to RiverSource Life or which are currently believed to be immaterial may also adversely affect RiverSource Life s business. 
 
 Market Risks 
 RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by market fluctuations and by economic, political and other factors. 
 RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by economic and other factors. Such factors, which can be global, national, regional or local in nature, include: (i) the level and volatility of the markets, including equity prices, interest rates, commodity prices, currency values and other market indices and drivers; (ii) geopolitical strain, terrorism and armed conflicts; (iii) political, social, economic and market conditions; (iv) the availability and cost of capital; (v) the ongoing coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic or other global health emergencies; (vi) technological changes and events; (vii) U.S. and foreign government fiscal and tax policies; (viii) U.S. and foreign government ability, real or perceived, to avoid defaulting on government securities; (ix) the availability and cost of credit and hedge markets; (x) the ongoing inflationary environment; (xi) investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets; and (xii) natural disasters such as weather catastrophes and widespread health emergencies. In addition, during periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, the level of consumer investing and insuring activity may also decrease, which may negatively impact the results of RiverSource Life s business. Moreover, fluctuations in economic and market activity could impact the way then-existing customers allocate their available resources, which could affect RiverSource Life s persistency, surrender and product cash value loan experience and could negatively impact its business. 
 Declines and volatility in U.S. and global market conditions (such as those that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent economic environment) have impacted RiverSource Life s business in the past, are impacting it now and may do so again. RiverSource Life s business has been, and in the future may be, adversely affected by U.S. and global capital market and credit crises, the repricing of credit risk, equity market volatility and decline, and stress or recession in the U.S. and global economies generally. These factors will also impact client behavior. Market conditions, regulatory actions, tax laws and RiverSource Life s competitive industry environment are among the reasons contractholders in its annuity products and policyholders in its protection products may opt to withdraw cash values for those products (or for certain protection products, to reduce their withdrawal activity). If RiverSource Life is unable to offer appropriate product alternatives which encourage customers to continue purchasing in the face of actual or perceive market volatility, RiverSource Life s sales and revenues could decline. 
 5 

Downturns and volatility in equity markets have had, and may in the future, an adverse effect on RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations. Most of RiverSource Life s variable annuity products contain guaranteed minimum death benefits and a majority of RiverSource Life s variable annuity products contain guaranteed minimum withdrawal and accumulation benefits. Decline or volatility in equity and/or bond markets could result in guaranteed minimum benefits being higher than what current account values would support, which would adversely affect RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations. Discontinuing the sale of new fixed annuities and variable annuities with living benefits will lessen this risk over time. Although RiverSource Life has hedged a portion of the guarantees for the variable annuity contracts to mitigate the financial loss of equity and/or bond market declines or volatility, there can be no assurance that such a decline or volatility would not materially impact the profitability of certain products or product lines or RiverSource Life s financial condition or results of operations. Further, the cost of hedging RiverSource Life s liability for these guarantees has increased as a result of volatility in the equity markets, as well as broad-based market and regulatory-driven changes in the collateral requirements of hedge trading counterparties. In addition, heightened volatility (and the transition away from LIBOR as a widely accepted interest rate reference) creates greater uncertainty for future hedging effectiveness. 
 Changes in interest rates may affect RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations. 
 RiverSource Life s insurance and annuity products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations (inclusive of changes in credit spreads), which could cause future impacts associated with such fluctuations to differ from historical costs. In addition, interest rate fluctuations could result in fluctuations in the valuation of certain minimum guaranteed benefits contained in some of its variable annuity products, something RiverSource Life saw as a result of volatility that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic. Although RiverSource Life typically hedges to mitigate some of the effect of such fluctuations, significant changes in interest rates (or prolonged periods of low interest rates) could have a material adverse impact the profitability of certain products or product lines or on RiverSource Life s financial condition or results of operations. In addition, as rates increase, the posting of collateral for liquidity needs will also increase as a result of the hedging of variable annuity products. Depending on how rapidly rates increase and other factors, RiverSource Life may need to access liquidity sources that are more costly, which could have a material adverse impact on profitability or RiverSource Life s financial condition or results of operations. 
 Interest rate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of RiverSource Life s investment portfolio. During periods of declining market interest rates or stagnancy of low interest rates, the interest RiverSource Life receives on variable interest rate investments decreases and RiverSource Life is forced to reinvest the cash it receives as interest or return of principal on its investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of certain callable fixed income securities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which increases the risk that RiverSource Life may have to reinvest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. 
 If there is a return to a period of prolonged low interest rates, RiverSource Life s spread may be reduced or could become negative. Due to the long-term nature of the liabilities associated with RiverSource Life s LTC and universal life with secondary guarantees, as well as guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, sustained declines in or stagnancy of low long-term interest rates may subject RiverSource Life to reinvestment risks and increased hedging costs. RiverSource Life periodically reviews and, where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions. 
 As market interest rates increase, RiverSource Life may offer higher crediting rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance and RiverSource Life may increase crediting rates on in force products to keep these products competitive (which could have an adverse effect on RiverSource life s financial condition and results of operations). Because yields on invested assets may not increase as quickly as current interest rates, RiverSource Life may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In addition, increases in market interest rates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, as policyholders and contractholders seek to shift assets to products with perceived higher returns. This process may lead to an earlier than expected outflow of cash from the business. These withdrawals and surrenders may require investment assets to be sold at a time when the prices of those assets are lower because of the increase in market interest rates, which may result in investment losses. Also, increases in market interest rates may result in extension of certain cash flows from structured mortgage products. An increase in policy surrenders and withdrawals also may require RiverSource Life to accelerate amortization of deferred acquisition costs DAC ), which would increase RiverSource Life s expenses and reduce its net earnings in the period. 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions or a downgrade in RiverSource Life s credit ratings may significantly affect its ability to meet liquidity needs, access to capital and cost of capital. 
 Volatility, uncertainty and disruption in the capital and credit markets may decrease available liquidity, which RiverSource Life may need to pay its expenses and dividends. If the market conditions hinder its availability to obtain capital, its business would suffer. 
 6 

RiverSource Life s liquidity needs are satisfied primarily through its reserves and the cash generated by its operations. RiverSource Life believes the level of cash and securities it maintains, combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, is adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term payment obligations. In the event current resources are insufficient to satisfy RiverSource Life s needs, it may access financing sources from its parent holding company, its other affiliates or third parties. The availability of additional financing would depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the availability of liquidity from RiverSource Life s parent or other affiliates, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, RiverSource Life s credit ratings and credit capacity, actions by RiverSource Life s regulators, and perception held by customers, lenders, and other stakeholders. Also, transfers of cash or other assets from RiverSource Life s parent or other affiliates must comply with the applicable revolving credit agreements and may be subject to the prior approval of (or notice to) state insurance regulators. 
 Further, the financial strength ratings which various rating organizations publish as a measure of an insurance company s ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations, are important to maintain public confidence in RiverSource Life s products, its competitive position, and the ability to market its products. Any future downgrade in RiverSource Life s financial strength ratings, or the announced potential for a downgrade, could potentially have a significant adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including: (i) reducing new sales of insurance and annuity products and investment products; (ii) adversely affecting its relationships with RiverSource Life s advisors and third-party distributors of its products; (iii) materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders; (iv) requiring RiverSource Life to reduce prices for many of its products and services to remain competitive; and (v) adversely affecting its ability to obtain reinsurance or obtain reasonable pricing on reinsurance. 
 Ratings agencies have and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of RiverSource Life s credit reviews, adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating organizations models for maintenance of ratings levels (including adjusting the framework under which it views its parent s business mix that drives these requirements), or downgrade ratings applied to particular classes of securities or types of institutions, and its ratings could be changed at any time and without any notice by the rating organizations. 
 Market conditions or decisions by its ratings agencies that hinder its access to capital may limit its ability to satisfy statutory capital targets, generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet liquidity needs and access the capital necessary to grow its business. As such, RiverSource Life may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different types of capital than it would otherwise, less effectively deploy such capital, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease its profitability and significantly reduce its financial flexibility. 
 Business Risks 
 Intense competition and the economies of scale for larger competitors could negatively impact RiverSource Life s ability to maintain or increase its market share and profitability. 
 RiverSource Life operates in intensely competitive industries, including insurers and other financial institutions, some of which have a larger market share, greater investments in technology and analytics, greater investments in advertising and brand, less regulation or greater financial resources than RiverSource Life. Furthermore, RiverSource Life s competitors may be better able to address trends, structural changes, or movement of assets resulting from industry changes in response to the uncertain regulatory environment in the U.S. and around the world. RiverSource Life could experience lower sales, higher costs, technology obsolescence or other developments that could negatively impact its results of operations. The offerings available to Ameriprise Financial s advisor network include not only annuity and insurance products issued by RiverSource Life, but also annuities issued by a limited number of unaffiliated insurance companies. As a result of this and further openings of Ameriprise Financial s advisor network to annuity and insurance products of other companies, RiverSource Life could experience lower sales of its products, higher surrenders or other developments, which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 RiverSource Life and its affiliates face intense competition in attracting and retaining key talent. 
 RiverSource Life s continued success depends to a substantial degree on its and its affiliates ability to attract and retain qualified people. The market for qualified talent has always been extremely competitive; however, RiverSource Life is currently experiencing a surge in labor market activity. Higher turnover, fewer individuals entering the labor force, increased demand for flexibility and fully remote work and wage sensitivity due to the inflationary environment have resulted in labor shortages, increased costs of labor and complexity in recruiting and retaining talent. RiverSource Life continues to assess risk and invest in its employees to remain competitive, however, the possibility of increased turnover may impact RiverSource Life s ability to attract, support and retain clients. If RiverSource Life is experience a prolonged inability to attract and retain qualified individuals or its recruiting and retention costs increase significantly, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 
 The negative performance or default by other financial institutions or other third parties could adversely affect RiverSource Life. 
 RiverSource Life has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds, insurers, reinsurers, investment funds and other institutions. The operations of U.S. and global financial services institutions are interconnected and a decline in the financial condition of one or more financial services institutions may expose RiverSource Life to credit losses or 
 7 

defaults, limit access to liquidity or otherwise disrupt the operations of RiverSource Life s business. While RiverSource Life regularly assesses its exposure to different industries and counterparties, the performance and financial strength of specific institutions are subject to rapid change, the timing and extent of which cannot be known. 
 Many transactions with, and investments in, the products and securities of other financial institutions expose RiverSource Life to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty. With respect to secured transactions, RiverSource Life s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by it cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to it. RiverSource Life also has exposure to financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions, (including with respect to derivatives hedging its exposure on variable annuity contracts with guaranteed benefits), reinsurance, repurchase and underwriting arrangements and equity investments. Any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets could materially and adversely impact RiverSource Life s business and results of operations. 
 Issuers of the fixed maturity securities that RiverSource Life owns may default on principal and interest payments. Some of RiverSource Life s fixed maturity securities may have ratings below investment-grade. Default-related declines in the value of RiverSource Life s fixed maturity securities portfolio or consumer credit holdings could cause its net earnings to decline and could also cause RiverSource Life to contribute capital to some of its regulated subsidiaries, which may require RiverSource Life to obtain funding during periods of unfavorable market conditions. 
 Capital and credit market volatility or a sudden devaluation of a specific product or currency (such as happened with cryptocurrency) can exacerbate, and has exacerbated, the risk of third-party defaults, bankruptcy filings, foreclosures, legal actions and other events that may limit the value of or restrict RiverSource Life s access to cash and investments. 
 Poor investment performance in RiverSource Life s variable products could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 RiverSource Life believes that investment performance is an important factor in the growth of its variable annuity and variable life insurance business. Poor investment performance could impair revenues and earnings, as well as RiverSource Life s prospects for growth, because RiverSource Life s ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish and existing clients might withdraw assets from RiverSource Life s variable products in favor of better performing products of other companies, which would result in lower revenues. Poor investment performance could also result in additional benefits paid under certain annuity products (such as variable annuity living benefits and death benefits). 
 AFS may be unable to attract and retain financial advisors. 
 RiverSource Life is dependent on the financial advisors of AFS for all of the sales of its annuity and insurance products. A significant number of the financial advisors operate as independent contractors under a franchise agreement with AFS. There can be no assurance that AFS will be successful in its efforts to maintain its current network of financial advisors or to recruit and retain new advisors to its network. From time to time, there are regulatory-driven or other trends and developments within the industry, such as the changes around the Protocol for Broker Recruiting, that could potentially impact the current competitive dynamics between RiverSource Life and RiverSource Life s competitors and impact the number of advisors affiliated with AFS. If AFS is unable to attract and retain quality financial advisors, fewer advisors would be available to sell RiverSource Life s annuity and insurance products and RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 RiverSource Life s valuation of fixed maturity and equity securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely impact its financial condition or results of operations. 
 Fixed maturity, equity and short-term investments which are reported at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, represent the majority of RiverSource Life s total cash and invested assets. The determination of fair values by management in the absence of quoted market prices is based on valuation methodologies, securities RiverSource Life deems to be comparable, and assumptions deemed appropriate given the circumstances. The fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on available market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty. Factors considered in estimating fair value include: coupon rate, maturity, estimated duration, call provisions, sinking fund requirements, credit rating, industry sector of the issuer, current interest rates and credit spreads, and quoted market prices of comparable securities. The use of different methodologies and assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
 During periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates and rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of RiverSource Life s securities. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the financial environment. In such cases, the valuation of certain securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable and may require greater estimation as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated, which may result in values less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Further, rapidly changing and unexpected credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within RiverSource Life s Consolidated Financial Statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on RiverSource Life s financial condition or results of operations. 
 8 

The elimination of LIBOR may adversely affect the interest rates on, and value of, certain derivatives and floating rate securities RiverSource Life holds, the activities RiverSource Life conducts, and any other assets or liabilities, the value of which is tied to LIBOR. 
 The elimination of LIBOR and transition to alternative reference rates may have an adverse impact on the value of, return on and trading markets for a broad array of financial products, including any LIBOR-based securities, loans and derivatives that are included in RiverSource Life s financial assets and liabilities. U.S. Dollar LIBOR is anticipated to be phased out by June 30, 2023, and replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, and all other LIBOR currencies ceased publication on December 31, 2021. There will continue to be work required to transition to the new benchmark rates for U.S. Dollar. This may impact RiverSource Life or its affiliates existing transaction data, products, systems, operations, valuation and financial risk management processes. In addition, LIBOR may perform differently during the phase-out period than in the past which could result in lower interest payments and a reduction in the value of certain assets as well as fluctuations in certain mark-to-market derivative instruments. Accordingly, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the transition away from LIBOR on various derivatives, floating rate securities and other securities RiverSource Life holds, the activities RiverSource Life conducts and any other assets or liabilities (as well as contractual rights and obligations) the value of which is tied to LIBOR. The value or profitability of these products and instruments, and RiverSource Life s costs of operations, may be adversely affected until new reference rates and fallbacks for both legacy and new products, instruments and contracts are commercially in use. 
 The determination of the amount of allowances taken on certain investments is subject to management s evaluation and judgment and could materially impact RiverSource Life s financial position or results of operations. 
 The determination of the amount of allowances varies by investment type and is based upon RiverSource Life s periodic evaluation and assessment of inherent and known risks associated with the respective asset class. 
 Management uses its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management s evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. The determination of the amount of allowances on loans is based upon the asset s expected life, considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. 
 Some of RiverSource Life s investments are relatively illiquid, and RiverSource Life may have difficulty selling these investments. 
 RiverSource Life invests a portion of its general account assets in certain privately placed fixed income securities, mortgage loans, policy loans and limited partnership interests, all of which are relatively illiquid. These asset classes represented 17 of the carrying value of RiverSource Life s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022. If RiverSource Life requires significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of its normal cash requirements, it may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them for an amount less than it would otherwise have been able to realize, or both, which could have an adverse effect on RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Insurance Risks 
 The failure of other insurers could require RiverSource Life to pay higher assessments to state insurance guaranty funds. 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Life of NY are required by law to be a member of the guaranty fund association in every state where they are licensed to do business. In the event of insolvency of one or more unaffiliated insurance companies, RiverSource Life could be adversely affected by the requirement to pay assessments to the guaranty fund associations. Uncertainty and volatility in the U.S. economy and financial markets in recent years have weakened or may weaken the financial condition of numerous insurers, including insurers currently in receivership, increasing the risk of triggering guaranty fund assessments upon order of liquidation. 
 If the counterparties to RiverSource Life s reinsurance arrangements default or otherwise fail to fulfill their obligations, RiverSource Life may be exposed to risks it had sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 RiverSource Life uses reinsurance to mitigate certain of its risks. Reinsurance does not relieve RiverSource Life of its direct liability to its policyholders and contractholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to RiverSource Life. Accordingly, RiverSource Life bears credit and performance risk with respect to its reinsurers, including Commonwealth as well as Genworth Life Insurance Company. In July 2016, RiverSource Life Insurance Company finalized various confidential enhancements with Genworth Life Insurance Company that have been shared, in the normal course of regular reviews, with RiverSource Life Insurance Company s domiciliary regulator and rating agencies. A reinsurer s insolvency or its inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement could have a material adverse effect on RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations. 
 If RiverSource Life s reserves for future policy benefits and claims are inadequate, it may be required to increase its reserve liabilities, which would adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 RiverSource Life establishes reserves as estimates of its liabilities to provide for future obligations under its insurance policies and annuities contracts. Reserves do not represent an exact calculation of the liability, but rather are estimates of contract benefits and 
 9 

related expenses RiverSource Life expects to incur over time. The assumptions and estimates RiverSource Life makes in establishing reserves require certain judgments about future experience and, therefore, are inherently uncertain. RiverSource Life cannot determine with precision the actual amounts that it will pay for contract benefits, the timing of payments, or whether the assets supporting its stated reserves will increase to the levels it estimates before payment of benefits or claims. RiverSource Life monitors its reserve levels continually. If RiverSource Life were to conclude that its reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected contract benefits, it would be required to increase its reserves and incur income statement charges for the period in which it makes the determination, which would adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 RiverSource Life s profitability relies on its assumptions including those regarding morbidity rates, mortality rates and benefit utilization, as well as the future persistency of insurance policies and annuity contracts. 
 RiverSource Life sets prices for its life and disability income DI insurance (and historically LTC insurance) as well as some annuity products based upon expected claims payment patterns, derived from assumptions RiverSource Life makes about its policyholders and contractholders, including expenses, fees, investment returns and morbidity and mortality rates. The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how RiverSource Life s actual experience compares with its pricing assumptions. Actual experience can differ from RiverSource Life s assumptions for many reasons over the time an insurance product is held. If mortality rates are higher than its pricing assumptions, RiverSource Life could be required to make greater payments under its life insurance policies and annuity contracts with GMDBs than it has projected. 
 The prices and profitability of RiverSource Life s life insurance and deferred annuity products are based in part upon assumptions related to persistency (the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force from one period to the next). For most of RiverSource Life s life insurance and deferred annuity products, actual persistency that is lower than its persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability, especially in the early years of a policy or contract because RiverSource Life would be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses it deferred in connection with the acquisition of the policy or contract. 
 For RiverSource Life s LTC insurance, universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees and variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, actual persistency that is higher than its persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in force longer than RiverSource Life assumed, it could be required to make greater benefit payments than it had anticipated when RiverSource Life priced or partially reinsured these products. 
 The risk that RiverSource Life s claims experience may differ significantly from its pricing assumptions is particularly significant for its LTC insurance products, notwithstanding RiverSource Life s ability to implement future price increases with regulatory approvals. Though RiverSource Life discontinued offering LTC products in 2003, LTC insurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, its actual claims experience will emerge over many years. RiverSource Life s ability to forecast future claim rates for LTC insurance is more limited than for life insurance. RiverSource Life has sought to moderate these uncertainties to some extent by partially reinsuring LTC policies at the time the policies were underwritten and limiting its present stand-alone LTC insurance offerings to policies underwritten fully by unaffiliated third-party insurers, and RiverSource Life has also implemented rate increases and provided reduced benefit options on certain in force policies. 
 Because RiverSource Life s assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain, reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate if actual persistency experience is different from those assumptions. Although some of its products permit RiverSource Life to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract, RiverSource Life cannot guarantee that these increases would be sufficient to maintain profitability. Additionally, some of these pricing changes require regulatory approval, which may not be forthcoming. Moreover, many of RiverSource Life s products do not permit RiverSource Life to increase premiums or limit those increases during the life of the policy or contract while premiums on certain other products (primarily LTC insurance) may not be increased without prior regulatory approval. Significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency could have an adverse effect on the profitability of RiverSource Life s products. 
 Operations Risks 
 Damage to the reputation of RiverSource Life or its affiliates could adversely affect the business of RiverSource Life. 
 RiverSource Life s reputation is one of its most important assets. The ability of RiverSource Life to market and sell its products is highly dependent upon external perceptions of its business practices and financial condition, as well as the business practices and financial condition of its affiliates. Damage to the reputation of RiverSource Life or its affiliates could cause significant harm to the business and prospects. Reputational damage may arise from numerous sources, including litigation or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, any perceived or actual weakness in RiverSource Life s financial strength or liquidity, clients or potential clients perceived failure of how it addresses certain political, environmental, social or governance topics, technological breakdowns, cybersecurity attacks, or other security breaches (including attempted breaches or inadvertent disclosures) resulting in improper disclosure of client or employee personal information, unethical or improper behavior and the misconduct or error of employees, AFS s advisors and counterparties. Additionally, a failure to develop new products and services, or successfully manage associated operational risks, could harm RiverSource Life s reputation and potentially expose RiverSource Life to additional costs, or negative public relations or social media campaigns. Any negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. Adverse developments with respect to the financial industry may also, by association, negatively impact RiverSource Life s 
 10 

reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation. 
 Misconduct or errors by RiverSource Life s employees and agents and its affiliates employees and financial advisors may be difficult to detect and deter and may damage RiverSource Life s reputation. Misconduct or errors by these individuals could result in violations of law, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm. RiverSource Life cannot always deter misconduct by these individuals, and the precautions it takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Preventing and detecting misconduct among its affiliates franchisee advisors presents additional challenges and could have an adverse effect on RiverSource Life s business. RiverSource Life s reputation depends on continued identification of and mitigation against conflicts of interest. RiverSource Life and its affiliates have procedures and controls that are designed to identify, address and appropriately disclose perceived conflicts of interest, though RiverSource Life s reputation could be damaged if it fails, or appears to fail, to address conflicts of interest appropriately. In addition, the SEC and other federal and state regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. It is possible that potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions. Also, it is possible that the regulatory scrutiny of, and litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest will make RiverSource Life s clients less willing to enter into transactions in which such a conflict may occur, which would adversely affect RiverSource Life s business. 
 RiverSource Life may face direct or indirect effects of its responses to climate change. 
 Climate change may increase the severity and frequency of weather-related catastrophes, or adversely affect RiverSource Life s investment portfolio or investor sentiment. This includes the potential for an increase in the frequency and severity of weather-related disasters and pandemics. In addition, climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities are held by RiverSource Life, or RiverSource Life s willingness to continue to hold their securities. Climate change may also influence investor sentiment with respect to RiverSource Life and investments in RiverSource Life s portfolio.. It may also impact other counterparties, including reinsurers, and affect the value of investments, including real estate investments. RiverSource Life cannot predict or estimate the long-term impacts from climate change or related regulation. 
 RiverSource Life s operational systems and networks (as well as those of its affiliates franchisee advisors) are subject to evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, loss of proprietary information, damage to its reputation, additional costs, regulatory penalties and other adverse impacts. 
 The business of RiverSource Life and its affiliates is reliant upon internal and third-party-controlled and operated technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store information including clients , employees and advisors personal information, as well as proprietary information, and to conduct business activities and transactions. Maintaining the security and integrity of this information and these systems and networks, appropriately responding to any cybersecurity and privacy incidents (including attempts), is critical to the success of RiverSource Life s business operations, including RiverSource Life s reputation, the retention of clients, and to the protection of RiverSource Life s proprietary information and RiverSource Life s clients personal information. To date, RiverSource Life or its affiliates have not experienced any material breaches of or interference with these centrally controlled systems and networks. However, RiverSource Life and its affiliates routinely face and address such evolving threats and have been able to detect and respond to these incidents to date without a material loss of client financial assets or information through the use of ongoing monitoring and continual improvement of security and incident response capabilities. 
 RiverSource Life and its affiliates advisors, as well as service providers, have also been threatened, among others, by phishing and spear phishing scams, social engineering attacks, account takeovers, introductions of malware, attempts at electronic break-ins and the submission of fraudulent payment requests. The number of attempted phishing attacks has increased substantially every year, which is expected to continue. Attempted or successful breaches or interference by third parties or by RiverSource Life s employees that may occur in the future could have a material adverse impact on RiverSource Life s business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. 
 RiverSource Life and its affiliates are subject to various laws and regulations, and, in some cases contractual obligations, that require it to establish and maintain corporate policies and technical and operational measures designed to protect sensitive client, employee, contractor and vendor information, and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. RiverSource Life and its affiliates have established policies and implemented such technical and operational measures itself and have in place policies that require RiverSource Life s service providers and AFS s independent franchisee advisors, each of which locally control their own technology operations, to do the same. The increase in hybrid working among RiverSource Life s and its affiliates employees adds complexity to monitoring and processing procedures. Changes in RiverSource Life s business or technological advancements may also require corresponding changes in its systems, networks and data security and response measures. While accessing RiverSource Life s products and services, RiverSource Life s customers may use computers and other devices that sit outside of its security control environment. In addition, the ever-increasing reliance on technology systems and networks and the occurrence and potential adverse impact of attacks on such systems and networks, both generally and in the financial services industry, have enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cybersecurity threats and report incidents they suffer. As these threats, and government and regulatory oversight of associated risks, continue to evolve, RiverSource Life may be required to expend additional resources to enhance or expand upon the technical and operational security and response measures RiverSource Life and its affiliates (as well as certain parties RiverSource Life does not control) currently maintain. 
 11 

Despite the measures RiverSource Life and its affiliates have taken and may in the future take to address and mitigate cybersecurity, privacy and technology risks, RiverSource Life cannot be certain that the systems and networks of RiverSource Life and its affiliates will not be subject to successful attacks, breaches or interference. Nor can RiverSource Life be certain that parties its affiliates do not control will comply with RiverSource Life and its affiliates policies and procedures in this regard, or that clients will engage in safe and secure online practices. Furthermore, human error occurs from time to time and such mistakes can lead to the inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information. Any such event may result in operational disruptions as well as unauthorized access to or the disclosure or loss of RiverSource Life s proprietary information or RiverSource Life s client, employee, vendor, or advisor personal information, which in turn may result in legal claims, regulatory scrutiny and liability, reputational damage, the incurrence of costs to respond to, eliminate or mitigate further exposure, the loss of clients or advisors, or other damage to its business. While RiverSource Life maintains cyber liability insurance that provides both third-party liability and first-party liability coverages, it may not protect RiverSource Life against all cybersecurity- and privacy-related losses. Furthermore, RiverSource Life may be subject to indemnification costs and liability to third parties if RiverSource Life breaches any confidentiality or security obligations regarding vendor data or for losses related to the data. In addition, the trend toward broad consumer and general public notification of such incidents could exacerbate the harm to RiverSource Life s business, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations in the event of a breach. Even if RiverSource Life successfully protected its technology infrastructure and the confidentiality of sensitive data and conduct appropriate incident response, RiverSource Life may incur significant expenses in connection with its responses to any such attacks as well as the adoption, implementation and maintenance of appropriate security measures. 
 Protection from system interruptions and operating errors is important to RiverSource Life s business. If RiverSource Life experienced a sustained interruption to its telecommunications or data processing systems or other failure in operational execution, it could harm its business. 
 Operating errors and system or network interruptions could delay and disrupt RiverSource Life s operations. Interruptions could be caused by mistake, malfeasance or other operational failures by service provider staff or employee error or malfeasance, interference by third parties, including hackers, RiverSource Life s implementation of new technology, maintenance of existing technology or natural disasters, each of which may impact RiverSource Life s ability to run its systems or encounter varying downtime. Though RiverSource Life plans for resiliency in its systems, it could face additional downtime or data loss if its plans do not work as expected. RiverSource Life s financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate or report data properly, experience connectivity disruptions or otherwise become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond its control, adversely affecting its ability to process transactions or provide products and services to customers. Further, RiverSource Life cannot control the execution of any business continuity or incident response plans implemented by its service providers. 
 RiverSource Life relies on third-party service providers and vendors for certain communications, technology and business functions and other services, and faces the risk of their operational failure (including, without limitation, loss of staff due to widespread illness, failure caused by an inaccuracy, untimeliness or other deficiency in data reporting), technical or security failures, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other third-party service providers that RiverSource Life uses to facilitate or are component providers to its securities transactions and other product manufacturing and distribution activities. These risks are heightened by RiverSource Life s deployment in response to both client interest and evolution in the financial markets of increasingly sophisticated products and technological means for accessing these products or client accounts. Any such failure, termination or constraint or flawed execution or response could adversely impact its ability to effect transactions, service its clients, manage its exposure to risk or otherwise achieve desired outcomes. 
 RiverSource Life s risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating its risk exposure in all market environments, products or against all types of risk, including employee and financial advisor misconduct. 
 RiverSource Life s policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Many of its methods of managing risk and the associated exposures are based upon its use of observed historical experience or expectations about future experience (e.g. market behavior, client/policyholder behavior, mortality, etc.) or statistics based on historical models. Experience may not emerge as expected and during periods of market volatility or due to unforeseen events, the historically-derived experience and correlations may not be valid. As a result, these methods and models may not predict future exposures accurately, which could be significantly greater than what its models indicate. Further some controls are manual and are subject to inherent limitations. This could cause RiverSource Life to incur investment losses or cause its hedging and other risk management strategies to be ineffective. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to RiverSource Life, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. 
 RiverSource Life s financial performance also requires it to develop, effectively manage, and market new or existing products and services that appropriately anticipate or respond to changes in the industry and evolving client demands. The development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of products with a focus on environmental, social and governance maters, require continued innovative effort and may require significant time, resources, and ongoing support. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction and ongoing maintenance of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting and sometimes contradictory client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 12 

Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating RiverSource Life s risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including those associated with key vendors. Insurance and other traditional risk-shifting tools may be held by or available to RiverSource Life in order to manage certain exposures, but they are subject to terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, default or insolvency. 
 The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters and catastrophes could adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of RiverSource Life. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters and catastrophes, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, fires, blackouts, severe winter weather, explosions, pandemic disease (such as COVID-19) and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism, riots, civil unrest including large-scale protests, insurrections and military actions, could adversely affect the financial condition or results of operations of RiverSource Life. Such disasters and catastrophes may damage its facilities, preventing its service provider and employees from performing their roles or otherwise disturbing its ordinary business operations, and by impacting claims, as described below. These impacts could be particularly severe to the extent they affect access to physical facilities, the physical well-being of large number of employees, RiverSource Life s computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy or release valuable data. Such disasters and catastrophes may also impact RiverSource Life indirectly by changing the condition and behaviors of its customers, business counterparties and regulators, as well as by causing declines or volatility in the economic and financial markets. 
 In particular, there remains some uncertainty around the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Though RiverSource Life is currently navigating hybrid working environments, it recognizes that the pandemic may shift, and it cannot control various governmental responses, imposed quarantines, effectiveness of vaccines and healthcare, or any related regulation that could come from a change in the status of the pandemic. 
 The potential effects of natural and man-made disasters and catastrophes on the business of RiverSource Life include but are not limited to the following: (i) a catastrophic loss of life may materially increase the amount of or accelerate the timing in which benefits are paid under its insurance policies; (ii) an increase in claims and any resulting increase in claims reserves caused by a disaster may harm the financial condition of its reinsurers, thereby impacting the cost and availability of reinsurance and the probability of default on reinsurance recoveries; (iii) widespread unavailability of staff and (iv) declines and volatility in the financial markets could harm its financial condition. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks 
 Legal and regulatory actions are inherent in RiverSource Life s business and could result in financial losses or harm its business. 
 RiverSource Life is, and in the future may be, subject to legal and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of its operations. Actions brought against RiverSource Life may result in awards, settlements, penalties, injunctions or other adverse results, including reputational damage. In addition, RiverSource Life may incur significant expenses in connection with its defense against such actions regardless of their outcome. Various regulatory and governmental bodies have the authority to review RiverSource Life s products and business practices and those of its employees and agents and its affiliates employees and agents and to bring regulatory or other legal actions against RiverSource Life if, in their view, RiverSource Life s practices, or those of its employees and agents and its affiliates employees and agents, are improper. Pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings relating to aspects of RiverSource Life s business and operations that are specific to it and proceedings that are typical of the industries in which it operates. In or as a result of turbulent times, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings generally increase. 
 RiverSource Life s business is regulated heavily, and changes to the laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on RiverSource Life s operations, reputation and financial condition. 
 RiverSource Life is subject to various federal and state laws and regulations, and is required to obtain and maintain licenses for its business in addition to being subject to regulatory oversight. For a discussion of the regulatory framework in which RiverSource Life operates, see Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Regulation. Compliance with these applicable laws and regulations is time-consuming and personnel-intensive, and RiverSource Life has invested and will continue to invest substantial resources to ensure compliance by its parent company and its subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees and affiliated employees and agents. Further, any future legislation or changes to the laws and regulations applicable to RiverSource Life s business, as well as changes to the interpretation and enforcement of such laws and regulations, may affect its financial condition and operations. Legislation could require changes to RiverSource Life s operations and profitability, increase our costs of doing business, increase compliance costs as well as have a material effect on fees and interest rates, which could materially impact RiverSource Life s products, services, investments, results of operations, products and liquidity in ways that RiverSource Life cannot predict. Ongoing changes to regulation and oversight of the financial industry may generate outcomes, the full impact of which cannot be immediately ascertained as government intervention could distort customary and expected commercial behavior. 
 13 

Certain examples of legislative and regulatory changes that may impact RiverSource Life s business are described below. Some of the changes could present operational challenges and increase costs. Ultimately the complexities and increased costs of legislative and regulatory changes could have an impact on RiverSource Life s ability to offer cost-effective and innovative products to its clients. 
 Regulation of Products and Services : Any mandated reductions or restructuring of the fees RiverSource Life charges for its products and services resulting from regulatory initiatives or proceedings could reduce its revenues and/or earnings. For example, the Department of Labor could propose changes to regulations that redefine RiverSource Life s affiliate s advisors relationships with their clients, such as requiring a fiduciary relationship between its affiliate s advisors and clients. 
 Insurance Regulation : Changes in the state regulatory requirements applicable to RiverSource Life insurance companies that are made for the benefit of the consumer sometimes lead to additional expense for the insurer and, thus, could have a material adverse effect on RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations. Further, RiverSource Life cannot predict the effect that proposed federal legislation may have on RiverSource Life s businesses or competitors, such as the option of federally chartered insurers, a mandated federal systemic risk regulator, future initiatives of the FIO within the Department of the Treasury, or by any of the Domiciliary Regulators, the NAIC or the International Association of Insurance Supervisors with respect to insurance holding company supervision, capital standards or systemic risk regulation. As discussed earlier, the FRB s 2019 proposal for a new capital framework for ISLHCs, would create new capital requirements for ISLHCs (even if there are any refinements to the proposal) which could potentially impact the way Ameriprise Financial structures its capital or manages its business (which could in turn have an impact on RiverSource Life). 
 Privacy and Data : RiverSource Life s business is subject to comprehensive legal requirements concerning the use and protection of personal information, including client and employee information, from a multitude of different functional regulators and law enforcement bodies. This regulatory framework is rapidly changing through an ever-increasing patchwork of state laws and regulation and international developments like GDPR. Further developments could negatively impact RiverSource Life s business and operations. 
 Changes in corporate tax laws and regulations and changes in the interpretation of such laws and regulations, as well as adverse determinations regarding the application of such laws and regulations, could adversely affect RiverSource Life s earnings and could make certain products less attractive to clients. 
 RiverSource Life is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities. RiverSource Life must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. In addition, changes to the Internal Revenue Code, state or foreign tax laws, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase RiverSource Life s provision for income taxes and reduce its earnings. Furthermore, guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Treasury and others can be critical to the application and impact of new laws (such as the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) and in avoiding unintended impacts from legislation. The jurisdictions RiverSource Life operates in may not always provide clear guidance that is responsive to industry questions and concerns. If guidance is unclear, it could increase RiverSource Life s taxes or create a potential for disagreement about interpretation of the tax code. 
 Many of the products RiverSource Life issues or on which RiverSource Life s businesses are based (including both insurance products and non-insurance products) receive favorable treatment under current U.S. federal income or estate tax law. Changes in U.S. federal income or estate tax law could reduce or eliminate the tax advantages of certain of RiverSource Life s products and thus make such products less attractive to clients or cause a change in client demand and activity. 
 RiverSource Life may not be able to protect its intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 
 RiverSource Life relies on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws and registrations to establish and protect its intellectual property. Although RiverSource Life uses a broad range of measures to protect its intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate its intellectual property or attempt to use the same to defraud others. RiverSource Life may have to litigate to enforce and protect its brand and reputation, copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which represents a diversion of resources that may be significant in amount and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection of RiverSource Life s intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on its business and its ability to compete. 
 RiverSource Life also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges its operations or activities infringe upon, or constitute misappropriation of, such other party s intellectual property rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents or other protections that could be infringed by RiverSource Life s products, methods, processes or services or could otherwise limit its ability to offer certain product features. Any party that holds a patent could make a claim of infringement against RiverSource Life. The threat of patent litigation from non-practicing entities could impact financial services firms and successful resolution could still have a significant financial impact. RiverSource Life may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark, license usage rights, or misappropriation of trade secret rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant liability for damages. If RiverSource Life were found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, it could incur substantial liability, and in some circumstances, could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to its customers or utilizing and benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, 
 14 

trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on RiverSource Life s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in and the adoption of accounting standards could have a material impact on RiverSource Life s financial statements 
 RiverSource Life s accounting policies provide a standard for how it records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. RiverSource Life prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. It is possible that accounting changes could have a material effect on RiverSource Life s financial condition and results of operations. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC and other regulators often change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of RiverSource Life s financial statements. These changes are difficult to predict and could impose additional governance, internal control and disclosure demands. In some cases, RiverSource Life could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. As an example, in August 2018, the FASB updated the accounting standard related to long-duration insurance and annuity contracts is effective January 1, 2023 and is expected to result in significant changes to how RiverSource Life accounts for and reports its insurance and annuity contracts (both in-force and new business), including updating assumptions used to measure the liability for future policy benefits for traditional and limited-payment contracts, measurement of market risk benefits and amortization of DAC. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company owns and leases office space in Minneapolis, Minnesota. RiverSource Life believes that the various facilities it occupies are suitable and adequate. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a discussion of any material legal proceedings, see Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 All of RiverSource Life Insurance Company s outstanding common stock is owned by Ameriprise Financial, Inc. There is no established public trading market for RiverSource Life Insurance Company s common stock. 
 For discussion regarding RiverSource Life Insurance Company s payment of dividends or distributions and restrictions on those payments, see Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Management s Narrative Analysis - Capital Activity and Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Narrative Analysis 
 
 Overview 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively in this Form 10-K as the Company. The following discussion and management s narrative analysis of the financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A - Risk Factors and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes. 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Management s narrative analysis is presented pursuant to General Instructions I(2) (a) of Form 10-K in lieu of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The Company operates its business in the broader context of the macroeconomic forces around it, including the global and U.S. economies, the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic, changes in interest and inflation rates, financial market volatility, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, geopolitical strain, the competitive environment, client and customer activities and preferences, and the various regulatory and legislative developments. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the Company s operating and performance results. The Company s success may be affected by the factors discussed in Part 1 - Item 1A Risk Factors in this report and other factors as discussed herein. 
 The Company consolidates certain variable interest entities for which it provides investment management services. These entities are defined as consolidated investment entities CIEs ). While the consolidation of the CIEs impacts the Company s balance sheet and 
 15 

income statement, the exposure to these entities is unchanged and there is no impact to the underlying business results. For further information on CIEs, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities related to the CIEs, primarily syndicated loans and debt, are reflected in Net investment income. 
 See Item 1 - Business and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the business. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The accounting and reporting policies that the Company uses affect its Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of the Company s accounting and reporting policies are critical to an understanding of the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the application of these policies can be significantly affected by the estimates, judgments and assumptions made by management during the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting and reporting policies and estimates the Company has identified as fundamental to a full understanding of its financial condition and results of operations are described below. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s accounting policies. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The most significant component of the Company s investments is its Available-for-Sale securities, which the Company carries at fair value within its Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the fair value of Available-for-Sale securities. Financial markets are subject to significant movements in valuation and liquidity, which can impact the Company s ability to liquidate and the selling price that can be realized for the Company s securities and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments. The Company is unable to predict impacts and determine sensitivities in reported amounts reflecting such market movements on its aggregate Available-for-Sale portfolio. Changes to these assumptions do not occur in isolation and it is impracticable to predict such impacts at the individual security unit of measure which are predominately Level 2 fair value and based on observable inputs. 
 Deferred Acquisition Costs 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the Company s DAC accounting policy. 
 Non-Traditional Long-Duration Products 
 For the Company s non-traditional long-duration products (including variable, structured variable and fixed deferred annuity contracts, universal life UL and variable universal life VUL insurance products), the DAC balance at any reporting date is based on projections that show management expects there to be estimated gross profits EGPs after that date to amortize the remaining balance. These projections are inherently uncertain because they require management to make assumptions about financial markets, mortality levels and contractholder and policyholder behavior over periods extending well into the future. Projection periods used for the Company s annuity products are typically 30 to 50 years and for UL insurance products 50 years or longer. 
 EGPs vary based on persistency rates (assumptions at which contractholders and policyholders are expected to surrender, make withdrawals from and make deposits to their contracts), mortality levels, client asset value growth rates (based on equity and bond market performance), variable annuity benefit utilization and interest margins (the spread between earned rates on invested assets and rates credited to contractholder and policyholder accounts). Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and the Company is unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. When assumptions are changed, the percentage of EGPs used to amortize DAC might also change. A change in the required amortization percentage is applied retrospectively; an increase in amortization percentage will result in a decrease in the DAC balance and an increase in DAC amortization expense, while a decrease in amortization percentage will result in an increase in the DAC balance and a decrease in DAC amortization expense. The effect on the DAC balance that would result from the realization of unrealized gains (losses) on securities is recognized with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The client asset value growth rates are the rates at which variable annuity and VUL insurance contract values invested in separate accounts are assumed to appreciate in the future. The rates used vary by equity and fixed income investments. The long-term client asset value growth rates are based on assumed gross annual returns of 9 for equity funds and 5.6 for fixed income funds. The Company typically uses a five-year mean reversion process as a guideline in setting near-term equity fund growth rates based on a long-term view of financial market performance as well as recent actual performance. The suggested near-term equity fund growth rate is reviewed quarterly to ensure consistency with management s assessment of anticipated equity market performance. 
 16 

A decrease of 100 basis points in separate account fund growth rate assumptions is likely to result in an increase in DAC amortization and an increase in benefits and claims expense for variable annuity and VUL insurance contracts. The following table presents the estimated impact to current period pretax income: 
 Estimated Impact to Pretax Income (1) 
 DAC Amortization Benefits and Claims Expense Total (in millions) Decrease in future near- and long-term fixed income fund growth returns by 100 basis points 
 (32) (83) (115) Decrease in future near-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points 
 (31) (61) (92) Decrease in future long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points 
 (19) (41) (60) Decrease in future near- and long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points 
 (50) (102) (152) 
 (1) An increase in the above assumptions by 100 basis points would result in an increase to pretax income for approximately the same amount. 
 An assessment of sensitivity associated with isolated changes of any single assumption is not an indicator of future results. 
 Traditional Long-Duration Products 
 For traditional long-duration products (including traditional life and DI insurance products), the DAC balance at any reporting date is based on projections that show management expects there to be adequate premiums after the reporting date to amortize the remaining balance. These projections are inherently uncertain because they require management to make assumptions over periods extending well into the future. These assumptions include interest rates, persistency rates and mortality and morbidity rates and are not modified (unlocked) unless recoverability testing determines that reserves are inadequate. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and the Company is unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts, or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. Projection periods used for the Company s traditional life insurance are up to 30 years. Projection periods for DI products are up to 45 years. The Company may experience accelerated amortization of DAC if policies terminate earlier than projected or a slower rate of amortization of DAC if policies persist longer than projected. 
 For traditional life and DI insurance products, the assumptions provide for adverse deviations in experience and are revised only if management concludes experience will be so adverse that DAC are not recoverable. If management concludes that DAC are not recoverable, DAC are reduced to the amount that is recoverable based on best estimate assumptions. 
 Future Policy Benefits and Claims 
 The Company establishes reserves to cover the benefits associated with non-traditional and traditional long-duration products. Non-traditional long-duration products include variable and structured variable annuity contracts, fixed annuity contracts and UL and VUL policies. Traditional long-duration products include term life, whole life, DI and LTC insurance products. 
 Guarantees accounted for as insurance liabilities include guaranteed minimum death benefit GMDB ), gain gross-up GGU ), guaranteed minimum income benefit GMIB and the life contingent benefits associated with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit GMWB ). In addition, UL and VUL policies with product features that result in profits followed by losses are accounted for as insurance liabilities. 
 Guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include guaranteed minimum accumulation benefit GMAB and the non-life contingent benefits associated with GMWB. In addition, the portion of structured variable annuities, indexed annuities and indexed universal life IUL policies allocated to the indexed account is accounted for as an embedded derivative. 
 The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements. If actual experience is better than or equal to the results of the estimation process, then reserves should be adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses. If actual experience is worse than the results of the estimation process, additional reserves may be required. 
 Non-Traditional Long-Duration Products, including Embedded Derivatives 
 UL and VUL 
 A portion of the Company s UL and VUL policies have product features that result in profits followed by losses from the insurance component of the contract. These profits followed by losses can be generated by the cost structure of the product or secondary guarantees in the contract. The secondary guarantee ensures that, subject to specified conditions, the policy will not terminate and will continue to provide a death benefit even if there is insufficient policy value to cover the monthly deductions and charges. The liability for these future losses is determined using actuarial models to estimate the death benefits in excess of account value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments (e.g. cost of insurance charges, contractual administrative charges, similar fees and investment margin). Significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to client asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency and investment margins and are consistent with those used for DAC valuation for the same 
 17 

contracts. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and the Company is unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts, or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the liability for contracts with secondary guarantees. 
 Variable Annuities 
 The Company has approximately 74 billion of variable annuity account value that has been issued over a period of more than 50 years. The diversified variable annuity block consists of 32 billion of account value with no living benefit guarantees and 42 billion of account value with living benefit guarantees, primarily GMWB provisions. The business is predominately issued through the Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS financial advisor network. The majority of the variable annuity contracts offered by the Company contain GMDB provisions. The Company also offers variable annuities with death benefit provisions that gross up the amount payable by a certain percentage of contract earnings which are referred to as GGU benefits. The Company discontinued most new sales of GMWB and GMAB by the end of 2021 and new sales were completely discontinued as of mid-2022. The Company also previously offered contracts containing GMIB provisions. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of variable annuity contracts. 
 In determining the liabilities for GMDB, GGU, GMIB and the life contingent benefits associated with GMWB, the Company projects these benefits and contract assessments using actuarial models to simulate various equity market scenarios. Significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency, benefit utilization and investment margins and are consistent with those used for DAC valuation for the same contracts. As with DAC, management reviews, and where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions each quarter. Unless management identifies a material deviation over the course of quarterly monitoring, management reviews and updates these assumptions annually in the third quarter of each year. 
 Regarding the exposure to variable annuity living benefit guarantees, the source of behavioral risk is driven by changes in policyholder surrenders and utilization of guaranteed withdrawal benefits. The Company has extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior. A significant volume of company-specific policyholder experience data is available and provides management with the ability to regularly analyze policyholder behavior. On a monthly basis, actual surrender and benefit utilization experience is compared to expectations. Experience data includes detailed policy information providing the opportunity to review impacts of multiple variables. The ability to analyze differences in experience, such as presence of a living benefit rider, existence of surrender charges, and tax qualifications provides the Company an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. 
 At least annually, the Company performs a thorough policyholder behavior analysis to validate the assumptions included in its benefit reserve, embedded derivative and DAC balances. The variable annuity assumptions and resulting reserve computations reflect multiple policyholder variables. Differentiation in assumptions by policyholder age, existence of surrender charges, guaranteed withdrawal utilization, and tax qualification are examples of factors recognized in establishing management s assumptions used in reserve calculations. The extensive data derived from the Company s variable annuity block informs management in confirming previous assumptions and revising the variable annuity behavior assumptions. Changes in assumptions are governed by a review and approval process to ensure an appropriate measurement of all impacted financial statement balances. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and the Company is unable to predict their movement, sensitivities in reported amounts, offsetting impacts, or future impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements over time or in any given future period. 
 See the table in the previous discussion of Deferred Acquisition Costs for the estimated impact to benefits and claims expense related to variable annuity and VUL insurance contracts resulting from a decrease of 100 basis points in separate account fund growth rate assumptions. 
 Embedded Derivatives 
 The fair value of embedded derivatives related to GMAB and the non-life contingent benefits associated with GMWB provisions fluctuates based on equity, interest rate and credit markets which can cause these embedded derivatives to be either an asset or a liability. The fair value of embedded derivatives related to structured variable annuities, indexed annuities and IUL fluctuates based on equity markets and interest rates and is a liability. In addition, the valuation of embedded derivatives is impacted by an estimate of the Company s nonperformance risk adjustment. This estimate includes a spread over the U.S. Treasury curve as of the balance sheet date. As the Company s estimate of this spread over the U.S. Treasury curve widens or tightens, the liability will decrease or increase. 
 Additionally, the Company s Corporate Actuarial Department calculates the fair value of the embedded derivatives on a monthly basis. During this process, control checks are performed to validate the completeness of the data. Actuarial management approves various components of the valuation along with the final results. The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives is reviewed monthly with senior management. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the fair value measurement of embedded derivatives. 
 Traditional Long-Duration Products 
 Liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported DI and LTC claims include any periodic or other benefit amounts due and accrued, along with estimates of the present value of obligations for continuing benefit payments. These unpaid amounts are calculated using 
 18 

anticipated claim continuance rates based on established industry tables, adjusted as appropriate for the Company s experience. The discount rates used to calculate present values are based on average interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability for unpaid amounts. 
 Liabilities for estimates of benefits that will become payable on future claims on term life, whole life and DI policies are based on the net level premium and LTC policies are based on a gross premium valuation reflecting management s current best estimate assumptions. Net level premium includes anticipated premium payments, mortality and morbidity rates, policy persistency and interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability. Gross premium valuation includes expected premium rate increases, benefit reductions, morbidity rates, policy persistency and interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability. Anticipated mortality and morbidity rates are based on established industry mortality and morbidity tables, with modifications based on the Company s experience. Anticipated premium payments and persistency rates vary by policy form, issue age, policy duration and certain other pricing factors. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 The Company uses derivative instruments to manage its exposure to various market risks. All derivatives are recorded at fair value. The fair value of the Company s derivative instruments is determined using either market quotes or valuation models that are based upon the net present value of estimated future cash flows and incorporate current market observable inputs to the extent available. The Company is unable to predict impacts and determine sensitivities in reported amounts reflecting such market movements on its aggregate derivative portfolio. Changes to assumptions do not occur in isolation and it is impracticable to predict such impacts at the individual security unit of measure which are predominately Level 2 fair value and based on observable inputs. 
 For further details on the types of derivatives the Company uses and how it accounts for them, see Note 2, Note 13 and Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For discussion of the Company s market risk exposures and hedging program and related sensitivity testing, see Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on the Company s future consolidated financial condition or results of operations, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Sources of Revenues and Expenses 
 Premiums 
 Premiums include premiums on traditional life, DI and LTC insurance products and immediate annuities with a life contingent feature and are net of reinsurance premiums. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income primarily includes interest income on fixed maturity securities classified as Available-for-Sale, commercial mortgage loans, policy loans, other investments and cash and cash equivalents and investments of CIEs; the changes in fair value of certain derivatives and certain assets and liabilities of CIEs; and the pro-rata share of net income or loss on equity method investments. 
 Policy and Contract Charges 
 Policy and contract charges include mortality and expense risk fees and certain other charges assessed on annuities and UL and VUL insurance, which consist of cost of insurance charges (net of reinsurance premiums and cost of reinsurance for UL and VUL insurance products), administrative and surrender charges and distribution fees from affiliated funds underlying the Company s variable annuity and VUL products. 
 Net Realized Investment Gains (Losses) 
 Net realized investment gains (losses) primarily include realized gains and losses on the sale of investments and changes for the allowance for credit losses. 
 Other Revenues 
 Other revenues primarily include fees received under marketing support arrangements which are calculated as a percentage of the Company s separate account assets and the accretion on fixed annuities reinsurance deposit receivables. 
 For discussion of the Company s accounting policies on revenue recognition, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Benefits, Claims, Losses and Settlement Expenses 
 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses consist of amounts paid and changes in liabilities held for anticipated future benefit payments under insurance policies and annuity contracts, along with costs to process and pay such amounts. Amounts are net of benefit payments recovered or expected to be recovered under reinsurance contracts. Benefits under variable annuity guarantees include the changes in fair value of GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these benefits, as well as the changes in fair value of derivatives hedging GMDB provisions. The changes in fair value of structured variable annuity embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging this product, as well as the amortization of deferred sales inducement costs DSIC are also included in Benefits, claims losses and settlement expenses. 
 19 

Interest Credited to Fixed Accounts 
 Interest credited to fixed accounts represents amounts earned by contractholders and policyholders on fixed account values associated with UL and VUL insurance and annuity contracts. The changes in fair value of indexed annuities and IUL embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these products are also included within Interest credited to fixed accounts. 
 Amortization of DAC 
 Direct sales commissions and other costs capitalized as DAC are amortized over time. For annuity and UL/VUL contracts, DAC are amortized based on projections of EGPs over amortization periods equal to the approximate life of the business. For other insurance products, DAC are generally amortized as a percentage of premiums over amortization periods equal to the premium-paying period. 
 Interest and Debt Expense 
 Interest and debt expense primarily includes interest on CIE debt and long-term debt. 
 Other Insurance and Operating Expenses 
 Other insurance and operating expenses include expenses allocated to the Company from its parent, Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial ), for the Company s share of compensation, professional and consultant fees and expenses associated with information technology and communications, facilities and equipment, advertising and promotion and legal and regulatory costs. Also included are commissions, sales and marketing expenses and other operating expenses. These expenses are presented net of acquisition cost deferrals. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents the Company s consolidated results of operations: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 
 2021 
 (in millions) Revenues Premiums 306 (871) 1,177 NM Net investment income 827 827 Policy and contract charges 2,091 2,304 (213) (9) Other revenues 644 616 28 5 Net realized investment gains (losses) (100) 595 (695) NM Total revenues 3,768 3,471 297 9 Benefits and expenses Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 1,366 715 651 91 Interest credited to fixed accounts 665 600 65 11 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 196 112 84 75 Interest and debt expense 108 105 3 3 Other insurance and operating expenses 670 738 (68) (9) Total benefits and expenses 3,005 2,270 735 32 Pretax income 763 1,201 (438) (36) Income tax provision (benefit) 50 137 (87) (64) Net income 713 1,064 (351) (33) NM Not Meaningful. 
 Overall 
 Net income decreased 351 million, or 33 , for 2022 compared to the prior year. Pretax income decreased 438 million, or 36 , for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 The following impacts were significant drivers of the year-over-year change in pretax income: 
 The prior year impact of the block transfer reinsurance transaction resulted in 521 million of pretax income for 2021 primarily reflecting the net realized gains on investments sold to the reinsurer. 
 The impact on variable annuity and VUL products for the difference between assumed and updated separate account investment performance on DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue amortization, reinsurance accrual and additional insurance benefit reserves 
 20 

mean reversion related impact was an expense of 268 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 152 million for the prior year. 
 The unfavorable impact of unlocking was 161 million for 2022 compared to a favorable impact of 17 million for the prior year. 
 A 37 million unfavorable impact due to more normalized long term care LTC insurance claims in the current period compared to the benefit of COVID-19 related impacts in the prior year. 
 Net realized investment losses of 100 million for 2022 were primarily driven by the fixed maturity bond portfolio repositioning in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The market impact on non-traditional long-duration products (including variable and fixed deferred annuity contracts and universal life UL insurance contracts), net of hedges and the related DSIC and DAC amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual was a benefit of 211 million for 2022 compared to an expense of 656 million for the prior year. 
 The Company s variable annuity account balances decreased 19 to 74.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year due to market depreciation and net outflows of 2.1 billion. Variable annuity sales decreased 33 to 4.0 billion for 2022 compared to the prior year reflecting a decrease in sales of variable annuities with living benefit guarantees. The risk profile of its in force block continues to improve, with account values with living benefit riders down to 57 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 61 a year ago. This trend is expected to continue and meaningfully shift the mix of business away from products with living benefit guarantees over time. 
 The Company continues to optimize its risk profile and shift its business mix to lower risk offerings. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company made the decision to discontinue new sales of its variable annuities with living benefit guarantees at the end of 2021, and stopped issuing new contracts as of mid-2022. In addition, the Company discontinued new sales of its universal life insurance with secondary guarantees and its single-pay fixed universal life with a long term care rider products at the end of 2021. 
 Fixed deferred annuity account balances declined 6 to 7.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year as surrender trends continue. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company closed on a transaction to reinsure RiverSource Life s fixed deferred and immediate annuity policies. 
 In the third quarter of the year, management updated its market-related assumptions and implemented model changes related to the living benefit valuation. In addition, management conducted its annual review of life insurance and annuity valuation assumptions relative to current experience and management expectations including modeling changes. These aforementioned changes are collectively referred to as unlocking. Management also reviewed its active life future policy benefit reserve adequacy for its LTC business in the third quarter. 
 The following table presents the total pretax impacts on the Company s revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking and LTC loss recognition for the years ended December 31: 
 Pretax Increase (Decrease) 2022 
 2021 
 (in millions) Policy and contract charges 1 19 Total revenues 1 19 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses: LTC unlocking and loss recognition 3 Unlocking impact, excluding LTC 170 59 Total benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 170 62 Amortization of DAC (8) (60) Total benefits and expenses 162 2 Pretax income (161) 17 
 The primary drivers of the year-over-year unlocking impact include the following items: 
 Mortality assumption on variable annuities with living benefit guarantees resulted in a higher expense in 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Equity market volatility and correlation assumptions on variable annuities resulted in an unfavorable impact in 2022 compared to a favorable impact in the prior year. 
 Revenues 
 Premiums increased 1.2 billion for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting ceded premiums of 1.2 billion associated with the reinsurance transaction for life contingent immediate annuity policies in the prior year. 
 21 

Policy and contract charges decreased 213 million, or 9 , for 2022 compared to the prior year period reflecting lower mortality and expense fees due to market depreciation, as well as the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact of IUL benefits, which was a benefit of 13 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 38 million for the prior year. 
 Other revenues increased 28 million, or 5 , for 2022 compared to the prior year period primarily reflecting the yield on deposit receivables arising from reinsurance transactions, partially offset by lower fees from decreased account balances due to market depreciation. 
 Net realized investment losses were 100 million for 2022 compared to net realized investment gains of 595 million for the prior year. For 2022, net realized investment losses were primarily driven by the fixed maturity portfolio repositioning in the fourth quarter of 2022. For 2021, net realized investment gains included net realized gains of 556 million on Available-for-Sale securities and net realized gains of 59 million primarily related to commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans. These net realized gains are primarily due to the sale of securities and loans to the reinsurer as a result of the fixed deferred and immediate annuity reinsurance transaction that closed in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Benefits and Expenses 
 Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased 651 million, or 91 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the following items: 
 A 1.2 billion decrease in expense associated with the reinsurance transaction for life contingent immediate annuity policies in the prior year. 
 A 145 million increase in expense primarily reflecting the impact of year-over-year changes in the unhedged nonperformance credit spread risk adjustment on variable annuity guaranteed benefits. 
 An 1.0 billion decrease in expense from other market impacts on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges in place to offset those risks and the related DSIC amortization. This decrease was the result of a favorable 1.2 billion change in the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed living benefits reserves, partially offset by an unfavorable 127 million change in the market impact on derivatives hedging the variable annuity guaranteed benefits. The main market drivers contributing to these changes are summarized below: 
 Equity market impact on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in a benefit for 2022 compared to an expense in the prior year. 
 Interest rate impact on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in a higher expense for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Volatility impact on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in a lower expense for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Other unhedged items, including the difference between the assumed and actual underlying separate account investment performance, fixed income credit exposures, transaction costs and various contractholder behavioral items, were a lower net benefit for 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 The impact of unlocking was an expense of 170 million for 2022 primarily reflecting continued lower surrender rates and updated mortality assumptions for variable annuities with living benefits compared to an expense of 59 million for the prior year which was also driven by lower surrender rates. 
 The mean reversion related impact was an expense of 159 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 91 million for the prior year. 
 Interest credited to fixed accounts increased 65 million, or 11 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the following items: 
 An 23 million decrease in expense from the unhedged nonperformance credit spread risk adjustment on IUL benefits. The favorable impact of the nonperformance credit spread was 13 million for 2022 compared to an unfavorable impact of 10 million for the prior year. 
 A 105 million increase in expense from other market impacts on IUL benefits, net of hedges, which was an expense of 51 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 54 million for the prior year. The increase in expense was primarily due to an increase in the IUL embedded derivative in the current year period, which reflected higher option costs due to a higher new money rate, compared to a decrease in the IUL embedded derivative in the prior year period, which reflected lower option costs due to higher discount rates. 
 Amortization of DAC increased 84 million, or 75 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the following items: 
 The mean reversion related impact was an expense of 108 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 60 million for the prior year. 
 The impact of unlocking in 2022 was a benefit of 8 million compared to a benefit of 60 million in the prior year. 
 The DAC offset to the market impact on non-traditional long-duration products was a benefit of 106 million for 2022 compared to a benefit of 51 million for the prior year. 
 22 

A decrease in amortization reflecting lower than expected client exit rates. 
 Other insurance and operating expenses decreased 68 million, or 9 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting lower distribution expenses and lower expenses from the consolidation of CIEs. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company s effective tax rate was 6.6 for 2022 compared to 11.4 for the prior year. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on income taxes. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company reports certain assets and liabilities at fair value; specifically, separate account assets, derivatives, embedded derivatives, most investments and cash equivalents. Fair value assumes the exchange of assets or liabilities occurs in orderly transactions and is not the result of a forced liquidation or distressed sale. The Company includes actual market prices, or observable inputs, in its fair value measurements to the extent available. Broker quotes are obtained when quotes from pricing services are not available. The Company validates prices obtained from third parties through a variety of means such as: price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing, stale price review, price comparison across pricing vendors and due diligence reviews of vendors. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company s fair value measurements. 
 Fair Value of Liabilities and Nonperformance Risk 
 Companies are required to measure the fair value of liabilities at the price that would be received to transfer the liability to a market participant (an exit price). Since there is not a market for the Company s obligations of its variable annuity riders, fixed deferred indexed annuities, structured variable annuities, and IUL insurance, the Company considers the assumptions participants in a hypothetical market would make to reflect an exit price. As a result, the Company adjusts the valuation of variable annuity riders, fixed deferred indexed annuities, structured variable annuities, and IUL insurance by updating certain contractholder assumptions, adding explicit margins to provide for risk, and adjusting the rates used to discount expected cash flows to reflect a market estimate of the Company s nonperformance risk. The nonperformance risk adjustment is based on observable market data adjusted to estimate the risk of the Company not fulfilling these liabilities. Consistent with general market conditions, this estimate resulted in a spread over the U.S. Treasury curve as of December 31, 2022. As the Company s estimate of this spread widens or tightens, the liability will decrease or increase. If this nonperformance credit spread moves to a zero spread over the U.S. Treasury curve, the reduction to future net income would be approximately 359 million, net of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue amortization, the reinsurance accrual and income taxes (calculated at the statutory tax rate of 21 ), based on December 31, 2022 credit spreads. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Strategy 
 The liquidity requirements of the Company are generally met by funds provided by investment income, maturities and periodic repayments of investments, premiums and proceeds from sales of investments, fixed annuity and fixed insurance deposits as well as capital contributions from its parent, Ameriprise Financial. Other liquidity sources the Company has established are short-term borrowings and available lines of credit with Ameriprise Financial, aggregating 854 million. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the lines of credit. 
 The Company enters into short-term borrowings, which may include repurchase agreements and Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances to reduce reinvestment risk. Short-term borrowings allow the Company to receive cash to reinvest in longer-duration assets, while maintaining the flexibility to pay back the short-term debt with cash flows generated by the fixed income portfolio. RiverSource Life Insurance Company is a member of the FHLB of Des Moines, which provides RiverSource Life Insurance Company access to collateralized borrowings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had estimated maximum borrowing capacity of 3.9 billion and 4.0 billion, respectively, under the FHLB facility, of which 201 million and 200 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is collateralized with commercial mortgage backed securities. 
 Short-term contractual obligations for the year 2023 include estimated insurance and annuity benefits of 1.8 billion in addition to operating liquidity needs. Long-term contractual obligations for years after 2023 include estimated insurance and annuity benefits of 49.3 billion. 
 See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s long-term debt. 
 The primary uses of funds are policy benefits, commissions, other product-related acquisition and sales inducement costs, operating expenses, policy loans, dividends to Ameriprise Financial and investment purchases. The Company routinely reviews its sources and uses of funds in order to meet its ongoing obligations. The Company believes these cash flows will be sufficient to fund its short-term and long-term operating liquidity needs and dividends to Ameriprise Financial. 
 In 2009, River Source Life Insurance Company established an agreement to protect its exposure to Genworth Life Insurance Company GLIC for its reinsured LTC. In 2016, substantial enhancements to this reinsurance protection agreement were finalized. The terms of these confidential provisions within the agreement have been shared, in the normal course of regular reviews, with the Company s domiciliary regulator and rating agencies. GLIC is domiciled in Delaware, so in the event GLIC were subjected to rehabilitation or insolvency proceedings, such proceedings would be located in (and governed by) Delaware laws. Delaware courts have a long 
 23 

tradition of respecting commercial and reinsurance affairs, as well as contracts among sophisticated parties. Similar credit protections to what RiverSource Life Insurance Company has with GLIC have been tested and respected in Delaware and elsewhere in the United States, and as a result RiverSource Life Insurance Company believes its credit protections would be respected even in the unlikely event that GLIC becomes subject to rehabilitation or insolvency proceedings in Delaware. Accordingly, while no credit protections are perfect, RiverSource Life Insurance Company believes the correct way to think about the risks represented by its counterparty credit exposure to GLIC is not the full amount of the gross liability that GLIC reinsures, but a much smaller net exposure to GLIC (if any that might exist after taking into account RiverSource Life Insurance Company s credit protections). Thus, management believes that this agreement and offsetting non LTC legacy arrangements with Genworth Financial, Inc. will enable RiverSource Life Insurance Company to recover on all net exposure in all material respects in the event of a rehabilitation or insolvency of GLIC. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s nursing home indemnity LTC block had approximately 71 million in gross in force annual premium and future policyholder benefits and claim reserves of approximately 1.3 billion, net of reinsurance, which was 51 of GAAP reserves. This block has been shrinking over the last few years given the average attained age is 83 and the average attained age of policyholders on claim is 88. Fifty-four percent of daily benefits in force in this block come from policies that have a lifetime benefit period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s comprehensive reimbursement LTC block had approximately 114 million in gross in force annual premium and future policyholder benefits and claim reserves of approximately 1.3 billion, net of reinsurance. This block has higher premiums per policy than the nursing home indemnity LTC policies. The average attained age is 79 and the average attained age of policyholders on claim is 85. Thirty-five percent of daily benefits in force in this block come from policies that have a lifetime benefit period. 
 The Company utilizes three primary levers to manage its LTC business. First, the Company has taken an active approach of steadily increasing rates since 2005, with cumulative rate increases of 237 on its nursing home indemnity LTC block and 135 on its comprehensive reimbursement LTC block as of December 31, 2022. Second, the Company has a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of its blocks. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 41,000 policies that were closed with claim activity, as well as 8,000 open claims. The Company applies this experience to its in force policies, which were 86,000 as of December 31, 2022, at a very granular level by issue year, attained age and benefit features. The Company s statutory reserves are 374 million higher than its GAAP reserves and include margins on key assumptions for morbidity and mortality, as well as 345 million in asset adequacy reserves as of December 31, 2022. Lastly, the Company has prudently managed its investment portfolio primarily through a liquid, investment grade portfolio. 
 The Company undertakes an extensive review of active life future policy benefit reserve adequacy annually during the third quarter of each year, or more frequently if appropriate, using current best estimate assumptions as of the date of the review. The annual review process includes an analysis of its key reserve assumptions, including those for morbidity, terminations (mortality and lapses), premium rate increases, and investment yields. 
 
 Capital Activity 
 Cash dividends and return of capital or distributions paid and received by RiverSource Life Insurance Company were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in millions) Dividends paid to Ameriprise Financial 
 600 1,900 800 Dividend received from RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York 
 63 Dividends received from RiverSource Tax Advantaged Investments, Inc. 
 50 95 Return of capital received from RiverSource Tax Advantaged Investments, Inc. 80 
 On February 17, 2023, RiverSource Life Insurance Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of up to 200 million to Ameriprise Financial, payable on or after March 20, 2023, pending approval by the Minnesota Department of Commerce. 
 For dividends or distributions from the life insurance companies, notifications to state insurance regulators were made in advance of payments in excess of statutorily defined thresholds. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 24 

Regulatory Capital 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Life of NY are subject to regulatory capital requirements. Actual capital, determined on a statutory basis, and regulatory capital requirements as of December 31 for each of the life insurance entities are as follows: 
 Actual Capital (1) 
 Regulatory Capital Requirement (2) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in millions) RiverSource Life Insurance Company 3,103 3,419 571 502 RiverSource Life of NY 320 310 40 42 
 (1) Actual capital, as defined by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners for purposes of meeting regulatory capital requirements, includes statutory capital and surplus, plus certain statutory valuation reserves. 
 (2) Regulatory capital requirement is the company action level and is based on the statutory risk-based capital filing. 
 
 Risk Management 
 In accordance with regulatory investment guidelines, RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Life of NY, through their respective boards of directors or board of directors investment committees or staff functions, review models projecting different interest rate scenarios, risk/return measures, and their effect on profitability in order to guide the management of the general account assets. They also review the distribution of assets in the portfolio by type and credit risk sector. The objective is to structure the investment securities portfolio in the general account to meet contractual obligations under the insurance and annuity products and achieve targeted levels of profitability within defined risk parameters. 
 The Company has developed an asset/liability management approach with separate investment objectives to support specific product liabilities, such as insurance and annuities. As part of this approach, the Company develops specific investment guidelines that are designed to optimize trade-offs between risk and return and help ensure the Company is able to support future benefit payments under its insurance and annuity obligations. These same objectives must be consistent with management s overall investment objectives for the general account investment portfolio. 
 The Company s owned investment securities are primarily invested in long-term and intermediate-term fixed maturity securities to earn a competitive rate of return on investments while managing risk. Investments in fixed maturity securities are designed to provide the Company with a targeted margin between the yield earned on investments and the interest rate credited to clients accounts. The Company does not trade in securities to generate short-term profits for its own account. 
 As part of the Company s investment process, management, with the assistance of its investment advisors, conducts a quarterly review of investment performance. The review process involves the review of certain invested assets which the committee evaluates to determine whether or not any investments are other-than-temporarily impaired and/or which specific interest earning investments should be put on an interest non-accrual basis. 
 The Company has interest rate risk and equity market risk. Interest rate risk can result from investing in assets that do not exactly match the cash flow profile of the liabilities they support. The Company manages interest rate risk through the use of a variety of tools that include managing the duration of investments supporting its fixed annuities and insurance products. Additionally, the Company enters into derivative instruments, such as structured derivatives, options, futures and swaps, which change the interest rate characteristics of client liabilities or investment assets. Because certain of its investment activities are impacted by the value of its managed equity-based portfolios, from time to time the Company enters into risk management strategies that may include the use of equity derivative instruments, such as equity options, to mitigate its exposure to volatility in the equity markets. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The Company s primary market risk exposures are interest rate, equity price and credit risk. Equity price and interest rate fluctuations can have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations, primarily due to the effects on asset-based fees and expenses, the spread income generated on its fixed deferred annuities, fixed insurance and the fixed portion of its variable annuities and variable insurance contracts, the value of DAC and DSIC assets, the value of liabilities for guaranteed benefits associated with its variable annuities and the value of derivatives held to hedge these benefits. 
 The guaranteed benefits associated with the Company s variable annuities are GMWB, GMAB, GMDB and GMIB. Each of these benefits guarantees payouts to the annuity holder under certain specific conditions regardless of the performance of the underlying invested assets. 
 The variable annuity guarantees continue to be managed by utilizing a hedging program which attempts to match the sensitivity of the assets with the sensitivity of the liabilities. This approach works with the premise that matched sensitivities will produce a highly effective hedging result. The Company s comprehensive hedging program focuses mainly on first order sensitivities of assets and liabilities: Equity Market Level (Delta), Interest Rate Level (Rho) and Volatility (Vega). Additionally, various second order sensitivities are managed. The Company uses various options, swaptions, swaps and futures to manage risk exposures. The exposures are measured and monitored daily and adjustments to the hedge portfolio are made as necessary. 
 25 

The Company has a macro hedge program to provide protection against the statutory tail scenario risk arising from variable annuity reserves on its statutory surplus and to cover some of the residual risks not covered by other hedging activities. The Company assesses this residual risk under a range of scenarios in creating and executing the macro hedge program. As a means of economically hedging these risks, the Company may use a combination of futures, options, swaps and swaptions. Certain of the macro hedge derivatives used contain settlement provisions linked to both equity returns and interest rates; the remaining are interest rate contracts or equity contracts. The macro hedge program could result in additional earnings volatility as changes in the value of the macro hedge derivatives, which are designed to reduce statutory capital volatility, may not be closely aligned to changes in the variable annuity guarantee embedded derivatives. 
 To evaluate interest rate and equity price risk, the Company performs sensitivity testing which measures the impact on pretax income from the sources listed below for a 12-month period following a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates or a hypothetical 10 decline in equity prices. The interest rate risk test assumes a sudden 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve, with rates then staying at those levels for the next 12 months. The equity price risk test assumes a sudden 10 drop in equity prices, with equity prices then staying at those levels for the next 12 months. In estimating the values of variable annuities, indexed annuities, IUL insurance and the associated hedge assets, the Company assumed no change in implied market volatility despite the 10 drop in equity prices. 
 The following tables present the Company s estimate of the impact on pretax income from the above defined hypothetical market movements as of December 31, 2022: 
 Equity Price Decline 10 Equity Price Exposure to Pretax Income Before Hedge Impact Hedge Impact Net Impact (in millions) Asset-based fees and expenses 
 (54) (54) DAC and DSIC amortization (1)(2) 
 (42) (42) Variable annuity riders and structured variable annuities: 
 GMDB and GMIB (2) 
 (33) (33) GMWB (2) 
 (534) 489 (45) GMAB 
 (31) 31 Structured variable annuities 494 (463) 31 DAC and DSIC amortization (3) 
 N/A N/A (3) Total variable annuity riders and structured variable annuities 
 (104) 57 (50) Macro hedge program (4) 
 230 230 IUL insurance 
 15 (30) (15) Total 
 (185) 257 69 
 Interest Rate Increase 100 Basis Points Interest Rate Exposure to Pretax Income Before Hedge Impact Hedge Impact Net Impact (in millions) Asset-based fees and expenses 
 (12) (12) Variable annuity riders and structured variable annuities: 
 GMWB 
 702 (766) (64) GMAB 
 1 (1) Structured variable annuities (29) 183 154 DAC and DSIC amortization (3) 
 N/A N/A (20) Total variable annuity riders and structured variable annuities 
 674 (584) 70 Macro hedge program (4) 
 (313) (313) Fixed annuities, fixed insurance and fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance products 57 57 IUL insurance 
 18 2 20 Total 
 737 (895) (178) 
 N/A Not Applicable. 
 (1) Market impact on DAC and DSIC amortization resulting from lower projected profits. 
 (2) In estimating the impact to pretax income on DAC and DSIC amortization and additional insurance benefit reserves, the assumed equity asset growth rates reflect what management would follow in its mean reversion guidelines. 
 (3) Market impact on DAC and DSIC amortization related to variable annuity riders and structured variable annuities is modeled net of hedge impact. 
 (4) The market impact of the macro hedge program is modeled net of any related impact to DAC and DSIC amortization. 
 26 

The above results compare to an estimated positive net impact to pretax income of 98 million related to a 10 equity price decline and an estimated negative net impact to pretax income of 170 million related to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates as of December 31, 2021. The change in interest rate exposure as of December 31, 2022 compared to prior year-end was primarily driven by additional downside rate protection added in the macro hedge program. 
 Net impacts shown in the above table from GMWB riders result largely from differences between the liability valuation basis and the hedging basis. Liabilities are valued using fair value accounting principles, with risk margins incorporated in contractholder behavior assumptions and with discount rates increased to reflect a current market estimate of the Company s risk of nonperformance specific to these liabilities. The Company s hedging is based on its determination of economic risk, which excludes certain items in the liability valuation including the nonperformance spread risk. 
 Actual results could differ materially from those illustrated above as they are based on a number of estimates and assumptions. These include assuming that implied market volatility does not change when equity prices fall by 10 and that the 100 basis point increase in interest rates is a parallel shift of the yield curve. Furthermore, the Company has not tried to anticipate changes in client preferences for different types of assets or other changes in client behavior, nor has the Company tried to anticipate all strategic actions management might take to increase revenues or reduce expenses in these scenarios. 
 The selection of a 100 basis point interest rate increase as well as a 10 equity price decline should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. Impacts of larger or smaller changes in interest rates or equity prices may not be proportional to those shown for a 100 basis point increase in interest rates or a 10 decline in equity prices. 
 Asset-Based Fees and Expenses 
 The Company earns asset-based management fees on its owned separate account assets partially offset by certain expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the value of these assets was 70.9 billion. This source of revenue is subject to both interest rate and equity price risk since the value of these assets and the fees they earn fluctuate inversely with interest rates and directly with equity prices. The Company does not currently hedge the interest rate or equity price risk of this exposure. 
 DAC and DSIC Amortization 
 For annuity and UL/VUL products, DAC and DSIC are amortized on the basis of EGPs. EGPs are a proxy for pretax income prior to the recognition of DAC and DSIC amortization expense. When events occur that reduce or increase current period EGPs, DAC and DSIC amortization expense is typically reduced or increased as well, somewhat mitigating the impact of the event on pretax income. 
 Variable Annuity Riders 
 The total contract value of all variable annuities as of December 31, 2022 was 74.4 billion. These contract values include GMWB and GMAB contracts which were 41.1 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, reserves for GMWB were net liabilities of 1.9 billion and reserves for GMAB were net assets of 35 million. The GMWB and GMAB reserves include the fair value of embedded derivatives, which fluctuates based on equity, interest rate and credit markets which can cause these embedded derivatives to be either an asset or a liability. As of December 31, 2022, the reserve for GMDB and GMIB was a net liability of 56 million. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The variable annuity guaranteed benefits guarantee payouts to the annuity holder under certain specific conditions regardless of the performance of the investment assets. For this reason, when equity prices decline, the returns from the separate account assets coupled with guaranteed benefit fees from annuity holders may not be sufficient to fund expected payouts. In that case, reserves must be increased with a negative impact to the Company s earnings. 
 The core derivative instruments with which the Company hedges the equity price risk of its GMWB and GMAB provisions are longer dated put and call options; these core instruments are supplemented with equity futures and total return swaps. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company s derivative instruments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The GMAB and the non-life contingent benefits associated with the GMWB provisions create embedded derivatives which are carried at fair value separately from the underlying host variable annuity contract. Changes in the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB liabilities are recorded through earnings with fair value calculated based on projected, discounted cash flows over the life of the contract, including projected, discounted benefits and fees. Increases in interest rates reduce the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB liabilities. The GMWB and GMAB interest rate exposure is hedged with a portfolio of longer dated put and call options, futures, interest rate swaps and swaptions. The Company entered into interest rate swaps according to risk exposures along maturities, thus creating both fixed rate payor and variable rate payor terms. If interest rates were to increase, the Company would have to pay more to the swap counterparty and the fair value of its equity puts would decrease, resulting in a negative impact to the Company s pretax income. 
 27 

Structured Variable Annuities 
 Structured variable annuities offer the contract-holder the ability to allocate premiums to either an account that earns fixed interest (fixed account) or an account that credits interest based on the performance of various equity indices (indexed account) subject to a cap, floor, or buffer. Our earnings are based upon the spread between investment income earned and the credits made to the fixed and indexed accounts of the structured variable annuities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 6.6 billion in liabilities related to structured variable annuities. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk as the amount credited depends on changes in equity prices. The equity price risk for structured variable annuities is evaluated together with the variable annuity riders as part of a hedge program using the derivative instruments consistent with the hedging on variable annuity riders. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The fair value of the embedded derivative associated with structured variable annuities is based on a discounted cash flow approach. Changes in interest rates impact the discounting of the embedded derivative liability. The spread between the investment income earned and amounts credited to contract-holders is also affected by changes in interest rates. These interest rate risks associated with structured variable annuities are not currently hedged. 
 Fixed Annuities, Fixed Insurance and Fixed Portion of Variable Annuities and Variable Insurance Contracts 
 The Company s earnings from fixed deferred annuities, fixed insurance, and the fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance contracts are based upon the spread between rates earned on assets held and the rates at which interest is credited to accounts. The Company primarily invests in fixed rate securities to fund the rate credited to clients. The Company guarantees an interest rate to the holders of these products. Investment assets and client liabilities generally differ as it relates to basis, repricing or maturity characteristics. Rates credited to clients accounts generally reset at shorter intervals than the yield on the underlying investments. Therefore, in an increasing interest rate environment, higher interest rates may be reflected in crediting rates to clients sooner than in rates earned on invested assets, which could result in a reduced spread between the two rates, reduced earned income and a negative impact on pretax income. While interest rates under the current environment have relieved some pressure from the liability guaranteed minimum interest rates GMIRs ), there are still some GMIRs above current levels. Hence, liability credited rates will move more slowly under a modest rise in interest rates while projected asset purchases would capture the full increase in interest rates. This dynamic would result in widening spreads under a modestly rising rate scenario given the current relationship between the current level of interest rates and the underlying GMIRs on the business. Of the 36.1 billion in Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims as of December 31, 2022, 24.9 billion is related to liabilities created by these products. The Company does not hedge this exposure. 
 As a result of the current market environment, reinvestment yields are becoming more aligned with the current portfolio yield. The Company would expect the recent decline in its portfolio income yields to slow and begin to stabilize in future periods under the current environment. The carrying value and weighted average yield of non-structured fixed maturity securities and commercial mortgage loans that may generate proceeds to reinvest through 2024 due to prepayment, maturity or call activity at the option of the issuer, excluding securities with a make-whole provision, were 0.9 billion and 3.8 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. In addition, residential mortgage backed securities, which can be subject to prepayment risk under a low interest rate environment, totaled 3.0 billion and had a weighted average yield of 3.5 as of December 31, 2022. While these amounts represent investments that could be subject to reinvestment risk, it is also possible that these investments will be used to fund liabilities or may not be prepaid and will remain invested at their current yields. In addition to the interest rate environment, the mix of benefit payments versus product sales as well as the timing and volumes associated with such mix may impact the Company s investment yield. Furthermore, reinvestment activities and the associated investment yield may also be impacted by corporate strategies implemented at management s discretion. The average yield for investment purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 4.8 . 
 The reinvestment of proceeds from maturities, calls and prepayments at rates near the current portfolio yield will have limited impact to future operating results. In the volatile rate environment, the Company assesses reinvestment risk in its investment portfolio and monitors this risk in accordance with its asset/liability management framework. In addition, the Company may update the crediting rates on its fixed products when warranted, subject to guaranteed minimums. 
 28 

The following table presents the account values of fixed deferred annuities, fixed insurance, and the fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance contracts by range of GMIRs and the range of the difference between rates credited to policyholders and contractholders as of December 31, 2022 and the respective guaranteed minimums, as well as the percentage of account values subject to rate reset in the time period indicated. Rates are reset at the Company s discretion, subject to guaranteed minimums. 
 Account Values with Crediting Rates At Guaranteed Minimum 1-49 bps above Guaranteed Minimum 50-99 bps above Guaranteed Minimum 100-150 bps above Guaranteed Minimum Total (in billions, except percentages) Range of Guaranteed Minimum Crediting Rates 1 - 1.99 0.6 0.5 0.2 0.1 1.4 2 - 2.99 0.5 0.5 3 - 3.99 7.0 7.0 4 - 5.00 5.5 5.5 Total 13.6 0.5 0.2 0.1 14.4 Percentage of Account Values That Reset In: Next 12 months (1) 
 100 95 93 100 100 > 12 months to 24 months (2) 
 4 6 > 24 months (2) 
 1 1 Total 100 100 100 100 100 
 (1) Includes contracts with annual discretionary crediting rate resets and contracts with 12 or less months until the crediting rate becomes discretionary on an annual basis. 
 (2) Includes contracts with more than 12 months remaining until the crediting rate becomes an annual discretionary rate. 
 Equity Indexed Annuities 
 The Company s equity indexed annuity EIA product is a single premium annuity issued with an initial term of seven years. The annuity guarantees the contractholder a minimum return of 3 on 90 of the initial premium or end of prior term accumulation value upon renewal plus a return that is linked to the performance of the S P 500 Index. The equity-linked return is based on a participation rate initially set at between 50 and 90 of the S P 500 Index which is guaranteed for the initial seven-year term when the contract is held to full term. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 16 million in liabilities related to EIAs. The Company discontinued new sales of EIAs in 2007. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk as the amount credited depends on changes in equity prices. To hedge this exposure, the Company purchases futures which generate returns to replicate what the Company must credit to client accounts. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Most of the proceeds received from EIAs are invested in fixed income securities with the return on those investments intended to fund the 3 guarantee. The Company earns income from the difference between the return earned on invested assets and the 3 guarantee rate credited to customer accounts. The spread between return earned and amount credited is affected by changes in interest rates. This risk is not currently hedged and was immaterial as of December 31, 2022. 
 Indexed Universal Life 
 IUL insurance is similar to UL in many regards, although the rate of credited interest above the minimum guarantee for funds allocated to an indexed account is linked to the performance of the specified index for the indexed account (subject to stated account parameters, which include a cap and floor, or a spread and floor). The Company offers an S P 500 Index account option and a blended multi-index account option comprised of the S P 500 Index, the MSCI EAFE Index and the MSCI EM Index. Both options offer two crediting durations, one-year and two-year. The policyholder may allocate all or a portion of the policy value to a fixed or any available indexed account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 2.5 billion in liabilities related to the indexed accounts of IUL, with the vast majority in the S P 500 Index account option. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk as the amount credited depends on changes in equity prices. Most of the proceeds received from IUL insurance are invested in fixed income securities. To hedge the equity exposure, a portion of the investment earnings received from the fixed income securities is used to purchase call spreads which generate returns to replicate what the Company must credit to client accounts. 
 29 

Interest Rate Risk 
 As mentioned above, most of the proceeds received from IUL insurance are invested in fixed income securities with the return on those investments intended to fund the purchase of call spreads and options. There are two risks relating to interest rates. First, the Company has the risk that investment returns are such that it does not have enough investment income to purchase the needed call spreads. Second, in the event the policy is surrendered, the Company pays out a book value surrender amount and there is a risk that it will incur a loss upon having to sell the fixed income securities backing the liability (if interest rates have risen). This risk is not currently hedged. 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company is exposed to credit risk within its investment portfolio, including its loan portfolio, and through its derivative and reinsurance activities. Credit risk relates to the uncertainty of an obligor s continued ability to make timely payments in accordance with the contractual terms of the financial instrument or contract. The Company considers its total potential credit exposure to each counterparty and its affiliates to ensure compliance with pre-established credit guidelines at the time it enters into a transaction which would potentially increase the Company s credit risk. These guidelines and oversight of credit risk are managed through a comprehensive enterprise risk management program that includes members of senior management. 
 The Company manages the risk of credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties by applying disciplined fundamental credit analysis and underwriting standards, prudently limiting exposures to lower-quality, higher-yielding investments, and diversifying exposures by issuer, industry, region and underlying investment type. The Company remains exposed to occasional adverse cyclical economic downturns during which default rates may be significantly higher than the long-term historical average used in pricing. 
 The Company manages its credit risk related to over-the-counter derivatives by entering into transactions with creditworthy counterparties, maintaining collateral arrangements and through the use of master netting arrangements that provide for a single net payment to be made by one counterparty to another at each due date and upon termination. Generally, the Company s current credit exposure on over-the-counter derivative contracts is limited to a derivative counterparty s net positive fair value of derivative contracts after taking into consideration the existence of netting arrangements and any collateral received. This exposure is monitored and managed to an acceptable threshold level. 
 The counterparty risk for centrally cleared over-the-counter derivatives is transferred to a central clearing party through contract novation. Because the central clearing party monitors open positions and adjusts collateral requirements daily, the Company has minimal credit exposure from such derivative instruments. 
 Exchange-traded derivatives are effected through regulated exchanges that require contract standardization and initial margin to transact through the exchange. Because exchange-traded futures are marked to market and generally cash settled on a daily basis, the Company has minimal exposure to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to such derivative instruments. Other exchange-traded derivatives would be exposed to nonperformance by counterparties for amounts in excess of initial margin requirements only if the exchange is unable to fulfill the contract. 
 The Company manages its credit risk related to reinsurance treaties by evaluating the financial condition of reinsurance counterparties prior to entering into new reinsurance treaties. In addition, the Company regularly evaluates their financial strength during the terms of the treaties. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s largest reinsurance credit risks are related to coinsurance treaties with Commonwealth and with life insurance subsidiaries of Genworth Financial, Inc. See Note 7 and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on reinsurance. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company s plans, estimates and beliefs. The Company s actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking statements include: 
 statements of the Company s plans, intentions, expectations, objectives, or goals, including those related to the introduction, cessation, terms or pricing of new or existing products and services and the consolidated tax rate; 
 statements about the expected trend in the shift to lower-risk products, including the exit from variable annuities with living benefit riders, the discontinuance of new sales of universal life insurance with secondary guarantees and the decline in fixed deferred annuity balances in line with surrender rates; 
 other statements about future economic performance, the performance of equity markets and interest rate variations and the economic performance of the United States and of global markets; and 
 statements of assumptions underlying such statements. 
 The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, may, should, could, would, likely, forecast, on track, project, continue, able to remain, resume, deliver, develop, evolve, drive, enable, flexibility, scenario, case , appear , expand and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. 
 30 

Such factors include, but are not limited to: 
 market fluctuations and general economic and political factors, including volatility in the U.S. and global market conditions, client behavior and volatility in the markets for the Company s products; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 adverse capital and credit market conditions or any downgrade in the Company s credit ratings; 
 effects of competition and the Company s larger competitors economies of scale; 
 impairment, negative performance or default by financial institutions or other counterparties; 
 declines in the Company s investment management performance; 
 the Company s and its affiliates ability to compete in attracting and retaining talent, including AFS attracting and retaining financial advisors; 
 changes in valuation of securities and investments included in the Company s assets; 
 effects of the elimination of LIBOR on, and value of, securities and other assets and liabilities tied to LIBOR; 
 the determination of the amount of allowances taken on loans and investments; 
 the illiquidity of the Company s investments; 
 failures by other insurers that lead to higher assessments the Company owes to state insurance guaranty funds; 
 failures or defaults by counterparties to the Company s reinsurance arrangements; 
 inadequate reserves for future policy benefits and claims or for future redemptions and maturities; 
 deviations from the Company s assumptions regarding morbidity, mortality and persistency affecting the Company s profitability; 
 changes to the Company s or its affiliates reputation arising from employee or agent misconduct or otherwise; 
 direct or indirect effects of or responses to climate change; 
 interruptions or other failures in the Company s operating systems and networks, including errors or failures caused by third-party service providers, interference or third-party attacks; 
 interruptions or other errors in the Company s telecommunications or data processing systems; 
 identification and mitigation of risk exposure in market environments, new products, vendors and other types of risk; 
 occurrence of natural or man-made disasters and catastrophes; 
 legal and regulatory actions brought against the Company; 
 changes to laws and regulations that govern operation of the Company s business; 
 changes in corporate tax laws and regulations and interpretations and determinations of tax laws impacting the Company s products; 
 protection of the Company s intellectual property and claims the Company infringes the intellectual property of others; and 
 changes in and the adoption of new accounting standards. 
 The Company cautions the reader that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. There may also be other risks that the Company is unable to predict at this time that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 The foregoing list of factors should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors discussion in Part I, Item 1A in the Company s 2022 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 Items required under this section are included in Item 7 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Management s Narrative Analysis - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 31 

RiverSource Life Insurance Company 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 
 33 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 38 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 
 1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 40 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 40 
 3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 48 
 4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 49 
 5. Variable Interest Entities 
 50 
 6. Investments 
 54 
 7. Financing Receivables 
 57 
 8. Deferred Acquisition Costs and Deferred Sales Inducement Costs 
 60 
 9. Reinsurance 
 61 
 10. Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims and Separate Account Liabilities 
 62 
 11. Variable Annuity and Insurance Guarantees 
 64 
 12. Debt 
 66 
 13. Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 
 67 
 14. Related Party Transactions 
 77 
 15. Regulatory Requirements 
 78 
 16. Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 79 
 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 80 
 18. Shareholder s Equity 
 84 
 19. Income Taxes 
 85 
 20. Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 
 87 
 21. Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements 
 88 
 
 Schedules: 
 All information on schedules to the Consolidated Financial Statements required by Rule 7-05 in Article 7 of Regulation S-X is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto or is not required. Therefore, all schedules have been omitted. 
 32 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of RiverSource Life Insurance Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RiverSource Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholder's equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of the embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders 
 As described in Notes 2, 10, 11, and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, management values the embedded derivatives attributable to the provisions of certain variable annuity riders using internal valuation models. As there is no active market for the transfer of these embedded derivatives, such internal valuation models estimate fair value by discounting expected cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, the net embedded derivative liability in certain variable annuity riders was 608 million, and is included in policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims on the consolidated balance sheet. Management s discounted cash flow model for estimating fair value includes observable capital market assumptions and incorporates significant unobservable inputs related to implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk, all of which management believes a market participant would expect. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment used by management to estimate the fair value of the embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the significant unobservable inputs used to determine implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk. Also, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls related to the Company s estimate of the fair value of embedded derivatives in certain variable annuity riders, including controls over the significant unobservable inputs. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management s process for developing the 
 33 

fair value estimate. Testing management s process included evaluating the reasonableness of the significant unobservable inputs related to implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk and testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used by management in the development of the significant unobservable inputs. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in (i) evaluating the reasonableness of certain significant unobservable inputs related to implied volatility, nonperformance risk and contractholder behavior assumptions that include margins for risk based on industry knowledge and data as well as historical Company data and experience, and (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s models. 
 Valuation of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities 
 As described in Notes 2, 10, and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issues universal life, variable universal life and variable annuity policies that have product features that are accounted for as insurance liabilities. As disclosed by management, the liability for these policies, which is included in policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims on the consolidated balance sheet, is determined using actuarial models to estimate the present value of the projected benefits in excess of account value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments. Significant assumptions used by management in projecting the present value of future benefits and assessments include customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency, and investment margins, and additionally for variable annuity policies, benefit utilization. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment used by management when developing the estimate of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions used to determine customer asset value growth rates, persistency, investment margins, and, for variable annuity policies, benefit utilization. Also, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s valuation of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities, including controls over management s development of the significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management s process for developing the estimate of certain guarantees on variable annuity and certain life insurance policies accounted for as insurance liabilities, testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used by management and testing that assumptions are accurately reflected in the models. Evaluating and testing management s process also included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in (i) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to customer asset value growth rates, persistency, benefit utilization and investment margins based on industry knowledge and data as well as historical Company data and experience, and (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s models. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

34 

RiverSource Life Insurance Company 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 (in millions, except share amounts) Assets Investments: Available-for-Sale: Fixed maturities, at fair value (amortized cost: 2022, ; 2021, ; allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Mortgage loans, at amortized cost (allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Policy loans Other investments (allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Total investments Investments of consolidated investment entities, at fair value Cash and cash equivalents Cash of consolidated investment entities, at fair value Reinsurance recoverables (allowance for credit losses: 2022, ; 2021, 
 Receivables Receivables of consolidated investment entities, at fair value Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs Other assets Other assets of consolidated investment entities, at fair value Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholder s Equity Liabilities: Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims Short-term borrowings Debt of consolidated investment entities, at fair value Long-term debt Other liabilities Other liabilities of consolidated investment entities, at fair value Separate account liabilities Total liabilities Shareholder s equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total shareholder s equity Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 35 

RiverSource Life Insurance Company 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in millions) Revenues Premiums ) Net investment income Policy and contract charges Other revenues Net realized investment gains (losses) ) ) Total revenues Benefits and expenses Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses Interest credited to fixed accounts Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Interest and debt expense Other insurance and operating expenses Total benefits and expenses Pretax income (loss) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

RiverSource Life Insurance Company 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity 
 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total (in millions) Balances at January 1, 2020 
 Cumulative effect of adoption of current expected credit losses guidance ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

RiverSource Life Insurance Company 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in millions) Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net ) ) ) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Contractholder and policyholder charges, non-cash ) ) ) Loss from equity method investments Net realized investment (gains) losses ) ) ) Impairments and provision for loan losses ) Net losses (gains) of consolidated investment entities ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Deferred acquisition costs ) Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims, net Derivatives, net of collateral ) ) Reinsurance recoverables ) Receivables Accrued investment income ) ) Current income tax, net ) Other operating assets and liabilities of consolidated investment entities Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Available-for-Sale securities: Proceeds from sales Maturities, sinking fund payments and calls Purchases ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of mortgage loans Funding of mortgage loans ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and collections of other investments Purchase of other investments ) ) ) Purchase of investments by consolidated investment entities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of investments by consolidated investment entities Purchase of equipment and software ) ) ) Change in policy loans, net ) Cash paid for deposit receivable ) ) ) Cash received for deposit receivable Advance on line of credit to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ) ) ) Repayment from Ameriprise Financial, Inc. on line of credit Cash paid for written options with deferred premiums ) ) ) Cash received from written options with deferred premiums Net cash impact of consolidating consolidated investment entities Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

RiverSource Life Insurance Company 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in millions) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Policyholder account balances: Deposits and other additions Net transfers from (to) separate accounts ) ) ) Surrenders and other benefits ) ) ) Proceeds from line of credit with Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Payments on line of credit with Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt with Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Cash received for purchased options with deferred premiums Cash paid for purchased options with deferred premiums ) ) ) Borrowings by consolidated investment entities Repayments of debt by consolidated investment entities ) ) ) Cash dividends to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosures: Income taxes paid (received), net ) ) Interest paid excluding consolidated investment entities Interest paid by consolidated investment entities Non-cash investing activity: Exchange of an investment that resulted in a realized gain and an increase to amortized cost Investments transferred in connection with reinsurance transaction 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 39 

RiverSource Life Insurance Company 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 wholly owned stock life insurance company subsidiary, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York RiverSource Life of NY ). RiverSource Life Insurance Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial ). 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company is domiciled in Minnesota and holds Certificates of Authority in American Samoa, the District of Columbia and all states except New York. RiverSource Life Insurance Company issues insurance and annuity products. 
 RiverSource Life of NY is domiciled and holds a Certificate of Authority in New York. RiverSource Life of NY issues insurance and annuity products. 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company also wholly owns RiverSource Tax Advantaged Investments, Inc. RTA and Columbia Cent CLO Advisors, LLC Columbia Cent ). RTA is a stock company domiciled in Delaware and is a limited partner in affordable housing partnership investments. Columbia Cent provides asset management services to collateralized loan obligations CLOs ). 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of RiverSource Life Insurance Company and companies in which it directly or indirectly has a controlling financial interest and variable interest entities VIEs in which it is the primary beneficiary (collectively, the Company ). All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 During 2022, the Company identified an error related to the shadow unearned revenue liability balance associated with universal life insurance products. The Company evaluated the error and determined that the impact was not material to the Company s results for any prior period, but that correcting the cumulative impact of the error in the current period would be material to total comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, and for comparability, the Company revised the prior period Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures impacted. A summary of the revision to the Company s previously reported Consolidated Financial Statements is presented in Note 21. 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP which vary in certain respects from reporting practices prescribed or permitted by state insurance regulatory authorities as described in Note 15. 
 The Company evaluated events or transactions that may have occurred after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure through the date the financial statements were issued. Other than disclosed in Note 14, no other subsequent events or transactions requiring recognition or disclosure were identified. 
 The Company s principal products are variable annuities, structured variable annuities, universal life UL insurance, including indexed universal life IUL and variable universal life VUL insurance, which are issued primarily to individuals. Waiver of premium and accidental death benefit riders are generally available with UL products, in addition to other benefit riders. Variable annuity contract purchasers can choose to add optional benefit riders to their contracts, such as guaranteed minimum death benefit GMDB ), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit GMWB and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefit GMAB riders. In 2020, the Company began offering structured variable annuities which give contractholders the option to allocate a portion of their account value to an indexed account with the contractholder s rate of return, which may be positive or negative, tied to selected indices. The Company discontinued most new sales of its variable annuities with living benefit guarantees by the end of 2021 and new sales were completely discontinued as of mid-2022. As the Company continues to optimize its risk profile and shift its business mix to lower risk offerings, it has discontinued new sales of its UL insurance with secondary guarantees and its single-pay fixed universal life with a long term care rider products at the end of 2021. 
 The Company also offers immediate annuities, traditional life insurance and disability income DI insurance. In 2020, the Company discontinued sales of fixed deferred annuities. 
 The Company s business is sold through the advisor network of Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS ), a subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial. RiverSource Distributors, Inc., a subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, serves as the principal underwriter and distributor of variable annuity and life insurance products issued by the Company. 
 
 2. 
 40 

41 

days past due or earlier based on management s evaluation of the facts and circumstances of each security under review. All previously accrued interest is reversed through Net investment income. 
 Other Investments 
 
 42 

days past due or is otherwise considered doubtful of collection. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest payments received on loans on nonaccrual status are generally applied to principal unless the remaining principal balance has been determined to be fully collectible. Management has elected to exclude accrued interest in its measurement of the allowance for credit losses for commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans. 
 Restructured Loans 
 A loan is classified as a restructured loan when the Company makes certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms for borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. When the interest rate, minimum payments, and/or due dates have been modified in an attempt to make the loan more affordable to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring TDR ). Modifications to loan terms do not automatically result in TDRs. Generally, performance prior to the restructuring or significant events that coincide with the restructuring are considered in assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms which may result in the loan being returned to accrual status at the time of the restructuring or after a performance period. If the borrower s ability to meet the revised payment schedule is not reasonably assured, the loan remains on nonaccrual status. 
 Charge-off and Foreclosure 
 Charge-offs are recorded when the Company concludes that all or a portion of the commercial mortgage loan or syndicated loan is uncollectible. Factors used by the Company to determine whether all amounts due on commercial mortgage loans will be collected, include but are not limited to, the financial condition of the borrower, performance of the underlying properties, collateral and/or guarantees on the loan, and the borrower s estimated future ability to pay based on property type and geographic location. Factors used by the Company to determine whether all amounts due on syndicated loans will be collected, include but are not limited to the borrower s financial condition, industry outlook, and internal risk ratings based on rating agency data and internal analyst expectations. 
 
 43 

years. 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, land, buildings, equipment and software were million, net of accumulated depreciation of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 44 

45 

46 

47 

3. 
 48 

billion to billion, of which a significant portion will be reflected in AOCI. However, as of December 31, 2022, the impact on total equity is estimated to be an increase of million to million as a result of changes in the equity, credit, and rate environment subsequent to the transition date. 
 The Company utilizes a governance framework to guide our adoption process and is managing a detailed implementation plan to support the timely application of the standard in the first quarter of 2023. The Company continues to refine its internal controls environment. These activities include, but are not limited to, execution of controls surrounding actuarial valuations, and accounting and financial reporting controls. The estimated adoption impact at transition date and the impact to periods subsequent to transition date is subject to change as the Company completes its adoption process by the first quarter of 2023 reporting. 
 
 4. 
 Unaffiliated Total Other revenues Administrative fees Affiliated (from Columbia Management Investment Services, Corp.) Unaffiliated Other fees Affiliated (from Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC CMIA and Columbia Wanger Asset Management, LLC) Unaffiliated Total Total revenue from contracts with customers Revenue from other sources (1) 
 Total revenues 
 
 The following discussion describes the nature, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from the Company s contracts with customers. 
 Policy and contract charges 
 The Company earns revenue for providing distribution-related services to affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds that are available as underlying investments in its variable annuity and variable life insurance products. The performance obligation is satisfied at the time the mutual fund is distributed. Revenue is recognized over the time the mutual fund is held in the variable product and is generally earned based on a fixed rate applied, as a percentage, to the net asset value of the fund. The revenue is not recognized at the time of 
 49 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 obligation to provide financial or other support to the non-consolidated VIEs beyond its initial investment and existing future funding commitments, and the Company has not provided any support to these entities. The Company has unfunded commitments related to consolidated CLOs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 20 for information on future funding commitments of other VIEs. 
 See Note 2 for further discussion of the Company s accounting policy on consolidation. 
 CLOs 
 CLOs are asset backed financing entities collateralized by a pool of assets, primarily syndicated loans and, to a lesser extent, high-yield bonds. Multiple tranches of debt securities are issued by a CLO, offering investors various maturity and credit risk characteristics. The debt securities issued by the CLOs are non-recourse to the Company. The CLO s debt holders have recourse only to the assets of the CLO. The assets of the CLOs cannot be used by the Company. Scheduled debt payments are based on the performance of the CLO s collateral pool. The Company earns management fees from the CLOs based on the value of the CLO s collateral pool and, in certain instances, may also receive incentive fees. The fee arrangement is at market and commensurate with the level of effort required to provide those services. The Company has invested in a portion of the unrated, junior subordinated notes and highly rated senior notes of certain CLOs. The Company consolidates certain CLOs where it is the primary beneficiary and has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the CLO. 
 The Company s maximum exposure to loss with respect to non-consolidated CLOs is limited to its amortized cost, which was million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company classifies these investments as Available-for-Sale securities. See Note 6 for additional information on these investments. 
 Affordable Housing Partnerships and Other Real Estate Partnerships 
 The Company is a limited partner in affordable housing partnerships that qualify for government-sponsored low income housing tax credit programs and partnerships that invest in multi-family residential properties that were originally developed with an affordable housing component. The Company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate these partnerships. 
 A majority of the limited partnerships are VIEs. The Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its investment in the VIEs is limited to the carrying value. The carrying value is reflected in other investments and was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had a liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 
 50 

Common stocks Syndicated loans Total investments Receivables Other assets Total assets at fair value Liabilities Debt (1) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in millions) Assets Investments: Common stocks Syndicated loans Total investments Receivables Other assets Total assets at fair value Liabilities Debt (1) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 (1) The carrying value of the CLOs debt is set equal to the fair value of the CLOs assets. The estimated fair value of the CLOs debt was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 51 

Total gains (losses) included in: Net income ) (1) Purchases Sales ) Settlements ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 ) (1) 
 Syndicated Loans Other Assets (in millions) Balance, January 1, 2021 
 Total gains (losses) included in: Net income (1) (1) Purchases Sales ) Settlements ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) Deconsolidation of consolidated investment entities ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 (1) 
 Syndicated Loans Other Assets (in millions) Balance, January 1, 2020 
 Total gains (losses) included in: Purchases Sales ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) Consolidation of consolidated investment entities Balance, December 31, 2020 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 
 (1) Included in Net investment income. 
 Securities and loans transferred from Level 3 primarily represent assets with fair values that are now obtained from a third-party pricing service with observable inputs or priced in active markets. Securities and loans transferred to Level 3 represent assets with fair values that are now based on a single non-binding broker quote. 
 52 

Excess unpaid principal over fair value ) ) Fair value Fair value of loans more than 90 days past due Fair value of loans in nonaccrual status Difference between fair value and unpaid principal of loans more than 90 days past due, loans in nonaccrual status or both Debt Unpaid principal balance Excess unpaid principal over fair value ) ) Carrying value (1) 
 
 (1) The carrying value of the CLOs debt is set equal to the fair value of the CLOs assets. The estimated fair value of the CLOs debt was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company launched new CLO and issued debt of million. 
 Interest income from syndicated loans, bonds and structured investments is recorded based on contractual rates in Net investment income. Gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of investments are recorded in Net investment income and gains and losses on sales of investments are recorded in Net realized investment gains (losses). Interest expense on debt is recorded in Interest and debt expense with gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of debt recorded in Net investment income. 
 53 

to . The interest rates on the debt of CLOs are weighted average rates based on the outstanding principal and contractual interest rates. 
 
 6. 
 ) ) Residential mortgage backed securities ) Commercial mortgage backed securities ) State and municipal obligations ) ) Asset backed securities ) Foreign government bonds and obligations ) U.S. government and agency obligations Total ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 
 Description of Securities Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Allowance for Credit Losses Fair Value (in millions) Fixed maturities: Corporate debt securities ) Residential mortgage backed securities ) Commercial mortgage backed securities ) State and municipal obligations ) ) Asset backed securities ) Foreign government bonds and obligations ) U.S. government and agency obligations Total ) ) 
 In March 2020, the Company purchased million of investments at fair value, primarily agency residential mortgage backed securities, from Ameriprise Financial. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest of million and million, respectively, is excluded from the amortized cost basis of Available-for-Sale securities in the tables above and is recorded in Accrued investment income . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investment securities with a fair value of billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to meet contractual obligations under derivative contracts and short-term borrowings, of which million and million, respectively, may be sold, pledged or rehypothecated by the counterparty. 
 54 

of the Company s total investments. Rating agency designations are based on the availability of ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSROs ), including Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), Standard Poor s Ratings Services S P and Fitch Ratings Ltd. Fitch ). The Company uses the median of available ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch, or if fewer than three ratings are available, the lower rating is used. When ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch are unavailable, the Company may utilize ratings from other NRSROs or rate the securities internally. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of securities were internally rated by CMIA, an affiliate of the Company, using criteria similar to those used by NRSROs. 
 AA A BBB Below investment grade (1) 
 Total fixed maturities 
 (1) The amortized cost of below investment grade securities includes interest in non-consolidated CLOs managed by the Company of million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value of below investment grade securities includes interest in non-consolidated CLOs managed by the Company of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These securities are not rated but are included in below investment grade due to their risk characteristics. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of securities rated AAA were GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC mortgage backed securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had holdings in Ameriprise Advisor Financing 2, LLC AAF 2 ), an affiliate of the Company, totaling million that was of the Company s total shareholder s equity. Also, the Company had an additional issuers with holdings totaling billion that individually were between and of the Company s total shareholder s equity as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had holdings in Ameriprise Advisor Financing, LLC AAF ), an affiliate of the Company, totaling million that was of the Company s total shareholder s equity. Also, the Company had an additional issuers with holdings totaling million that individually were between and of the Company s total shareholder s equity as of December 31, 2021. There were no other holdings of any other issuer greater than 10 of the Company s total shareholder s equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 ) ) ) Residential mortgage backed securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage backed securities ) ) ) State and municipal obligations ) ) ) Asset backed securities ) ) ) Foreign government bonds and obligations 
 ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 55 

) ) ) Residential mortgage backed securities ) ) Commercial mortgage backed securities ) ) State and municipal obligations ) ) Asset backed securities ) ) Foreign government bonds and obligations ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 As part of the Company s ongoing monitoring process, management determined that the change in gross unrealized losses on its Available-for-Sale securities for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to the impact of higher interest rates and wider credit spreads driven by continued market volatility, with no specific credit concerns. The Company did not recognize these unrealized losses in earnings because it was determined that such losses were due to non-credit factors. The Company does not intend to sell these securities and does not believe that it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of the total of Available-for-Sale securities with gross unrealized losses were considered investment grade. 
 Additions for which credit losses were not previously recorded 
 Additional increases (decreases) on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Additions for which credit losses were not previously recorded 
 Charge-offs ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additions for which credit losses were not previously recorded 
 Additional increases (decreases) on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Gross realized investment losses ) ) ) Credit losses ) ) ) Other impairments ) ) Total ) 
 56 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Due after 10 years Residential mortgage backed securities Commercial mortgage backed securities Asset backed securities Total 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. Residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and asset backed securities are not due at a single maturity date. As such, these securities were not included in the maturities distribution. 
 Mortgage loans Other investments ) Less: investment expenses Total) Mortgage loans ) ) Other investments ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 7. 
 
 57 

Cumulative effect of adoption of current expected credit losses guidance Balance at January 1, 2020 
 Provisions Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Provisions ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Provisions Charge-offs ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 1) Prior to January 1, 2020, the allowance for credit losses was based on an incurred loss model that did not require estimating expected credit losses over the expected life of the asset. 
 The decrease in the allowance for credit losses provision for commercial loans in 2021 reflected the sale of certain commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans in conjunction with the fixed deferred and immediate annuity reinsurance transaction in 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on commercial loans was million and million, respectively, and is recorded in Accrued investment income and excluded from the amortized cost basis of commercial loans. 
 Purchases and Sales 
 There were commercial mortgage loans sold for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold million of commercial mortgage loans. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company purchased million, million and million, respectively, of syndicated loans, and sold , million and million, respectively, of syndicated loans. 
 The Company has acquired any loans with deteriorated credit quality as of the acquisition date. 
 Credit Quality Information 
 There were nonperforming loans as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. All loans were considered to be performing. 
 Commercial Loans 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 The Company reviews the credit worthiness of the borrower and the performance of the underlying properties in order to determine the risk of loss on commercial mortgage loans. Loan-to-value ratio is the primary credit quality indicator included in this review. 
 Based on this review, the commercial mortgage loans are assigned an internal risk rating, which management updates when credit risk changes. Commercial mortgage loans which management has assigned its highest risk rating were less than of total commercial mortgage loans as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loans with the highest risk rating represent distressed loans which the Company has identified as impaired or expects to become delinquent or enter into foreclosure within the next six months. There were commercial mortgage loans past due as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 80 - 100 60 - 80 40 - 60 58 

80 - 100 60 - 80 40 - 60 
 Loan-to-value ratio is based on income and expense data provided by borrowers at least annually and long-term capitalization rate assumptions based on property type. 
 In addition, the Company reviews the concentrations of credit risk by region and property type. 
 East South Central Middle Atlantic Mountain New England Pacific South Atlantic West North Central West South Central Less: allowance for credit losses Total 
 Concentrations of credit risk of commercial mortgage loans by property type were as follows: 
 Loans Percentage December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (in millions) Apartments Hotel Industrial Mixed use Office Retail Other Less: allowance for credit losses Total 
 Syndicated Loans 
 The recorded investment in syndicated loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The Company s syndicated loan portfolio is diversified across industries and issuers. There were syndicated loans past due as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company assigns an internal risk rating to each syndicated loan in its portfolio ranging from 1 through 5, with 5 reflecting the lowest quality. 
 59 

Risk 4 Risk 3 Risk 2 Risk 1 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Internal Risk Rating 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total (in millions) Risk 5 Risk 4 Risk 3 Risk 2 Risk 1 Total 
 Policy Loans 
 Policy loans do not exceed the cash surrender value at origination. As there is minimal risk of loss related to policy loans, there is allowance for credit losses. 
 Deposit Receivables 
 Deposit receivables were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deposit receivables are collateralized by the fair value of the assets held in trusts. Based on management s evaluation of the collateral value relative to the deposit receivables, the allowance for credit losses for deposit receivables was not material as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 There were loans accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. There are commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans have been restructured. 
 
 8. 
 million increase from lower surrenders on variable annuities with living benefits and UL and VUL insurance products partially offset by a million decrease from updating mortality assumptions for variable annuities and a million decrease from updating the discount rate for variable annuities. The impact of unlocking to DAC for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflected a favorable impact from lower surrenders on variable annuities with living benefits and UL and VUL insurance products. The impact of unlocking to DAC for the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily reflected updates to interest rate assumptions, partially offset by a favorable impact from lower surrenders on annuity contracts with a withdrawal benefit. 
 Capitalization of acquisition costs Amortization ) ) ) Amortization, impact of valuation assumptions review ) Impact of change in net unrealized (gains) losses on securities ) Balance at December 31 
 60 

Capitalization of sales inducement costs Amortization ) ) ) Amortization, impact of valuation assumptions review ) Impact of change in net unrealized (gains) losses on securities ) Balance at December 31 
 
 9. 
 of its insurance risk associated with its life contingent immediate annuity policies in force as of June 30, 2021 through a reinsurance agreement with Commonwealth. Policies issued on or after July 1, 2021 and policies issued by RiverSource Life of NY are not subject to this reinsurance agreement. 
 Reinsurance contracts do not relieve the Company from its primary obligation to policyholders. 
 The Company generally reinsures of the death benefit liability for new term life insurance policies beginning in 2001 (RiverSource Life of NY began in 2002) and new individual UL and VUL insurance policies beginning in 2002 (2003 for RiverSource Life of NY). Policies issued prior to these dates are not subject to these same reinsurance levels. 
 However, for IUL policies issued after September 1, 2013 and VUL policies issued after January 1, 2014, the Company generally reinsures of the death benefit liability. Similarly, the Company reinsures of the death benefit and morbidity liabilities related to its UL product with LTC benefits. 
 The maximum amount of life insurance risk the Company will retain is million on a single life and million on any flexible premium survivorship life policy; however, reinsurance agreements are in place such that retaining more than million of insurance risk on a single life or a flexible premium survivorship life policy is very unusual. Risk on UL and VUL policies is reinsured on a yearly renewable term basis. Risk on most term life policies starting in 2001 (2002 for RiverSource Life of NY) is reinsured on a coinsurance basis, a type of reinsurance in which the reinsurer participates proportionally in all material risks and premiums associated with a policy. 
 The Company also has life insurance and fixed annuity risk previously assumed under reinsurance arrangements with unaffiliated insurance companies. 
 For existing LTC policies, the Company has continued ceding of the risk on a coinsurance basis to subsidiaries of Genworth Financial, Inc. Genworth and retains the remaining risk. For RiverSource Life of NY, this reinsurance arrangement applies for 1996 and later issues only. Under these agreements, the Company has the right, but never the obligation, to recapture some, or all, of the risk ceded to Genworth. 
 Generally, the Company retains at most per month of risk per life on DI policies sold on policy forms introduced in most states starting in 2007 (2010 for RiverSource Life of NY) and reinsures the remainder of the risk on a coinsurance basis with unaffiliated reinsurance companies. The Company retains all risk for new claims on DI contracts sold on other policy forms introduced prior to 2007 (2010 for RiverSource Life of NY). The Company also retains all risk on accidental death benefit claims and substantially all risk associated with waiver of premium provisions. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, traditional life and UL insurance policies in force were billion and billion, respectively, of which billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were reinsured at the respective year ends. 
 Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net premiums ) 
 Policy and contract charges are presented on the Consolidated Statements of Income net of million, million and million of reinsurance ceded for non-traditional long-duration products for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 61 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Reinsurance recoverables include approximately billion and billion related to LTC risk ceded to Genworth as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims include million and million related to previously assumed reinsurance arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 10. 
 Variable annuity fixed sub-accounts UL/VUL insurance IUL insurance Structured variable annuities Other life insurance Total policyholder account balances Future policy benefits Variable annuity GMWB Variable annuity GMAB (2) 
 ) Other annuity liabilities (3) 
 Fixed annuity life contingent liabilities Life and DI insurance LTC insurance UL/VUL and other life insurance additional liabilities Total future policy benefits Policy claims and other policyholders funds Total policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims 
 
 (1) Includes fixed deferred annuities, non-life contingent fixed payout annuities and fixed deferred indexed annuity host contracts. 
 (2) Includes the fair value of GMAB embedded derivatives that was a net asset as of December 31, 2021 reported as a contra liability. 
 (3) Includes the fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives that was a net asset as of December 31, 2022 reported as a contra liability. 
 Fixed Annuities 
 Fixed annuities include deferred, payout and fixed deferred indexed annuity contracts. In 2020, the Company discontinued sales of fixed deferred and fixed deferred indexed annuities. 
 Deferred contracts offer a guaranteed minimum rate of interest and security of the principal invested. Payout contracts guarantee a fixed income payment for life or the term of the contract. Liabilities for fixed annuities in a benefit or payout status are based on future estimated payments using established industry mortality tables and interest rates, ranging from to as of December 31, 2022, depending on year of issue, with an average rate of approximately . The Company generally invests the proceeds from the annuity contracts in fixed rate securities. 
 The Company s equity indexed annuity EIA product is a single premium fixed deferred annuity. The Company discontinued new sales of EIAs in 2007. This annuity has a minimum interest rate guarantee of on of the initial premium, adjusted for any surrenders. The Company generally invests the proceeds from the annuity contracts in fixed rate securities and hedges the equity risk with derivative instruments. 
 The Company s fixed index annuity product is a fixed annuity that includes an indexed account. The rate of interest credited above the minimum guarantee for funds allocated to the indexed account is linked to the performance of the specific index for the indexed account (subject to a cap). The contractholder could allocate all or a portion of the policy value to a fixed or indexed account. The portion of the policy allocated to the indexed account is accounted for as an embedded derivative. The Company hedges the interest 
 62 

to as of December 31, 2022. Anticipated interest rates for DI policies ranged from to as of December 31, 2022 and for LTC policies ranged from to as of December 31, 2022. 
 The liability for unpaid reported claims on DI and LTC policies includes an estimate of the present value of obligations for continuing benefit payments. The discount rates used to calculate present values are based on average interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability for unpaid amounts and were and for DI and LTC claims, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Portions of the Company s UL and VUL policies have product features that result in profits followed by losses from the insurance component of the policy. These profits followed by losses can be generated by the cost structure of the product or secondary guarantees in the policy. The secondary guarantee ensures that, subject to specified conditions, the policy will not terminate and will continue to provide a death benefit even if there is insufficient policy value to cover the monthly deductions and charges. 
 63 

VUL insurance Other insurance Total 
 
 11. 
 or younger at contract issue could obtain a principal-back guarantee by purchasing the optional GMAB rider for an additional charge. The GMAB rider guarantees that, regardless of market performance at the end of the -year waiting period, the contract value will be no less than the original investment or a specified percentage of the highest anniversary value, adjusted for withdrawals. If the contract value is less than the guarantee at the end of the -year period, a lump sum will be added to the contract value to make the contract value equal to the guarantee value. 
 Certain UL policies provide secondary guarantee benefits. The secondary guarantee ensures that, subject to specified conditions, the policy will not terminate and will continue to provide a death benefit even if there is insufficient policy value to cover the monthly deductions and charges. 
 64 

Five/six-year reset One-year ratchet Five-year ratchet Other Total GMDB GGU death benefit GMIB GMWB: GMWB GMWB for life Total GMWB GMAB 
 (1) Individual variable annuity contracts may have more than one guarantee and therefore may be included in more than one benefit type. Variable annuity contracts for which the death benefit equals the account value are not shown in this table. 
 The net amount at risk for GMDB, GGU and GMAB is defined as the current guaranteed benefit amount in excess of the current contract value. The net amount at risk for GMIB is defined as the greater of the present value of the minimum guaranteed annuity payments less the current contract value or zero. The net amount at risk for GMWB is defined as the greater of the present value of the minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments less the current contract value or zero. 
 Structured variable annuity GMDB 
 The net amount at risk for UL secondary guarantees and structured variable annuity GMDB is defined as the current guaranteed death benefit amount in excess of the current policyholder account balance. 
 65 

) Incurred claims Paid claims ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Incurred claims ) ) Paid claims ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Incurred claims ) Paid claims ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) The incurred claims for GMWB and GMAB include the change in the fair value of the liabilities (contra liabilities) less paid claims. 
 The liabilities for guaranteed benefits are supported by general account assets. 
 Bond Other Total mutual funds 
 No gains or losses were recognized on assets transferred to separate accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 12. 
 million and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of the Company s liability including accrued interest was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining maturity of outstanding FHLB advances was less than as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The weighted average annualized interest rate on the FHLB advances held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Lines of Credit 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company, as the borrower, has a revolving credit agreement with Ameriprise Financial as the lender. The aggregate amount outstanding under this line of credit may not exceed of RiverSource Life Insurance Company s statutory admitted assets (excluding separate accounts) as of the prior year end. The interest rate for any borrowing under the agreement is established by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR for U.S. dollar deposits with maturities comparable to the relevant interest period, plus an applicable margin subject to adjustment based on debt ratings of the senior unsecured debt of Ameriprise Financial. Amounts borrowed may be repaid at any time with prepayment penalty. There were amounts outstanding on this line of credit as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 RiverSource Life of NY, as the borrower, has a revolving credit agreement with Ameriprise Financial as the lender. The aggregate amount outstanding under this line of credit may not exceed the lesser of million or of RiverSource Life of NY s statutory admitted assets (excluding separate accounts) as of the prior year end. The interest rate for any borrowing under the agreement is established by reference to LIBOR for U.S. dollar deposits with maturities comparable to the relevant interest period. Amounts borrowed may be repaid at any time with prepayment penalty. The credit agreement is amended to extend the maturity on an annual basis with Ameriprise Financial, subject to the New York Department of Financial Services non-disapproval. There were amounts outstanding on this line of credit as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 66 

million. The interest rate for any borrowing under the agreement is established by reference to LIBOR for U.S. dollar deposits with maturities comparable to the relevant interest period, plus an applicable margin subject to adjustment based on debt ratings of the senior unsecured debt of Ameriprise Financial. Amounts borrowed may be repaid at any time with no prepayment penalty. This line of credit is automatically renewed annually with Ameriprise Financial. There were amounts outstanding on this line of credit as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 The Company has a million unsecured surplus note due December 31, 2050 to Ameriprise Financial. The surplus note is subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the Company s obligations to policyholders, claimants and beneficiaries and all other creditors. No payment of principal or interest shall be made without the prior approval of the Minnesota Department of Commerce and such payments shall be made only from RiverSource Life Insurance Company s statutory surplus. Interest payments, which commenced on June 30, 2021, are due semiannually in arrears on June 30 and December 31. Subject to the preceding conditions, the Company may prepay all or a portion of the principal at any time. The outstanding balance was million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is recorded in Long-term debt. 
 
 13. 
 67 

Residential mortgage backed securities Commercial mortgage backed securities State and municipal obligations Asset backed securities Foreign government bonds and obligations U.S. government and agency obligations Total Available-for-Sale securities Cash equivalents Receivables: Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives Other assets: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Credit derivative contracts Total other assets Separate account assets at net asset value NAV (1) Total assets at fair value Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims: Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives 
 IUL embedded derivatives GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives (2) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives ) ) (3) Total policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims (4) Other liabilities: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 68 

Residential mortgage backed securities Commercial mortgage backed securities State and municipal obligations Asset backed securities Foreign government bonds and obligations U.S. government and agency obligations Total Available-for-Sale securities 
 Cash equivalents Receivables: 
 Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives 
 Other assets: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Credit derivative contracts Total other assets Separate account assets at NAV (1) Total assets at fair value Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims: Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives IUL embedded derivatives GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives (5) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives Total policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims (6) Other liabilities: Interest rate derivative contracts Equity derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 (1) Amounts are comprised of certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 (2) The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position (recorded as a contra liability) as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives was a net asset as of December 31, 2022 and the amount is presented as a contra liability. 
 (4) The Company s adjustment for nonperformance risk resulted in a million cumulative decrease to the embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives included billion of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position (recorded as a contra liability) as of December 31, 2021. 
 (6) The Company s adjustment for nonperformance risk resulted in a million cumulative decrease to the embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2021. 
 69 

Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income ) ) (1) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) ) ) Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims Fixed Deferred Indexed Annuity Embedded Derivatives IUL Embedded Derivatives GMWB and GMAB Embedded Derivatives Structured Variable Annuity Embedded Derivatives Total (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2022 
 Total (gains) losses included in: 
 Net income ) (2) ) (2) ) (3) ) (3) ) Issues Settlements ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) (4) Changes in unrealized (gains) losses in net income relating to liabilities held at December 31, 2022 
 ) (2) ) (3) ) (3) ) 
 70 

Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Net income ) ) (1) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Purchases Issues Settlements ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) 
 Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims Fixed Deferred Indexed Annuity Embedded Derivatives IUL Embedded Derivatives GMWB and GMAB Embedded Derivatives Structured Variable Annuity Embedded Derivatives Total (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2021 
 Total (gains) losses included in: 
 Net income (2) (2) ) (3) (3) ) Issues ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Changes in unrealized (gains) losses in net income relating to liabilities held at December 31, 2021 
 (2) ) (3) ) 
 71 

Total gains (losses) included in: 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 
 ) 
 Policyholder Account Balances, Future Policy Benefits and Claims Fixed Deferred Indexed Annuity Embedded Derivatives IUL Embedded Derivatives GMWB and GMAB Embedded Derivatives Structured Variable Annuity Embedded Derivatives Total (in millions) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 Total (gains) losses included in: 
 Net income (2) (2) (3) (3) Issues ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Changes in unrealized (gains) losses in net income relating to liabilities held at December 31, 2020 
 (2) (3) 
 (1) Included in Net investment income . 
 (2) Included in Interest credited to fixed accounts . 
 (3) Included in Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses . 
 (4) The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives was a net asset as of December 31, 2022 and the amount is presented as a contra liability. 
 The increase (decrease) to pretax income of the Company s adjustment for nonperformance risk on the fair value of its embedded derivatives was ) million, ) million and million, net of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Securities transferred from Level 3 primarily represent securities with fair values that are now obtained from a third-party pricing service with observable inputs or fair values that were included in an observable transaction with a market participant. Securities transferred to Level 3 represent securities with fair values that are now based on a single non-binding broker quote. 
 
 72 

Discounted cash flow Yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries (1) 
 - Asset backed securities Discounted cash flow Annual default rate Loss severity Yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries (2) 
 bps - bps bps Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (4) 
 - Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (4) 
 - Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps IUL embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Utilization of guaranteed withdrawals (6) (7) 
 - Surrender rate (4) 
 - Market volatility (8) (9) 
 - Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives ) (10) 
 Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (4) 
 - Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (in millions) Corporate debt securities (private placements) Discounted cash flow Yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries (1) 
 - Asset backed securities Discounted cash flow Annual default rate Loss severity Yield/spread to swap rates (3) 
 bps - bps bps Fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (4) 
 - Fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (4) 
 - Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps IUL embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Utilization of guaranteed withdrawals (6) (7) 
 - Surrender rate (4) 
 - Market volatility (8) (9) 
 - Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Surrender rate (4) 
 - Nonperformance risk (5) 
 bps bps 
 (1) The weighted average for the yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries for corporate debt securities (private placements) is weighted based on the security s market value as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities. 
 73 

Level 3 measurements not included in the tables above are obtained from non-binding broker quotes where unobservable inputs utilized in the fair value calculation are not reasonably available to the Company. 
 Uncertainty of Fair Value Measurements 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 corporate debt securities and asset backed securities in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the annual default rate used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 asset backed securities in isolation, generally, would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement and significant increases (decreases) in loss severity in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the yield/spread to swap rates in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the surrender rate used in the fair value measurement of the fixed deferred indexed annuity ceded embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in nonperformance risk used in the fair value measurement of the IUL embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in nonperformance risk and surrender rate used in the fair value measurements of the fixed deferred indexed annuity embedded derivatives and structured variable annuity embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) liability value. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in utilization and volatility used in the fair value measurement of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly higher (lower) liability value. 
 Significant increases (decreases) in nonperformance risk and surrender rate used in the fair value measurement of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) liability value. Utilization of guaranteed withdrawals and surrender rates vary with the type of rider, the duration of the policy, the age of the contractholder, the distribution channel and whether the value of the guaranteed benefit exceeds the contract accumulation value. 
 Determination of Fair Value 
 The Company uses valuation techniques consistent with the market and income approaches to measure the fair value of its assets and liabilities. The Company s market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The Company s income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future projected cash flows to a single discounted present value amount. When applying either approach, the Company maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. 
 The following is a description of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value and the general classification of these instruments pursuant to the fair value hierarchy. 
 Assets 
 Available-for-Sale Securities 
 When available, the fair value of securities is based on quoted prices in active markets. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are obtained from third-party pricing services, non-binding broker quotes, or other model-based valuation techniques. 
 74 

75 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Assets and Liabilities Not Reported at Fair Value 
 Policy loans Other investments Receivables Financial Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims Short-term borrowings Long-term debt 
 Other liabilities Separate account liabilities - investment contracts 
 76 

Policy loans Other investments Receivables Financial Liabilities Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims Short-term borrowings Long-term debt 
 Other liabilities Separate account liabilities - investment contracts 
 Other investments include syndicated loans and the Company s membership in the FHLB. Receivables include deposit receivables. See Note 7 for additional information on mortgage loans, policy loans, syndicated loans and deposit receivables. 
 Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims include fixed annuities in deferral status, non-life contingent fixed annuities in payout status, indexed and structured variable annuity host contracts, and the fixed portion of a small number of variable annuity contracts classified as investment contracts. See Note 10 for additional information on these liabilities. Short-term borrowings include FHLB borrowings. Long-term debt includes the surplus note with Ameriprise Financial. See Note 12 for further information on short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Other liabilities include future funding commitments to affordable housing partnerships and other real estate partnerships. Separate account liabilities are related to certain annuity products that are classified as investment contracts. 
 
 14. 
 real estate property which it leases to Ameriprise Financial under an operating lease that expires November 30, 2029. The Company earned million in rental income for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, which is reflected in Other revenues. The Company expects to earn million in each year of the five year period ending December 31, 2027 and a total of million thereafter. 
 Expenses 
 Charges by Ameriprise Financial and affiliated companies to the Company for use of joint facilities, technology support, marketing services and other services aggregated million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Certain of these costs are included in DAC. Expenses allocated to the Company may not be reflective of expenses that would have been incurred by the Company on a stand-alone basis. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company s taxable income is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of Ameriprise Financial. The net amount due from (to) Ameriprise Financial for federal income taxes was ) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is reflected in Other liabilities and Other assets, respectively. 
 Investments 
 The Company invested in AA and A rated asset backed securities issued by AAF as of December 31, 2021 and in AA, A and BBB rated asset backed securities issued by AAF 2 as of December 31, 2022, both affiliates of the Company. The asset backed securities are collateralized by a portfolio of loans issued to advisors affiliated with AFS, an affiliated broker dealer. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of these asset backed securities was million. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company redeemed the outstanding AA and A rated securities issued by AAF at par and invested million in new AA, A and BBB rated asset backed securities issued by AAF 2. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of these asset backed securities was million. The fair value of these asset backed securities is reported in Investments: Available-for-Sale Fixed Maturities, at fair value. Interest income from these asset backed securities was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is reported in Net investment income. 
 77 

of RiverSource Life Insurance Company s statutory admitted assets as of the prior year end. The interest rate for any borrowing under the agreement is established by reference to LIBOR for U.S. dollar deposits with maturities comparable to the relevant interest period, plus an applicable margin subject to adjustment based on debt ratings of the senior unsecured debt of Ameriprise Financial. In the event of default, an additional interest will accrue during such period of default. There were amounts outstanding on this revolving credit agreement as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 12 for information about additional lines of credit with an affiliate. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 See Note 12 for information about a surplus note to an affiliate. 
 Dividends, Return of Capital or Distributions 
 Dividend received from RiverSource Life of NY Dividends received from RTA Return of capital received from from RTA 
 On February 17, 2023, RiverSource Life Insurance Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of up to million to Ameriprise Financial, payable on or after March 20, 2023, pending approval by the Minnesota Department of Commerce. 

15.) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In addition, dividends or distributions whose fair market value, together with that of other dividends or distributions made within the preceding 12 months, exceed the greater of the previous year s statutory net gain from operations or of the previous year-end statutory capital and surplus are referred to as extraordinary dividends. Extraordinary dividends also require advance notice to the Minnesota Department of Commerce, and are subject to potential disapproval. Statutory capital and surplus was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 78 

Statutory net income 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were on deposit with various states as required by law. 
 
 16. 
 ) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amount Financial Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral Securities Collateral (in millions) Derivatives: OTC ) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) Total ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents the amount of assets that could be offset by liabilities with the same counterparty under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 79 

) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amount Financial 
 Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral Securities Collateral (in millions) Derivatives: OTC ) ) ) OTC cleared ) Exchange-traded ) Total ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents the amount of liabilities that could be offset by assets with the same counterparty under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In the tables above, the amount of assets or liabilities presented are offset first by financial instruments that have the right of offset under master netting or similar arrangements, then any remaining amount is reduced by the amount of cash and securities collateral. The actual collateral may be greater than amounts presented in the tables. 
 When the fair value of collateral accepted by the Company is less than the amount due to the Company, there is a risk of loss if the counterparty fails to perform or provide additional collateral. To mitigate this risk, the Company monitors collateral values regularly and requires additional collateral when necessary. When the value of collateral pledged by the Company declines, it may be required to post additional collateral. 
 Freestanding derivative instruments are reflected in Other assets and Other liabilities. Cash collateral pledged by the Company is reflected in Other assets and cash collateral accepted by the Company is reflected in Other liabilities. See Note 17 for additional disclosures related to the Company s derivative instruments. 
 
 17. 
 80 

Equity contracts 
 Credit contracts 
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 Total non-designated hedges Embedded derivatives GMWB and GMAB (4) 
 N/A N/A IUL N/A N/A Fixed deferred indexed annuities and deposit receivables N/A N/A Structured variable annuity (5) 
 N/A ) N/A Total embedded derivatives 
 N/A N/A Total derivatives 
 
 N/A Not applicable. 
 (1) The fair value of freestanding derivative assets is included in Other assets and the fair value of ceded derivative assets related to deposit receivables is included in Receivables . 
 (2) The fair value of freestanding derivative liabilities is included in Other liabilities . The fair value of GMWB and GMAB, IUL, and fixed deferred indexed annuity and structured variable annuity embedded derivatives is included in Policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims . 
 (3) The fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities after considering the effects of master netting arrangements, cash collateral held by the same counterparty and the fair value of net embedded derivatives was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 16 for additional information related to master netting arrangements and cash collateral. 
 (4) The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2022 included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. The fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2021 included billion of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. 
 (5) The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2022 included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. The fair value of the structured variable annuity embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2021 included million of individual contracts in a liability position and million of individual contracts in an asset position. 
 See Note 13 for additional information regarding the Company s fair value measurement of derivative instruments. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investment securities with a fair value of million and million, respectively, were received as collateral to meet contractual obligations under derivative contracts, of which million and million, respectively, may be sold, pledged or rehypothecated by the Company. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had sold, pledged, or rehypothecated of these securities. In addition, as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, non-cash collateral accepted was held in separate custodial accounts and was not included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 81 

) Equity contracts ) Credit contracts Foreign exchange contracts GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives IUL embedded derivatives Fixed deferred indexed annuity and deposit receivables embedded derivatives 
 Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives 
 Total gain (loss) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Interest rate contracts ) Equity contracts ) Credit contracts Foreign exchange contracts GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives IUL embedded derivatives Fixed deferred indexed annuities embedded derivatives 
 ) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives ) Total gain (loss) ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 Interest rate contracts Equity contracts ) Credit contracts ) Foreign exchange contracts ) GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives ) IUL embedded derivatives Fixed deferred indexed annuities embedded derivatives ) Structured variable annuity embedded derivatives ) Total gain (loss) ) 
 The Company holds derivative instruments that either do not qualify or are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. These derivative instruments are used as economic hedges of equity, interest rate, credit and foreign currency exchange rate risk related to various products and transactions of the Company. 
 Certain annuity contracts contain GMWB or GMAB provisions, which guarantee the right to make limited partial withdrawals each contract year regardless of the volatility inherent in the underlying investments or guarantee a minimum accumulation value of consideration received at the beginning of the contract period, after a specified holding period, respectively. The indexed portion of structured variable annuities and the GMAB and non-life contingent GMWB provisions are considered embedded derivatives, which are bifurcated from their host contracts for valuation purposes and reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. The Company economically hedges the aggregate exposure related to the indexed portion of structured variable annuities and the GMAB and non-life contingent GMWB provisions using options, swaptions, swaps and futures. 
 82 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2029 Total 
 Actual timing and payment amounts may differ due to future settlements, modifications or exercises of the contracts prior to the full premium being paid or received. 
 The Company has a macro hedge program to provide protection against the statutory tail scenario risk arising from variable annuity reserves on its statutory surplus and to cover some of the residual risks not covered by other hedging activities. As a means of economically hedging these risks, the Company may use a combination of futures, options, swaps and swaptions. Certain of the macro hedge derivatives may contain settlement provisions linked to both equity returns and interest rates. The Company s macro hedge derivatives that contain settlement provisions linked to both equity returns and interest rates, if any, are shown in other contracts in the tables above. 
 Structured variable annuity and IUL products have returns tied to the performance of equity markets. As a result of fluctuations in equity markets, the obligation incurred by the Company related to structured variable annuity and IUL products will positively or negatively impact earnings over the life of these products. The equity component of structured variable annuity and IUL product obligations are considered embedded derivatives, which are bifurcated from their host contracts for valuation purposes and reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. As a means of economically hedging its obligations under the provisions of these products, the Company enters into index options and futures contracts. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company held derivatives that were designated as cash flow hedges. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, hedge relationships were discontinued due to forecasted transactions no longer being expected to occur according to the original hedge strategy. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk associated with the Company s derivatives is the risk that a derivative counterparty will not perform in accordance with the terms of the applicable derivative contract. To mitigate such risk, the Company has established guidelines and oversight of credit risk through a comprehensive enterprise risk management program that includes members of senior management. Key components of this program are to require preapproval of counterparties and the use of master netting and collateral arrangements whenever practical. See Note 16 for additional information on the Company s credit exposure related to derivative assets. 
 Certain of the Company s derivative contracts contain provisions that adjust the level of collateral the Company is required to post based on the Company s financial strength rating (or based on the debt rating of the Company s parent, Ameriprise Financial). Additionally, certain of the Company s derivative contracts contain provisions that allow the counterparty to terminate the contract if the Company does not maintain a specific financial strength rating or Ameriprise Financial s debt does not maintain a specific credit rating (generally an investment grade rating). If these termination provisions were to be triggered, the Company s counterparty could require immediate settlement of any net liability position. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate fair value of derivative contracts in a net liability position containing such credit contingent provisions was million and million, respectively. The aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral for such instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. If the credit contingent provisions of derivative contracts in a net liability position as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 were triggered, the aggregate fair value of additional assets that would be required to be posted as collateral or needed to settle the instruments immediately would have been million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 83 

18.) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 ) Impact of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables 
 ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Pretax Income Tax Benefit (Expense) Net of Tax (in millions) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period (1) 
 ) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 ) ) Impact of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables (3) 
 ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Pretax Income Tax Benefit (Expense) Net of Tax (in millions) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period (1) 
 ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 ) Impact of DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables (3) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 (1) Includes impairments on Available-for-Sale securities related to factors other than credit that were recognized in OCI during the period. 
 (2) Reclassification amounts are recorded in Net realized investment gains (losses). 
 (3) See Note 21 for a summary of the revision to the Company s previously reported Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) related to net unrealized gains (losses) on securities includes three components: (i) unrealized gains (losses) that arose from changes in the market value of securities that were held during the period; (ii) (gains) losses that were previously unrealized, but have been recognized in current period net income due to sales of Available-for-Sale securities and due to the reclassification of noncredit losses to credit losses; and (iii) other adjustments primarily consisting of changes in insurance and annuity asset and liability balances, such as DAC, DSIC, unearned revenue, benefit reserves and reinsurance recoverables, to reflect the expected impact on their carrying values had the unrealized gains (losses) been realized as of the respective balance sheet dates. 
 84 

) OCI before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI Total OCI Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Total OCI ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Total OCI ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 
 19. 
 State ) Total current income tax Deferred income tax Federal ) ) ) State ) ) Total deferred income tax ) ) ) Total income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 Changes in taxes resulting from: Low income housing tax credits ) ) ) Dividend received deduction ) ) ) Foreign tax credit, net of addback ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 The decrease in the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to an increase in foreign tax credit, net of addback, as well as lower pretax income relative to tax preferred items. 
 The increase in the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to the higher pretax income relative to tax preferred items. 
 85 

as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Net unrealized losses on Available-for-Sale securities Other Gross deferred income tax assets Less: valuation allowance Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities Investment related Deferred acquisition costs Net unrealized gains on Available-for-Sale securities (1) 
 Other Gross deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax assets 
 (1) See Note 21 for a summary of the revision to the Company s previously reported Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Included in the Company s deferred income tax assets are tax benefits related to state net operating losses of million, net of federal benefit, which will expire beginning December 31, 2023. Based on analysis of the Company s tax position as of December 31, 2022, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize certain state net operating losses of million and state deferred tax assets of million; therefore, a valuation allowance of million has been established. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions based on tax positions related to the current year ) ) ) Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations ) Balance at December 31 
 If recognized, approximately million, net of federal tax benefits, of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12 months. The Company estimates that the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by approximately million in the next 12 months primarily due to Internal Revenue Service IRS settlements. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision. The Company recognized , a net increase of million and in interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a payable of million related to accrued interest and penalties. 
 Ameriprise Financial s or the Company s state income tax returns are currently under examination by various jurisdictions for years ranging from 2015 through 2020. 
 86 

20. 
 Affordable housing and other real estate partnerships Total funding commitments 
 Guarantee s 
 The Company s annuity and life products all have minimum interest rate guarantees in their fixed accounts. As of December 31, 2022, these guarantees range from to . 
 Contingencies 
 The Company and its affiliates are involved in the normal course of business in legal proceedings which include regulatory inquiries, arbitration and litigation, including class actions, concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of its activities. These include proceedings specific to the Company as well as proceedings generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which it operates. The Company can also be subject to legal proceedings arising out of its general business activities, such as its investments, contracts, and employment relationships. Uncertain economic conditions, heightened and sustained volatility in the financial markets and significant financial reform legislation may increase the likelihood that clients and other persons or regulators may present or threaten legal claims or that regulators increase the scope or frequency of examinations of the Company or the insurance industry generally. 
 As with other insurance companies, the level of regulatory activity and inquiry concerning the Company s businesses remains elevated. From time to time, the Company and its affiliates, including AFS and RiverSource Distributors, Inc. receive requests for information from, and/or are subject to examination or claims by various state, federal and other domestic authorities. The Company and its affiliates typically have numerous pending matters, which includes information requests, exams or inquiries regarding their business activities and practices and other subjects, including from time to time: sales and distribution of various products, including the Company s life insurance and variable annuity products; supervision of associated persons, including AFS financial advisors and RiverSource Distributors, Inc. s wholesalers; administration of insurance and annuity claims; security of client information; and transaction monitoring systems and controls. The Company and its affiliates have cooperated and will continue to cooperate with the applicable regulators. 
 These matters are subject to uncertainties and, as such, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even reasonably possible, or to reasonably estimate the amount of any loss. The Company cannot predict with certainty if, how, or when any such proceedings will be initiated or resolved. Matters frequently need to be more developed before a loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated for any proceeding. An adverse outcome in any proceeding could result in an adverse judgment, a settlement, fine, penalty, or other sanction, and may lead to further claims, examinations, or adverse publicity each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 In accordance with applicable accounting standards, the Company establishes an accrued liability for contingent litigation and regulatory matters when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company discloses the nature of the contingency when management believes there is at least a reasonable possibility that the outcome may be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss. In such cases, there still may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts reasonably estimated and accrued. When a loss contingency is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company does not establish an accrued liability, but continues to monitor, in conjunction with any outside counsel handling a matter, further developments that would make such loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. Once the Company establishes an accrued liability with respect to a loss contingency, the Company continues to monitor the matter for further developments that could affect the amount of the accrued liability that has been previously established, and any appropriate adjustments are made each quarter. 
 Guaranty Fund Assessments 
 RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Life of NY are required by law to be a member of the guaranty fund association in every state where they are licensed to do business. In the event of insolvency of one or more unaffiliated insurance companies, the Company could be adversely affected by the requirement to pay assessments to the guaranty fund associations. The Company projects its cost of future guaranty fund assessments based on estimates of insurance company insolvencies provided by the National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations and the amount of its premiums written relative to the industry-wide premium in each state. The Company accrues the estimated cost of future guaranty fund assessments when it is considered probable that an assessment will be imposed, the event obligating the Company to pay the assessment has occurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 
 87 

million. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related premium tax asset was million. The expected period over which guaranty fund assessments will be made and the related tax credits recovered is not known. 
 
 21. 
 
 ) Total assets ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Total shareholder s equity Total liabilities and shareholder s equity ) 
 Revised Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 
 2020 As Reported Impact of Revision As Revised As Reported Impact of Revision As Revised (in millions) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 Revised Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity 
 As Reported As Revised Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholder s Equity Impact of Revision Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholder s Equity (in millions) Balances at January 1, 2020 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balances at December 31, 2020 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be reported in the Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in and pursuant to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC regulations, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that this information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and chief financial officer, 
 88 

as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. It should be noted that, because of inherent limitations, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 The Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter of the year to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s management, with the participation of its principal executive officer and chief financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on management s assessment and those criteria, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 89 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PwC as an independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Fees Paid to the Registrant s Independent Auditor 
 The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by PwC for the audit of the Company s financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and other fees billed for other services rendered by PwC during those periods. 
 2022 2021 (in thousands) Audit fees (1) 
 2,231 2,155 Audit-related fees (2) 
 18 17 All other fees 900 559 Total 3,149 2,731 
 (1) Audit fees include audit work performed in the review of the financial statements, as well as services that generally only the independent auditor can be expected to provide, such as comfort letters, statutory audits, attest services, consents and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 
 (2) Audit-related fees include services provided by the independent auditor that are reasonably related to the performance or review of the audit. 
 Policy on Pre-Approval of Services Provided by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the terms of the engagement of PwC are subject to the specific pre-approval of the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial. All audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by PwC for the Company require pre-approval by the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial in accordance with pre-approval procedures established by the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial. The procedures require all proposed engagements of PwC for services to the Company of any kind to be directed to the General Auditor of Ameriprise Financial, and then submitted for approval to the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial prior to the beginning of any services. In 2022 and 2021, 100 of the services provided by PwC for the Company were pre-approved by the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial. 
 90 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) and (2) 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The information required herein has been provided in Item 8. 
 (3) Exhibit Index 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report or, where indicated, were already filed and are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of IDS Life Insurance Company filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement No. 33-28976 is incorporated by reference. 3.1.1 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of IDS Life Insurance Company dated June 22, 2006, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on Jan. 5, 2007 is incorporated by reference. 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of RiverSource Life Insurance Company dated June 22, 2006, filed as Exhibit 27(f)(2) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to Registration Statement No. 333-69777, is incorporated by reference. 4.1 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract (form 240343), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-92297, on February 11, 2000, is incorporated by reference. 4.2 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract (form 411265) filed as Exhibit 4.55 to Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-139763 on November 25, 2009 is incorporated by reference. 4.3 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract Option L (form 271496), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-73958, on February 20, 2002, is incorporated by reference. 4.4 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract Option C (form 271491), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-73958, on February 20, 2002, is incorporated by reference. 4.5 
 Form of Variable Annuity Contract (form 271498) filed as Exhibit 4.29 to the Initial Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Annuity Account, File No. 333-139759, filed on January 3, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 4.6 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for American Express Signature Variable Annuity (form 43431), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-74865 on Form N-4, filed on August 5, 1999, is incorporated by reference. 4.7 
 Form of Fixed and Variable Annuity Contract (form 272876) filed as Exhibit 4.35 to the Initial Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Annuity Account, File No. 333-139760, on January 3, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 4.8 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for the American Express Galaxy Premier Variable Annuity and the American Express Pinnacle Variable Annuity(SM) (form 44170), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-82149, on September 21, 1999, is incorporated by reference. 4.9 
 Form of Deferred Variable Annuity Contract (form 272876-DPSG1) filed as Exhibit 4.28 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-85567, on February 11, 2004 is incorporated by reference. 4.10 
 Form of Contract Data Pages - RVSL (form 273954DPSG1) filed as Exhibit 4.39 to the Initial Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Annuity Account, File No. 333-139762, filed on January 3, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 4.11 
 Form of Group Deferred Variable Annuity Contract (form 34660) dated April, 1992, filed electronically as Exhibit 4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement No. 33-47302, on April 27, 1994, is incorporated by reference. 4.12 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for Retirement Advisor Advantage Plus (form 1043A) filed as Exhibit 4.15 to IDS Life Variable Account 10 Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on January 28, 2004, is incorporated by reference. 4.13 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for the American Express Signature One Variable Annuity (form 240180), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-85567, on Dec. 8, 1999, is incorporated by reference. (See Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 12/8/1999.) 4.14 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for the Wells Fargo Advantage(SM)Variable Annuity (form 44209), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-85567, on Nov. 4, 1999, is incorporated by reference. (See Exhibit 4.1 to Form N-4 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 11/4/1999.) 
 91 

Exhibit Description 4.15 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for the Wells Fargo Advantage(SM)Builder Variable Annuity (form 44210), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-85567, filed on Nov. 4, 1999, is incorporated by reference. (See Exhibit 4.2 to Form N-4 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 11/4/1999.) 4.16 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract (form 272646), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-92297, on October 30, 2003, is incorporated by reference. 4.17 
 Form of Deferred Variable Annuity Contract (form 272876-DPSIG) filed as Exhibit 4.18 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-74865, on February 2, 2004 is incorporated by reference. 4.18 
 Form of Deferred Variable Annuity Contract (form 272876-DPWF6) filed as Exhibit 4.29 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-85567, on February 11, 2004 is incorporated by reference. 4.19 
 Form of Deferred Variable Annuity Contract (form 272876-DPWF8) filed as Exhibit 4.30 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-85567, on February 11, 2004 is incorporated by reference. 4.20 
 Form of Deferred Variable Annuity Contract (form 272876-DPFCC) filed as Exhibit 4.21 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-73958, on February 10, 2004 is incorporated by reference. 4.21 
 Form of Deferred Variable Annuity Contract (form 272876-DPFCL) filed as Exhibit 4.22 to RiverSource Variable Annuity Account s Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4, File No. 333-73958, on February 10, 2004 is incorporated by reference. 4.22 
 Form of MVA Endorsement (form 44182) filed as Exhibit 4.25 to the Initial Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Annuity Account, File No. 333-139760, on January 3, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 4.23 
 Copy of Non-tax qualified Group Annuity Contract, Form 30363C, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 6, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/6/1994.) 4.24 
 Copy of Non-tax qualified Group Annuity Certificate, Form 30360C, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 6, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/6/1994.) 4.25 
 Copy of Tax qualified Group Annuity Contract, Form 30369C, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 15, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 4.5 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/15/1998.) 4.26 
 Copy of Tax qualified Group Annuity Certificate, Form 30368C, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 15, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 4.6 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/15/1998.) 4.27 
 Copy of Group IRA Annuity Contract, Form 30372C, filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 15, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 4.7 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/15/1998.) 4.28 
 Copy of Group IRA Annuity Certificate, Form 30371C, filed as Exhibit 4.8 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 15, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 4.8 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/15/1998.) 4.29 
 Copy of Non-tax qualified Individual Annuity Contract, Form 30365D, filed as Exhibit 4.9 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 15, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference (See Exhibit 4.9 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/15/1998.) 4.30 
 Copy of Tax qualified Individual Annuity Contract, Form 30370C, filed as Exhibit 4.11 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 15, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 4.11 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/15/1998.) 4.31 
 Copy of Individual IRA Annuity Contract, Form 30373C, filed as Exhibit 4.12 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for IDS Life Insurance Company, File No. 33-28976, on April 15, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference. (See Exhibit 4.12 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on 4/15/1998.) 4.32 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for Retirement Advisor Select Plus (form 131041A) filed as Exhibit 4.16 to IDS Life Variable Account 10 Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on January 28, 2004, is incorporated by reference. 4.33 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for RiverSource Retirement Advisor 4 Advantage (form 131101) filed as Exhibit 4.17 to IDS Life Variable Account 10 Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on June 5, 2006, is incorporated by reference. 
 92 

Exhibit Description 4.34 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for RiverSource Retirement Advisor 4 Select Variable Annuity (form 131102) filed as Exhibit 4.18 to IDS Life Variable Account 10 Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on June 5, 2006, is incorporated by reference. 4.35 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for RiverSource Retirement Advisor 4 Access Variable Annuity (form 131103) filed as Exhibit 4.19 to IDS Life Variable Account 10 Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on June 5, 2006, is incorporated by reference. 4.36 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for RAVA 5 Advantage and data pages filed as Exhibit 4.36 to RiverSource Variable Account 10 s Post-Effective Amendment No. 61 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on July 12, 2010, is incorporated by reference. 4.37 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for RAVA 5 Select and data pages filed as Exhibit 4.37 to RiverSource Variable Account 10 s Post-Effective Amendment No. 61 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on July 12, 2010, is incorporated by reference. 4.38 
 Form of Deferred Annuity Contract for RAVA 5 Access and data pages filed as Exhibit 4.38 to RiverSource Variable Account 10 s Post-Effective Amendment No. 61 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Variable Account 10, File No. 333-79311, on July 12, 2010, is incorporated by reference. 4.39 
 Form of Flexible Purchase Payments Deferred Variable Annuity contract and data pages for RiverSource RAVA Apex Variable Annuity, filed as Exhibit (d)(i) to Registration Statement No. 333-262312 on Form N-4 on January 24, 2022, is incorporated by reference herewith. 4.4 0 
 Form of Flexible Purchase Payments Deferred Variable Annuity contract and data pages for RiverSource RAVA Apex NY Variable Annuity filed electronically filed as Exhibit (d)(i) to Registration Statement No.333-262387 on Form N-4 on January 28, 2022, is incorporated by reference. 4.41 
 Form of Flexible Purchase Payments Deferred Variable Annuity contract and data pages for RiverSource RAVA Vista Variable Annuity filed electronically filed as Exhibit (d)(i) to Registration Statement No.333-262313 on Form N-4 on January 24, 2022, is incorporated by reference. 4.42 
 Form of Flexible Purchase Payments Deferred Variable Annuity contract and data pages for RiverSource RAVA Vista NY Variable Annuity filed electronically filed as Exhibit (d)(1) to Registration Statement No.333-262389 on Form N-4 on January 28, 2022, is incorporated by reference. 4.43 
 Form of Group Deferred 403 (b) Annuity Contract (form 411333)with data pages filed electronically as Exhibit 4.1 to the Initial Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Retirement Group Annuity Contract I, File No. 333-177381on or about October 19, 2011, is incorporated by reference. 4.44 
 Form of Guarantee Period Accounts endorsement filed electronically as Exhibit 4.3 to the Initial Registration Statement on Form N-4 for RiverSource Retirement Group Variable Annuity Contract II, File No. 333-177381 on or about October19, 2011, is incorporated by reference. 4.45 
 Articles of Merger of IDS Life Insurance Company and American Enterprise Life Insurance Company dated March 16, 2006, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for RiverSource Life Insurance Company, File No. 333-114888, on April 27, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 10.1 
 Principal Underwriter Agreement for Variable Annuities and Variable Life Insurance between RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Distributors, Inc. effective January 1, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 10.2 
 Selling Agreement by and among RiverSource Life Insurance Company, RiverSource Distributors, Inc. and Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. effective January 1, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 10.3 
 Marketing Support Services Agreement between Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective January 1, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 10.4 
 Investment Management and Services Agreement between RiverSource Investments, LLC (n/k/a Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC) and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective January 1, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2007, is incorporated by reference. 10.5 
 Federal Income Tax Sharing Agreement between or among Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and certain subsidiaries, including RiverSource Life Insurance Company and RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York effective December 1, 2010, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2011, is incorporated by reference. 10.6 
 Intercompany Services Agreement by and among RiverSource Life Insurance Company and Ameriprise India Private Limited effective January 1, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-K on February 23, 2017, is incorporated by reference. 10.7 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Intercompany Services Agreement by and among RiverSource Life Insurance Company and Ameriprise India Private Limited effective October 15, 2017, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2018, is incorporated by reference. 10.8 
 Amended and Restated Management, Service Marketing Support Agreement by and between Columbia Management Investments Advisers, LLC, Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective January 1, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2011, is incorporated by reference. 
 93 

Exhibit Description 10.9 
 Services Agreement by and between Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective September 1, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2015, is incorporated by reference. 10.10 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Management, Service Marketing Support Agreement by and between Columbia Management Investments Advisers, LLC, Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective October 1, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2014, is incorporated by reference. 10.11 
 Intercompany Service Agreement by and between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective January 1, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2015, is incorporated by reference. 10.12 
 Wholesaling Service Agreement by and between RiverSource Distributors, Inc. and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective January 1, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2015, is incorporated by reference. 10.13 
 Fund Accounting Service Agreement by and between Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective February 1, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2015, is incorporated by reference. 10.14 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Management, Service Marketing Support Agreement by and between Columbia Management Investments Advisers, LLC, Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. and RiverSource Life Insurance Company effective January 1, 2017, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2017, is incorporated by reference. 10.15 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Intercompany Services Agreement by and among RiverSource Life Insurance Company, Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and Ameriprise India, LLP (f/k/a Ameriprise India Private Limited) effective April 22, 2019, filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2020, is incorporated by reference. 24 Powers of attorney (included on Signature Page) 31.1 
 Certification of Gumer C. Alvero, Chairman and President, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of Brian E. Hartert, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32 
 Certification of Gumer C. Alvero, Chairman and President and Brian E. Hartert, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from RiverSource Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page from RiverSource Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. Filed electronically herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 94 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 RIVERSOURCE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Registrant 
 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Gumer C. Alvero Gumer C. Alvero Chairman and President POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned directors and officers of RiverSource Life Insurance Company, a Minnesota corporation, does hereby make, constitute and appoint Gumer C. Alvero, Brian E. Hartert and Michael Burton, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and/or officer of said corporation to an Annual Report on Form 10-K or other applicable form, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by such corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been duly signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Gumer C. Alvero Gumer C. Alvero, Director, Chairman and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Brian E. Hartert Brian E. Hartert Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Gregg L. Ewing Gregg L. Ewing Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Stephen P. Blaske Stephen P. Blaske Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ John R. Hutt John R. Hutt Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Jeninne C. McGee Jeninne C. McGee Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Gene R. Tannuzzo Gene R. Tannuzzo Director 
 Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Stephen R. Wolfrath Stephen R. Wolfrath Director 
 95 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rvsexhibit311-x12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Gumer C. Alvero, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RiverSource Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Gumer C. Alvero Gumer C. Alvero Chairman and President 
 
 E-3 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rvsexhibit312-x12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian E. Hartert, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RiverSource Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Brian E. Hartert Brian E. Hartert Chief Financial Officer 

E-4 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 rvsexhibit32-x12312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of RiverSource Life Insurance Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Gumer C. Alvero, as Chairman and President and Brian E. Hartert, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Gumer C. Alvero Gumer C. Alvero Chairman and President 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Brian E. Hartert Brian E. Hartert Chief Financial Officer 
 
 E-5 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 amp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 amp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 amp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 amp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 amp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

