<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1358403_0001628280-23-010145.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7263203</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>437250</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1276994</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2314600</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1717212</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1388851</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-010145.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160340
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-010145
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001358403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				201450200
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36783
		FILM NUMBER:		23787466

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3730 KIRBY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 384-1100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3730 KIRBY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-010145.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 blcm-20221231.htm
 10-K

blcm-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The approximate aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the last sale price of the registrant s common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and stockholder that the registrant concluded were affiliates of the registrant have been excluded from such calculation. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 42 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 45 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 76 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 76 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 77 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 78 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 83 
 Signatures 

1 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, including the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We may, in some cases, use words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or the negative or plural of those terms, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans to evaluate and explore a variety of strategic alternatives focused on maximizing shareholder value, including, but not limited to, a merger, sale, or other business combination, a strategic partnership with one or more parties, or the licensing, sale or divestiture of our programs. 
 These forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the filing date of this Annual Report and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 You should carefully read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect or express in any forward-looking statements contained herein. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report by these cautionary statements. 
 Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons that actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 There are a number of risks related to our business and our securities. Below is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, as well as other risks that we face, can be found in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors. 
 
 We have incurred net losses from operations in every year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future. 
 
 Our activities to evaluate and pursue strategic alternatives may not result in any definitive transaction or enhance stockholder value. 
 
 Clinical trials may fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of any of our product candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 
 Adverse side effects or other safety risks associated with our product candidates have caused us to discontinue our clinical trials and could, if we, or an acquiror, pursues clinical development in the future, cause a suspension or discontinuance of future clinical trials, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 
 The terms of our 2019 private placement of equity restrict our operating and financial flexibility, and give priority to certain investors, both of which could significantly harm our liquidity, financial condition, operating results, business and prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 If we fail to satisfy applicable listing standards, our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 
 Our principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our stock and can exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1. Business 
 Overview 
 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company that has discovered and developed novel, controllable cellular immunotherapies for various forms of cancer, including both hematological cancers and solid tumors. Our proprietary Chemical Induction of Dimerization, or CID, technology platform is designed to enable control of components of the immune system in real time. By incorporating our CID platform into cellular immunotherapies, we may enhance their efficacy and safety. 
 
 In March 2023, we announced our decision to discontinue our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials evaluating the safety and preliminary efficacy of our GoCAR-T cell product candidates (including BPX-601 and BPX-603) in combination with rimiducid in heavily pre-treated cancer patients following our assessment of the risk/benefit profile of BPX-601 in combination with rimiducid. 
 
 We are communicating with clinical trial sites and regulatory agencies regarding our decision to discontinue these trials. We are evaluating and exploring a variety of strategic and financing alternatives focused on maximizing shareholder value, including, but not limited to, a merger, sale, or other business combination, a strategic partnership with one or more parties, or the licensing, sale or divestiture of our programs. Despite undertaking this process, we may not be successful in completing a transaction, and, even if a strategic transaction is completed, it ultimately may not deliver the anticipated benefits or enhance stockholder value. If we do not successfully consummate a strategic alternative, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of the Company. 
 
 We are no longer pursuing further clinical development of our product candidates at this time. The disclosures throughout this document include discussions regarding our historical operations along with potential risks that could arise if we or a third party pursue further research, trials, or development in the future. 
 
 Historical research overview 
 
 Cell behavior is controlled by cascades of specialized signaling proteins. CID consists of molecular switches, modified forms of these signaling proteins, which are triggered inside the patient by infusion of a small molecule, instead of by natural upstream signals. We genetically introduce these molecular switches into the appropriate immune cells and deliver the cells to the patient in the manner of conventional cellular immunotherapy. We have developed two such switches: an activation switch, designed to stimulate activation, proliferation and persistence of the immunotherapy cells and provide other immunomodulatory benefits, and a safety switch, designed to initiate programmed cell death, or apoptosis, of the immunotherapy cells: 
 
 The inducible MyD88/CD40 (iMC) activation switch that was incorporated into our GoCAR product candidates is designed to enhance CAR-based cell therapies by augmenting multiple mechanisms of action, including: 1) boosting effector cell proliferation; 2) enhancing functional persistence by resisting exhaustion and inhibitory signals found in the tumor microenvironment; and 3) stimulating the cancer patient s own immune system to intensify tumor killing. Unlike other CAR therapies that can behave unpredictably due to their autonomous activity, GoCAR antitumor effects are controlled through scheduled administration of rimiducid. In the event of severe side effects, GoCAR activity can be attenuated by extending the interval between rimiducid doses or suspending further rimiducid administration. 
 
 Our CaspaCIDe safety switch (also known as inducible Caspase-9, or iC9) is designed to be inactive unless the patient experiences a serious side effect (e.g., cytokine release syndrome, or CRS, neurologic toxicities or off-tumor / on-target toxicities). In that event, rimiducid or temsirolimus is administered to induce Caspase-9 and eliminate the cells, with the goal of attenuating the therapy and resolving the serious side effect. 
 
 Dual-switch GoCARs are designed to provide a user-controlled system for managing proliferation, persistence and safety of tumor antigen-specific CAR cells by incorporating both our iMC and CaspaCIDe switches. 
 
 We developed GoCAR product candidates we advanced to Phase 1/2 clinical trials: 
 
 BPX-601 is an autologous GoCAR-T product candidate containing our proprietary iMC activation switch, designed to treat solid tumors expressing prostate stem cell antigen, or PSCA. 
 
 BPX-603 is an autologous dual-switch GoCAR-T product candidate containing both the iMC activation and CaspaCIDe safety switches. BPX-603 is designed to target solid tumors that express the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 antigen, or HER2. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Product Candidates 
 BPX-601: GoCAR-T for PSCA+ Solid Tumors 
 We were previously developing BPX-601, an autologous GoCAR-T product candidate containing our proprietary iMC activation switch, designed to treat solid tumors expressing PSCA. PSCA is an antigen expressed in several solid tumor indications, including prostate and pancreatic cancer. Pre-clinical data show iMC enhances T cell proliferation and persistence, enhances host immune activity, and modulates the tumor microenvironment to improve the potential to treat solid tumors compared to traditional CAR-T therapies. 
 
 In March 2023, we announced our decision to discontinue our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial, called BP-012, in patients with metastatic castration-resistance prostate, or mCRPC, and have begun evaluating strategic alternatives for our company. The most recent patient treated in the Phase 1/2 trial of BPX-601 in mCRPC experienced serious immune-mediated adverse events including Grade 4 CRS, the second dose-limiting toxicity observed in this cohort of dose escalation. After conducting a thorough review of the risk/benefit observed in BPX-601 to date, we determined that, while clinically meaningful efficacy has been observed, we do not believe that we have the necessary resources to optimize either the clinical dose and schedule of BPX-601 cells and the activating agent rimiducid, or the design of the BPX-601 cell construct to achieve a favorable risk/benefit profile. 
 
 We completed cell dose escalation and lymphodepletion optimization and initiated rimiducid dose escalation in our BP-012 study in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. In 24 pancreatic cancer patients treated in the study, we reported: adverse events generally consistent with cytotoxic chemotherapy or other cancer immunotherapies (including two Grade 3-4 CRS and one Grade 4 ICANS); disease control rate of 64.7 with best response of stable disease, with tumor shrinkage 
 In February 2023, we presented early Phase 1 results at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Genitourinary Cancers Symposium (ASCO GU) in San Francisco and virtually. The presentation was of initial data from the first two cohorts (8 patients, total) who received lymphodepleting chemotherapy (fludarabine + cyclophosphamide) followed by a single dose of 5x106 BPX-601 cells/kg and single (n=3) or weekly (n=5) doses of 0.4 mg/kg rimiducid beginning seven days following the cell infusion. The primary observations were: 
 
 Four of eight (50 patients achieved a decrease in the level of prostate-specific antigen, or PSA, of at least 50 (PSA50), three of whom achieved a PSA90 response. 
 Of the six patients with soft tissue (visceral and/or lymph node) disease, two achieved partial responses by RECIST v1.1, one of which was confirmed. 
 Of the two patients with bone-only disease, one patient achieved a PSA90 response with decreased enhancement of bone lesions observed on bone scan. 
 The most common grade 3+ adverse events were myelosuppression, characteristic of the lymphodepleting chemotherapies. Two patients experienced Grade 3 CRS. One patient experienced Grade 4 ICANS with concurrent hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis; while ICANS improved to grade 1 with standard of care treatment and withholding of subsequent doses of rimiducid, the patient died on study day 20 due to sepsis. Interpretation of immune-mediated adverse events in this patient is confounded by concurrent sepsis. 
 Consistent BPX-601 cell expansion across patients was observed, with persistence of BPX-601 cells detected in peripheral blood over 200 days. 
 Evidence of inducible MyD88/CD40 (iMC) activation was observed, with serum levels of pro-inflammatory T cell cytokines (including IFN , TNF , IL-6 and IP-10) rising after administration of rimiducid and subsequently falling prior to subsequent doses. 
 BPX-601 cell infiltration in PSCA-positive tumor was observed. 
 
 BPX-603: Dual-Switch GoCAR-T for HER2+ Solid Tumors 
 We were previously developing BPX-603, which is our first controllable dual-switch autologous GoCAR-T product candidate and incorporates both the iMC activation switch and the CaspaCIDe safety switch. BPX-603 is designed to target solid tumors that express the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 antigen, or HER2. HER2 is a validated antigen for cancer therapies, and academic HER2 CAR-T cell clinical studies have shown evidence of anti-tumor activity. These academic HER2 CAR-T approaches targeting HER2 have been limited by modest clinical efficacy and off-tumor/on-target toxicity. We believe that our dual-switch GoCAR-T technology may be uniquely suited to improve upon these earlier efforts, by driving greater efficacy through iMC activation while enabling clinicians to manage any treatment-emergent toxicities with CaspaCIDe. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 In March 2023, we announced our decision to discontinue our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial, called BPX603-201A, in patients with metastatic HER2+ solid tumors as discussed above. 
 Manufacturing, Processing and Delivering to Patients 
 We developed efficient and scalable processes to manufacture genetically modified T cells of high quality. 
 
 Our product candidates require a combination of three critical components: (1) viral vectors with DNA content encoded for our proprietary switch proteins and co-stimulatory and other accessory molecules, (2) patient-derived T cells that are genetically modified by our viral vectors, and (3) the small molecules rimiducid and/or temsirolimus, which activate the switch proteins. Each of these components requires a separate supply chain and shares the same regulatory requirements applicable for biological or chemical materials suitable for human use. Details on each of these components are described below: 
 
 a. Viral Vectors. We used gamma retrovirus to transduce our product candidates. We believe that gamma retrovirus is optimal for cell transduction given that it is an integrating vector that induces long-term gene expression, exhibits high transduction efficiency, has sufficient capacity for DNA content, and has been extensively and safely used in clinical trials. 
 
 b. Genetically Modified Cells. We have designed and refined a proprietary process for cell engineering that has been improved from lab-based open procedures used in academic and research settings to a functionally closed system that is more appropriate for large-scale clinical trials and commercialization. 
 
 c. Small Molecules. Rimiducid is a synthetic small molecule that has been rationally designed to trigger the proprietary switch proteins in our CID platform. We have separate third-party manufacturers for the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and the finished drug product. Manufacturers of both the API and finished drug product have been selected based on their technical expertise and ability to provide supplies for our clinical trial. In our dual-switch constructs, the small molecule temsirolimus can be used to trigger one of the two switches. Temsirolimus is an approved and commercially available product manufactured and distributed by Pfizer Inc. under the trade name TORISEL. 
 
 Before we discontinued our clinical development programs, we were focused on refining our overall cell therapy supply chain, manufacturing, processing and delivery to patients to be more efficient. Our current process cycles for our autologous product candidates, from collection of white blood cells to infusion of the final product, can be completed in as little as four weeks and are customized to be complementary to the treatment procedure of interest in order to prevent delays or complications. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We seek to protect proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to our business by seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. We also seek to rely on regulatory protection afforded through orphan drug designations, data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions where available as well as contractual agreements with our academic and commercial partners. 
 
 A strategic focus for us has been to identify and license key patents and patent applications that serve to enhance our intellectual property and technology position. Our intellectual property estate includes: (1) claims directed to core CID technologies and components used in our products; (2) claims directed to methods of treatment for therapeutic indications; (3) claims directed to specific products; and (4) claims directed to innovative methods for generating new constructs for genetically engineering T cells. We believe our patent estate, together with our efforts to develop and patent next generation technologies, provides us with a substantial intellectual property position. 
 As of December 31, 2022, to our knowledge, our patent estate, on a worldwide basis, includes 192 issued patents, 26 of which are in the U.S., and 63 pending patent applications, 17 of which are in the U.S., which we own or for which we have an exclusive, either in its entirety or within our field of use, commercial license. The provisional and pending patent applications and issued patents include composition of matter and method of use claims. 
 We have internally developed technology disclosed in seven pending utility patent applications in the U.S., one European granted patent validated in eight countries, two issued foreign patents and 23 pending foreign patent applications that relate to our GoCAR-T technology. If U.S. patents issue from the U.S. applications, the estimated expiration date of the last to expire patent is in 2039. If patents are issued in foreign jurisdictions, the anticipated expiration dates will be in 2039. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to our licenses from Baylor College of Medicine and Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc., we have exclusive commercial rights to 12 issued U.S. patents expiring in 2024 or later, four pending U.S. utility patent applications, three European granted patents (the first validated in three countries, the second validated in nine countries, and the third validated in four countries), five issued foreign patents expiring in 2024 or later and two pending patent applications in foreign jurisdictions that relate to our GoCAR-T, rivo-cel and certain of our other technologies. If U.S. patents issue from the currently pending U.S. patent applications, the estimated expiration date of the last to expire patent is 2031. If patents from the currently pending patent applications are issued in foreign jurisdictions, the estimated expiration dates range from 2024 to 2029. 
 Pursuant to our license agreement with Agensys, Inc. we have exclusive commercial rights for technology to target certain cancer-specific antigens. 
 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional application to which priority is claimed. In the U.S., a patent s term may be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, in granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier-filed patent. The term of a patent that covers a drug or biologic approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, may also be eligible for a patent term restoration of up to five years under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which is designed to compensate for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The length of the patent term restoration is calculated based on the length of time the drug or biologic is under regulatory review. A patent term restoration under the Hatch-Waxman Act cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug or biologic may be restored. Moreover, a patent can only be restored once, and thus, if a single patent is applicable to multiple products, it can only be extended based on one product. Similar provisions are available in Europe and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug or biologic. 
 
 We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets to protect our technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our consultants, contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 Our Collaboration and License Agreements 
 Co-Development and Co-Commercialization Agreement - Adaptimmune 
 In December 2016, we and Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, or Adaptimmune, entered into a Co-Development and Co-Commercialization Agreement, or the Adaptimmune Agreement, in order to facilitate a staged collaboration to evaluate, develop and commercialize next generation T cell therapies. Since we have stopped all development activity related to our product candidates, we are not currently performing any development efforts under this agreement. 
 Under the Adaptimmune Agreement, the parties agreed to evaluate our GoTCR technology, iMC co-stimulation, with Adaptimmune's affinity-optimized SPEAR T cells for the potential to create enhanced TCR product candidates. Depending on results of the preclinical proof-of-concept phase, the agreement may progress to a two-target co-development and co-commercialization phase. To the extent necessary, and in furtherance of the parties proof-of-concept and co-development efforts, the parties granted each other a royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive license covering their respective technologies for purposes of facilitating such proof-of-concept and co-development efforts. In addition, as to covered therapies developed under the Adaptimmune Agreement, the parties granted each other a reciprocal exclusive license for the commercialization of such therapies. 
 With respect to any joint commercialization of a covered therapy, the parties agreed to negotiate in good faith the commercially reasonable terms of a co-commercialization agreement. The parties also agreed that any such agreement shall provide for, among other things, equal sharing of the costs of any such joint commercialization and the calculation of profit shares as set forth in the Adaptimmune Agreement. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The Adaptimmune Agreement will expire on a country-by-country basis once the parties cease commercialization of the T cell therapies covered by the Adaptimmune Agreement, unless earlier terminated by either party for material breach, non-performance or cessation of development, bankruptcy/insolvency, or failure to progress to co-development phase. 
 License Agreement - Agensys 
 In December 2015, we and Agensys, Inc., or Agensys, entered into a license agreement, or the Agensys Agreement, pursuant to which (i) Agensys granted us, within the field of cell and gene therapy of diseases in humans, an exclusive, worldwide license and sublicense to its patent rights directed to PSCA and related antibodies, and (ii) we granted Agensys a non-exclusive, fully paid license to our patents directed to inventions that were made by us in the course of developing our licensed products, solely for use with Agensys therapeutic products containing a soluble antibody that binds to PSCA or, to the extent not based upon our other proprietary technology, to non-therapeutic applications of antibodies not used within the field. 
 As consideration for the rights granted to us under the Agensys Agreement, we agreed to pay to Agensys a non-refundable upfront fee of 3.0 million. We are also required to make aggregate milestone payments to Agensys of up to (i) 5.0 million upon the first achievement of certain specified clinical milestones for its licensed products, (ii) 50.0 million upon the achievement of certain specified clinical milestones for each licensed product, and (iii) 75.0 million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones for each licensed product. The Agensys Agreement additionally provides that we will pay to Agensys a royalty percentage that ranges from the mid to high single digits based on the level of annual net sales of licensed products by us, our affiliates or permitted sublicensees. The royalty payments are subject to reduction under specified circumstances. 
 Under the Agensys Agreement, Agensys also was granted the option to obtain an exclusive license, on a product-by-product basis, from us to commercialize in Japan each licensed product developed under the Agensys Agreement that has completed a phase 2 clinical trial. As to each such licensed product, if Agensys or its affiliate, Astellas Pharma, Inc., exercises the option, the Agensys Agreement provides that we will be paid an option exercise fee of 5.0 million. In addition, the Agensys Agreement provides that we will be paid a royalty that ranges from the mid to high single digits based on the level of annual net sales in Japan of each such licensed product. If the option is exercised, the aggregate milestone payments payable by us to Agensys, described above with respect to each licensed product, would be reduced by up to an aggregate of 65.0 million upon the achievement of certain specified clinical and sales milestones. 
 The Agensys Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of the last royalty term for the products covered by the Agensys Agreement, which is the earlier of (i) the date of expiration or abandonment of the last valid claim within the licensed patent rights covering any licensed products under the Agensys Agreement, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity as to a licensed product, and (iii) 10 years after the first commercial sale of a licensed product. Either party may terminate the Agensys Agreement upon a material breach by the other party that remains uncured following 60 days after the date of written notice of such breach (or 30 days if such material breach is related to failure to make payment of amounts due under the Agensys Agreement) or upon certain insolvency events. In addition, Agensys may terminate the Agensys Agreement immediately upon written notice to us if we or any of our affiliates or permitted sublicensees commence an interference proceeding or challenge the validity or enforceability of any of Agensys patent rights. 
 License Agreement - BioVec 
 In June 2015, we and BioVec Pharma, Inc., or BioVec, entered into a license agreement, or the BioVec Agreement, pursuant to which BioVec agreed to supply us with certain proprietary cell lines and granted us a non-exclusive, worldwide license to certain of its patent rights and related know-how related to such proprietary cell lines. 
 As consideration for the products supplied and rights granted to us under the BioVec Agreement, we agreed to pay to BioVec an upfront fee of 100,000 within ten business days of the effective date of the BioVec Agreement and a fee of 300,000 within ten business days of its receipt of the first release of GMP lot of the products licensed under the BioVec Agreement. In addition, we agreed to pay to BioVec an annual fee of 150,000, commencing 30 days following the first filing of an IND, or its foreign equivalent, for a product covered by the license; with such annual fees being creditable against any royalties payable by us to BioVec under the BioVec Agreement. We also are required to make a 250,000 milestone payment to BioVec for each of the first three licensed products to enter into a clinical phase trial and one-time milestone payments of 2.0 million upon receipt of a registration granted by the FDA or EMA on each of our first three licensed products. The BioVec Agreement additionally provides that we will pay to BioVec a royalty in the low single digits on net sales of products covered by the BioVec Agreement. We may also grant sub licenses under the licensed patent rights and know-how to third parties for limited purposes related to the use, sale and other exploitation of the products licensed under the BioVec Agreement. The BioVec Agreement will continue until terminated. The BioVec Agreement may be terminated by us, in our sole discretion, at any time upon 90 days written notice to BioVec. Either party may terminate the BioVec Agreement in the event of a breach by the other party of any material provision of the BioVec Agreement that remains uncured on the date that is 60 days after written notice of such failure or upon certain 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is 30 days after the date of written notice to a party regarding such insolvency event. 
 License Agreements - Baylor College of Medicine 
 2008 Baylor License Agreement 
 Pursuant to an Exclusive License Agreement with Baylor College of Medicine, or Baylor, dated March 20, 2008, or the 2008 Baylor license agreement, we obtained an exclusive, worldwide and fully paid up license to certain intellectual property, including intellectual property related to methods for activating antigen presenting cells and to genetic constructs coding for membrane bound inducible cytoplasmic CD40. 
 As consideration for the 2008 Baylor license agreement, we issued to Baylor 23,529 shares of our common stock and assumed responsibility for all legal fees and expenses, filing or maintenance fees, assessments and all other costs and expenses related to prosecuting, obtaining and maintaining patent protection on the patents subject to the 2008 Baylor license agreement. 
 The 2008 Baylor license agreement is subject to certain restrictions and is nonexclusive with respect to (1) the making or use of the licensed intellectual property for use in non-commercial research, patient care, teaching, and other educational purposes; (2) any non-exclusive license covering the licensed intellectual property that Baylor grants to other academic or research institutions for noncommercial research purposes; (3) any non-exclusive licenses that Baylor is required to grant to the U.S. or foreign state pursuant to an existing or future treaty with the U.S.; and (4) a non-exclusive license granted to ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. or ARIAD under the terms of a materials transfer agreement between Baylor and ARIAD. 
 Baylor may terminate or modify the 2008 Baylor license agreement in the event of a material breach by us that remains uncured following the date that is 90 days after written notice of such breach or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is 30 days following written notice of such insolvency event. We may terminate the 2008 Baylor license agreement, or any portion thereof, at our sole discretion at any time upon 30 days written notice to Baylor. Upon termination of the 2008 Baylor license agreement, all rights to the intellectual property immediately revert to Baylor. 
 2010 Baylor License Agreement 
 Pursuant to an Exclusive License Agreement with Baylor, dated June 27, 2010, or the 2010 Baylor license agreement, we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain intellectual property, including intellectual property related to methods for treating prostate cancer, methods of administering T cells to a patient, and methods of activating antigen presenting cells with constructs comprising MyD88 and CD40. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the 2010 Baylor license agreement we are required to pay a low annual maintenance fee on each anniversary of the agreement date. 
 The terms of the 2010 Baylor license agreement also require us to make royalty payments of less than one percent, subject to certain annual minimums, on net sales of products covered by the license. In addition, to the extent we enter into a sublicensing agreement relating to a licensed product, we are required to pay Baylor a percentage in the mid-single digits on all non-royalty income received from sublicensing revenue. Bellicum is required to make milestone payments, of up to 735,000 in aggregate, upon successful completion of clinical and regulatory milestones regarding the first two products covered by this license. 
 The 2010 Baylor license agreement will expire upon expiration of the last patent contained in the licensed patent rights, on a country-by-country basis, upon which we will have a perpetual, paid-in-full license in such country. Baylor may terminate or modify the 2010 Baylor license agreement in the event of a material breach by us that remains uncured following the date that is 90 days after written notice of such breach or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is 30 days following written notice of such insolvency event. We may terminate the 2010 Baylor license agreement, or any portion thereof, at our sole discretion at any time upon 60 days written notice to Baylor. Upon termination of the 2010 Baylor license agreement for any reason prior to expiration, we must assign to Baylor each authorized sublicense agreement that is currently in effect on the date of termination. 
 2014 Baylor License Agreement 
 Pursuant to an Exclusive License Agreement with Baylor, effective November 1, 2014, or the 2014 Baylor license agreement, we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain intellectual property, including intellectual property related to methods for inducing selective apoptosis. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Baylor license agreement we are required to pay Baylor a low annual maintenance fee on each anniversary of the agreement date. The terms of the 2014 Baylor license agreement also require us to make royalty payments in the low single digits, subject to certain annual minimums, on net sales of products covered by the license. To the extent we enter into a sublicensing agreement relating to a licensed product, Bellicum is also required to pay Baylor a percentage in the low double-digits on all non-royalty income received from sublicensing revenue. We are required to make milestone payments, of up to 275,000 in aggregate, upon successful completion of clinical and regulatory milestones regarding the first product covered by this license. The 2014 Baylor license agreement will expire upon expiration of the last patent contained in the licensed patent rights, on a country-by-country basis, upon which we will have a perpetual, paid-in-full license in each such country. 
 Baylor may terminate or modify the 2014 Baylor license agreement in the event of a material breach by us that remains uncured following the date that is 90 days after written notice of such breach or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is 30 days following written notice of such insolvency event. We may terminate the 2014 Baylor license agreement, or any portion thereof, at our sole discretion at any time upon 60 days written notice to Baylor. 
 Competition 
 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense and dynamic competition to develop new technologies and proprietary therapies. We are not currently pursuing further clinical development of our product candidates. If we or a third party pursues such further development in the future, any product candidates that are successfully developed and commercialized will have to compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. While we believe that our proprietary CID platform, differentiated product candidates and scientific expertise in the field of cellular immunotherapy provide us with competitive advantages, we would face potential competition from various sources, including larger and better-funded pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as from academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. 
 
 Cell based treatments for cancer, such as CAR-T therapies, have recently been an area of significant research and development by academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies. We are not currently pursuing further clinical development of our product candidates. If we or a third party pursues such further development in the future, those product candidates would compete with product candidates from a number of companies that are currently focused on this therapeutic modality, including 2seventy bio, Inc., AbbVie, Inc., Adaptimmune, Alaunos Therapeutics, Inc., Allogene Therapeutics, Inc., Amgen Inc., Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Athenex, Inc., Autolus Therapeutics plc, BioNTech Europe GmbH, Bristol-Meyer Squibb Co., Cellectis SA, Celyad S.A., CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Fate Therapeutics Inc., Fortress Biotech, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Immatics N.V., ImmunityBio, Inc., Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutical, Legend Biotech, Lyell Immunopharma, Inc., Medigene AG, Mustang Bio, Inc., Novartis AG, Poseida Therapeutics, Precigen Inc., Precision Biosciences, Inc., Prescient Therapeutics, Sana Biotechnology, Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. In addition to other cell based treatments, our product candidates may compete in their solid tumor indications with novel therapeutics of other modalities, including small molecules, monoclonal antibodies, bi-specific antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, and targeted radionuclides. 
 Many of our competitors, either alone or with their strategic partners, have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources and significantly greater experience in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of treatments and commercializing those treatments. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful in obtaining approval for treatments and achieving widespread market acceptance. Our competitors treatments may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than any treatment we may commercialize and may render our treatments obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and commercializing any of our treatments. 
 Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 
 Should we or a third party commercialize our product candidates, they will face intense and increasing competition as new drugs enter the market and advanced technologies become available. Therapeutics compete on the basis of, among other things, efficacy, safety, convenience of administration and delivery, price, the level of generic competition and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payers. 
 The opportunity for our product candidates could be reduced or eliminated if third parties develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive. Third parties also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly, which could result in our competitors establishing a 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 strong market position before our product candidates are able to enter the market. In addition, we expect that our therapeutic products, if approved, will be priced at a significant premium over competitive generic products and the ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payers seeking to encourage the use of generic products. 
 Government Regulation and Product Approval 
 We are not currently pursuing further clinical development of our product candidates. If we or a third party pursues such further development in the future, those product candidates would subject to government regulation and product approval. 
 Our cell product candidates would be regulated as biologics. With this classification, commercial production of our product candidates would need to occur in registered and licensed facilities in compliance with the current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, for biologics. 
 The FDA regulates human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products, or HCT/Ps, under a two-tiered framework, based on risk categorization. Higher-risk HCT/Ps are regulated as biologics. For example, such products must complete extensive clinical trials, which must be conducted pursuant to an effective IND. The FDA must review and approve a Biologics License Application, or BLA before a new biologic may be marketed. 
 
 The FDA considers our investigational products to be combination products because our products involve a biologic, the engineered cells, that is intended to be used with a small molecule chemical drug, rimiducid. In general, biologics such as our engineered cells are regulated through the FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, or CBER, while synthetic drugs are regulated through the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. When the FDA encounters a combination product such as our products, the agency determines which of the two centers will have primary responsibility for regulating the product by determining the primary mode of action for the product. The cellular component of our combination contributes the primary mode of action and, as a result, the FDA will regulate our investigational products as biologics, through CBER. 
 Government authorities in the U.S., at the federal, state and local levels, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of biopharmaceutical products such as those we are developing. Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the U.S. and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before they may be legally marketed in foreign countries. Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the U.S., although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in Europe are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. 
 U.S. Product Development Process 
 In the U.S., the FDA regulates new drugs and biological products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and implementing regulations. Products are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before a biological product may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following: 
 
 a. completion of nonclinical laboratory tests and animal studies according to good laboratory practices, or GLPs, and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or other applicable regulations; 
 
 b. submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 
 
 c. performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA s regulations commonly referred to as good clinical practices, or GCPs, and any additional requirements for the protection of human research patients and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed biological product for its intended use; 
 
 d. submission to the FDA of a BLA for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity, and potency from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials; 
 
 e. satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biological product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s identity, strength, quality and purity and, if applicable, the FDA s current good tissue practices, or GTPs, for the use of HCT/Ps; 
 10 

Table of Contents 

f. potential FDA audit of the nonclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; and 
 
 g. FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the BLA. 
 Before testing any biological product candidate, including our product candidates, in humans, the product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests, also referred to as nonclinical studies, include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLPs. The clinical trial sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical trials and places the trial on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor must resolve FDA s outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a biological product candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, trials may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the biological product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA s regulations comprising the GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research patients provide informed consent. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an institutional review board, or IRB, at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is independent from the trial sponsor and is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of clinical trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Clinical trials also must be reviewed by an institutional biosafety committee, or IBC, a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees basic and clinical research conducted at that institution. The IBC assesses the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to public health or the environment. 
 Human clinical trials for biologic products are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 a. Phase 1. The biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. 
 b. Phase 2 . The biological product is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. 
 c. Phase 3 . Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, potency, and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk to benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. 
 Post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. 
 During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the progress of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events, any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human patients, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk, including risks inferred from other unrelated immunotherapy trials. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biological product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 Concurrently with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biological product, as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents with use of biological products, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biological product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 Federal law requires that we register all of our clinical trials on a publicly accessible website and provide results information for most of our clinical trials, other than Phase 1 clinical trials. 
 U.S. Review and Approval Processes 
 After the completion of clinical trials of a biological product, FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the biological product. The BLA must include results of product development, laboratory and animal studies, human trials, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of certain data or full or partial waivers. 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, each BLA must be accompanied by a significant user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. The PDUFA also imposes an annual program fee for approved biological products. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the application also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the BLA. The FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, potent, and/or effective for its intended use, and has an acceptable purity profile, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel biological products or biological products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the biological product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, is necessary to assure the safe use of the biological product. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve a BLA without a REMS, if required. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. For immunotherapy products, the FDA also will not approve the product if the manufacturer is not in compliance with the GTPs, to the extent applicable. These are FDA regulations and guidance documents that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of HCT/Ps. The primary intent of the GTP requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue-based products are manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, transmission and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also require HCT/P establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through screening and testing. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure that the clinical trials were conducted in compliance with IND trial requirements and GCP requirements. To maintain compliance with CGMPs, GTPs, and GCPs, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production, and quality control. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. If the agency decides not to approve the BLA in its present form, the FDA will issue a complete response letter that describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. 
 If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. 
 Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a REMS or other risk management plan, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may require post marketing clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, designed to further assess a biological product s safety and effectiveness, and testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. 
 In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. Unless otherwise required by regulation, the PREA does not apply to any product for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. However, if only one indication for a product has orphan designation, a pediatric assessment may still be required for any applications to market that same product for the non-orphan indication(s). Sponsors in satisfaction of this obligation may receive an additional six months of marketing exclusivity for all dosage forms and all indications with the same active moiety as the drug studied. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., or more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the U.S. a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the U.S. for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not shorten the duration of the regulatory review or approval process, but does provide certain advantages, such as a waiver of PDUFA fees, enhanced access to FDA staff, and potential waiver of the PREA requirements discussed above. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA application user fee. 
 A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the U.S. may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA has a Fast Track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs, or if the drug has been designated as a qualified infectious disease product. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Under Fast Track, the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. Even if Fast Track designation is granted, it may be rescinded if the product no longer meets the qualifying criteria. 
 Any product, submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with a Fast Track designation, may also be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for priority review if it treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety and efficacy. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product treats a serious condition, provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies, and demonstrates an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biological product receiving accelerated approval perform appropriate post-marketing clinical studies to verify and describe the predicted effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. The FDCA also provides expedited procedures for FDA withdrawal of approval of a product approved through accelerated approval. Fast Track designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 Breakthrough Therapy Designation is intended to expedite the development and review of products that treat serious or life-threatening conditions. The designation requires preliminary clinical evidence that may demonstrate substantial improvement on a clinically significant endpoint over available therapies. The designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance, organizational commitment, and other potential actions to expedite review. The Breakthrough Therapy Designation is a distinct status from both accelerated approval and priority review, which can also be granted to the same product if relevant criteria are met. If a product is designated as breakthrough therapy, the FDA will expedite the development and review of such product. Even if a Breakthrough Therapy Designation is granted, it may be rescinded if the product no longer meets the qualifying criteria. 
 Other U.S. Health Care Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 In the U.S., our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, such as the Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. For example, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs must comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the privacy provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, the sunshine provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively, the PPACA and similar state laws, each as amended. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for either the referral of an individual, or for the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal health care programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between biologic manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. 
 Additionally, the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the PPACA to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. The Anti-Kickback Statute may be violated if only one purpose of the remuneration is to induce referrals. In addition, the PPACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The civil monetary penalties law imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 
 The federal false claims laws, including but not limited to the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government. Pharmaceutical and other health care companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Companies also have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, that is, off-label, and thus non-reimbursable, uses. 
 HIPAA created additional new federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any health care benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. 
 Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 We may be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, imposes requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity, and their covered subcontractors. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with certain exceptions, to report annually information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and teaching hospitals and require that certain manufacturers and group purchasing organizations report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 We will also be required to begin satisfying the product tracing, verification, and reporting requirements set out in the Drug Supply Chain Security Act. 
 In order to distribute products commercially, we must also comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. 
 Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to, among other things, establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other health care entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 allegations of noncompliance with these laws, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the U.S. and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the U.S., third-party payors include federal and state health care programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 
 Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Union, or EU, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the U.S. has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on health care pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Health Reform 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we anticipate there will continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed healthcare reform measures with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by federal and state legislative initiatives, including those designed to limit the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, especially under government-funded healthcare programs, and increased governmental control of drug pricing. For example, the PPACA, which was enacted in March 2010, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Since its enactment, the PPACA has been subject to executive branch, judicial and Congressional challenges. For example, on June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the PPACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the PPACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. Moreover, payment methodologies may also be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. 
 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the PPACA was enacted. For example, through the process created by the Budget Control Act of 2011, there are automatic reductions of Medicare payments to 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 providers up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and, following passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, will remain in effect until 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers. 
 
 Further, there has been increasing legislative and executive branch interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries, Presidential executive orders and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to comply with accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Additional Regulation 
 In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservancy and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 13 employees, al l of whom were full-time, 11 of whom were engaged in research and development activities and 2 of whom were engaged in general and administrative activities. None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Our human capital objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve objectives. 
 The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our employees. Accordingly, we are committed to their health, safety and wellness. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage healthy behaviors; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. Over the last two years, we implemented several new policies to enhance the well-being and engagement of our employees, including an unlimited flexible time schedule, expanded parental leave, and enhanced support for remote work. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2004. Our principal executive office is located at 3730 Kirby Drive, Suite 1200, Houston, Texas and our telephone number is (281) 454-3424. Our corporate website address is www.bellicum.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, will be made available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this Annual Report and our reference to the URL for our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business and results of operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this report, and in our other public filings. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described when evaluating our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have incurred net losses from operations in every year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future. 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company, have no products approved for commercial sale and have incurred significant losses since our inception in 2004. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through equity and debt financings. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported a net loss of 25.0 million and 9.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 575.4 million. We expect to continue to incur significant losses from operations for the foreseeable future. 
 We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 Our activities to evaluate and pursue strategic alternatives may not result in any definitive transaction or enhance stockholder value. 
 Following the discontinuation of our Phase 1/2 clinical trials to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of our GoCAR-T cell product candidates (including BPX-601 and BPX-603) in combination with rimiducid in heavily pre-treated cancer patients, we have begun evaluating and exploring a variety of strategic alternatives focused on maximizing shareholder value, including, but not limited to, a merger, sale, or other business combination, a strategic partnership with one or more parties, or the licensing, sale or divestiture of our programs. Our ability to successfully execute on a strategic alternative is dependent on a number of factors and we may not be able to execute upon a transaction or other strategic alternative upon favorable terms within an advantageous timeframe and recognize significant value for these assets, if at all. Additionally, the negotiation and consummation of a transaction or other strategic alternative may be costly and time-consuming. Any executed strategic alternative may not result in anticipated savings or other economic benefits, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected, could make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and may disrupt our operations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The current market price of our common stock may reflect a market assumption that a strategic alternative will occur, and a failure to complete a strategic alternative could result in negative investor perceptions and could cause a decline in the market price of our common stock, which could adversely affect our ability to access the equity and financial markets, as well as our ability to explore and enter into different strategic alternatives. There can be no certainty that any strategic alternative will be completed, be on attractive terms, enhance stockholder value or deliver the anticipated benefits, and successful integration or execution of the strategic alternatives will be subject to additional risks. In addition, potential strategic alternatives that require stockholder approval may not be approved by our stockholders. If we do not successfully consummate a strategic alternative, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of our company. In such an event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily on the timing of such liquidation, the amount of cash that will need to be reserved for commitments and contingent liabilities, and the payment of the liquidation preference applicable to the Series 1 preferred stock. Depending on these factors, the amount available for distribution to our common stockholders could be as low as 0.00 and result in a total loss of investment to our stockholders. 
 Our product candidates may never receive regulatory approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 
 We are not currently pursuing further clinical development of our product candidates. If we or a third party pursues such further development in the future, those product candidates would require additional clinical and non-clinical development, regulatory review and approval in multiple jurisdictions, substantial investment, and access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before generating any revenue from product sales. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 The FDA or comparable regulatory authority or an IRB or comparable ethics oversight body may decline to clear the applicable Investigational New Drug Application (IND) or equivalent regulatory submission necessary to conduct human clinical trials; 
 failure to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates have the necessary safety, purity, and potency for any of their proposed indications; 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 
 failure to demonstrate that clinical and other benefits outweigh safety risks; 
 serious and unexpected adverse events during clinical trials that render the product candidates unsafe for use in humans; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of a BLA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in Europe, the U.S. or elsewhere; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes and/or facilities of third-party manufacturers; and 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering the clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 Our CID technology is novel and largely unproven. 
 Our proprietary CID technology platform is novel and there are no approved products or third-party product candidates in late-stage clinical trials based on this technology. Additionally, the safety and efficacy profile of rimiducid has not been subject to large scale clinical testing. Based on our Phase 1 results of BPX-601 and rimiducid, we believe further optimization of the clinical dose and schedule of GoCAR-T cells and rimiducid or further engineering of the CID platform may be needed to achieve favorable outcomes, which would require significant time and expense. In addition, our CID platform technology may not be applicable or effective in the development of additional cellular immunotherapies which would adversely affect its value. 
 Cell therapies are novel and present significant challenges. 
 CAR-T and other cell therapy product candidates represent a relatively new field of cellular immunotherapy. Advancing this novel and personalized therapy creates significant challenges, including: 
 obtaining regulatory approval, as the FDA and other regulatory authorities have limited experience with commercial development of cell therapies for cancer; 
 sourcing clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies for the materials used to manufacture and process our product candidates; 
 developing a consistent and reliable process, while limiting contamination risks, for engineering and manufacturing T cells ex vivo and infusing the engineered cells into the patient; 
 educating medical personnel regarding the potential safety benefits, as well as the challenges, of incorporating our product candidates into their treatment regimens; 
 establishing sales and marketing capabilities upon obtaining any regulatory approval to gain market acceptance of a novel therapy; and 
 the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors for our novel and personalized therapy. 
 Clinical trials may fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of any of our product candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Clinical testing is expensive, takes many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process and our product candidates are subject to the risks of failure inherent in biologic drug development. Success in early clinical trials does not mean that later clinical trials will be successful because product candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety or efficacy despite having progressed through initial clinical testing, even at statistically significant levels. If we, or a third party, wanted to continue the development of our product candidates, it would 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 require clinical trials results to show that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in the target indication before regulatory approvals for commercial sale. Companies frequently suffer significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials, even after earlier clinical trials have shown promising results and most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products. We expect there may be greater variability in results for cellular immunotherapy products processed and administered on a patient-by-patient basis like some of our CID technology-based development and product candidates than for off-the-shelf products, like many drugs. 
 Our current product candidates were recently in early stage clinical trials, and, if we, or an acquiror, reinitiates these trials and initiate additional clinical trials, they may experience unfavorable results in the future. 
 We have recently discontinued the Phase 1/2 clinical trial for BPX-601 for the treatment of prostate cancer, and the Phase 1/2 clinical trial for BPX-603 in HER2-positive solid tumors, following our assessment of the risk/benefit profile of BPX-601 in combination with rimiducid. We are communicating with clinical trial sites and regulatory agencies regarding our decision to discontinue our ongoing clinical trials, and have begun evaluating a variety of strategic and financing alternatives focused on maximizing shareholder value, including, but not limited to, a merger, sale, or other business combination, a strategic partnership with one or more parties, or the licensing, sale or divestiture of our programs. As these product candidates are in early stages of development, there is significant uncertainty regarding whether they will be effective and safe in human patients, and the results from preclinical studies, such as in vitro and in vivo studies, of BPX-601 and BPX-603 may not be indicative of the results of clinical trials of these product candidates. Additionally, the most recent patient treated in the Phase 1/2 trial of BPX-601 in mCRPC experienced serious immune-mediated adverse events including Grade 4 CRS, the second dose-limiting toxicity observed in this cohort of dose escalation. Preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for their products. 
 Even if clinical trials are successfully completed, the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities may not interpret the results as we do, and more clinical trials could be required before submission of our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of clinical trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, approval of our product candidates may be significantly delayed, or significant additional resources may be required to conduct additional clinical trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. 
 We have in the past and expect to, in the future, rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials. 
 While we are not currently conducting any clinical development and do not have plans to initiate any additional clinical trials, we have in the past and would expect to, in the future, depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as universities, medical institutions, and strategic partners to conduct preclinical and clinical trials under agreements with us. Negotiations of budgets and contracts with study sites may result in delays to development timelines and increased costs. We would expect to rely heavily on these third parties over the course of clinical trials, and would control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we would be responsible for ensuring that each study is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and reliance on third parties would not relieve us of regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties would be required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or any of these third parties failed to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. It is possible that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities could determine that any of our clinical trials fail to comply with the GCP regulations. In addition, any future clinical trials with our product candidates would be required to be conducted with biologic product produced under current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and will require a large number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 Any third parties conducting our clinical trials are and will not be our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with these third parties, we cannot control whether they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical, clinical and nonclinical programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, the clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our product candidates. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Switching or adding third parties to conduct clinical trials involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. 
 There may be difficulties enrolling patients in future clinical trials of our product candidates, resulting in clinical development delays. 
 While we are not currently conducting any clinical trials and do currently have plans to initiate any further clinical trials in the future, should our product candidates be acquired and developed by others, there may be difficulties in patient enrollment in clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on the ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 
 the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 
 the proximity of patients to study sites; 
 the design of the clinical trial; 
 the ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
 the ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the clinical trials before completion; and 
 competing clinical trials and approved therapies available for patients. 
 In particular, some of future clinical trials could look to enroll patients with characteristics which are found in a very small population, for example, patients with rare cancers with specific attributes that are targeted with our product candidates. If we, or a third party, wanted to continue the development of our product candidates, any future clinical trials will compete with other companies clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in the clinical trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by a competitor. Further, since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect future clinical trials could be conducted at the same clinical trial sites that competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available at these clinical trial sites. Moreover, because our CAR-T therapies represent a departure from more commonly used methods for cancer treatment, potential patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional therapies, such as chemotherapy and antibody therapy, rather than enroll patients in any future clinical trials for our product candidates. Patients may also be unwilling to participate in clinical trials because of negative publicity from adverse events in the biotechnology or gene therapy industries. 
 Any adverse developments that occur during any clinical trials conducted by academic investigators, our collaborators or other entities conducting clinical trials under independent INDs may affect the value of our CID platform. 
 Rimiducid and CaspaCIDe-containing cell therapy constructs are being used by third parties in clinical trials which are completely independent of our previous development programs.. If serious adverse events occur during these or any other clinical trials using our product candidates, the FDA and other regulatory authorities may delay, limit or deny approval of our product candidate or require additional clinical trials as a condition to marketing approval. If a product candidate receives regulatory approval and a new and serious safety issue is identified in clinical trials conducted by third parties, the applicable regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product or otherwise restrict our ability to market and sell the product. In addition, treating physicians may be less willing to administer a product due to concerns over such adverse events. 
 Adverse side effects or other safety risks associated with our product candidates have caused us to discontinue our clinical trials and could, if we, or an acquiror, pursues clinical development in the future, cause a suspension or discontinuance of future 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 clinical trials, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 Adoptive cell therapy with autologous T cells is associated with a range of potentially severe immune-mediated adverse effects. In third party clinical trials involving CAR-T cells, the most prominent acute toxicities included symptoms thought to be associated with the release of cytokines, such as fever, low blood pressure and kidney dysfunction. Some patients also experienced toxicity of the central nervous system, such as confusion, cranial nerve dysfunction and speech impairment. Adverse side effects attributed to CAR-T cells were severe and life-threatening in some patients. The life-threatening events were related to kidney dysfunction and toxicities of the central nervous system. Severe and life-threatening toxicities occurred primarily in the first two weeks after cell infusion and generally resolved within three weeks. In the past, patients have also died in clinical trials by others involving CAR-T cells. 
 Undesirable side effects observed in our clinical trials, whether or not they are caused by our product candidates, have resulted in, and could, in the future, result in the delay, suspension or termination of clinical trials for our product candidates, the FDA or other regulatory authorities for a number of reasons. In addition, because the patients in clinical trials involving CAR-T cells are typically suffering from life-threatening diseases, are often suffering from multiple complicating conditions and are in a position of extreme immune deficiency at the time that they receive therapy, it may be difficult to accurately assess the relationship between our product candidates and adverse events experienced by very ill patients. Serious adverse events observed in clinical trials could hinder or prevent market acceptance of the product candidate at issue. 
 Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. 
 Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. Because our product candidates are based on relatively new technology, we expect that they will require extensive research and development and have substantial manufacturing and processing costs. Costs to treat patients with relapsed/refractory cancer and to treat potential side effects that may result from therapies such as our current and future product candidates can be significant. Accordingly, clinical trial costs for our product candidates are likely to be significantly higher than for more conventional therapeutic technologies or drug products. In addition, our proposed product candidates involve several complex and costly manufacturing and processing steps, the costs of which will be borne by us. 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. Workforce and expense reductions may have an adverse impact on our business, our ability to retain key personnel and may be distracting to management. 
 Our ability to pursue and complete strategic transactions and/or an orderly wind-down of the Company depends on our ability to retain key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer. We currently employ a small number of employees and are highly dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key employees could substantially harm our business prospects. 
 Furthermore, we may identify deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting due in part to our limited staffing and resources. If we are unable to maintain effective controls over financial reporting, it is possible that a misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have implemented and continue to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting, including the retention of accounting consultants to assist in areas of complex accounting and financial reporting. However, if we are unsuccessful in maintaining the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be harmed, which could result in, among other things, restatements of our financial statements, failure to comply with SEC requirements, loss of investor confidence in our financial reporting, and a decline in our stock price. 
 Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, any employee may terminate their employment with us on short notice. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. 
 The terms of our 2019 private placement of equity restrict our operating and financial flexibility, and give priority to certain investors, both of which could significantly harm our liquidity, financial condition, operating results, business and prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 In August 2019, we entered into an agreement with certain institutional investors providing for a private placement. Pursuant to the terms of the 2019 securities purchase agreement for the private placement transaction, the investors in the private placement transaction have consent rights over certain significant matters of our business. These include decisions to authorize or issue equity securities that are senior or pari passu to the Series 1 preferred stock with respect to liquidation preference, the occurrence of indebtedness in excess of 1,000,000, the sale or license of certain of our technology and the payment of dividends. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will have significant influence over certain matters affecting our business. The investors in the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 private placement may not consent to us seeking additional funds through debt or other equity financings or the sale or license of our technology. Further, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, winding up or deemed liquidation, holders of the Series 1 preferred will receive a payment equal to the per share purchase price of their Series 1 preferred stock before any proceeds are distributed to the holders of common stock and this will likely mean that there is little to no consideration available for distribution to the holders of common stock in the case of a strategic transaction or the liquidation of the Company. In addition, any potential investors in the Company or potential strategic partners or acquirers may decline to invest in, or acquire, the Company because of the preferential rights granted under the private placement agreement. Each of these factors could negatively impact our liquidity, financial condition, operating results, business and prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results. Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates. 
 Specifically, genetically engineering T cells is a competitive endeavor. Multiple companies are engaged in the engineering of T cells, including (but not limited to): 2seventy bio, Inc., Adaptimmune, Alaunos Therapeutics, Inc., Allogene Therapeutics, Inc., Amgen Inc., Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Athenex, Inc., Autolus Therapeutics plc, BioNTech Europe GmbH, Bristol-Meyer Squibb Co., Cellectis SA, Celyad S.A., CRISPR Therapeutics, Fate Therapeutics Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Immatics N.V., ImmunityBio, Inc., Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutical, Legend Biotech, Lyell Immunopharma, Inc., Medigene AG, Mustang Bio, Inc., Novartis AG, Obsidian Therapeutics, Poseida Therapeutics, Precigen Inc., Precision Biosciences, Inc., Sana Biotechnology, Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. 
 In addition to other cell based treatments, our product candidates may compete in their solid tumor indications with novel therapeutics of other modalities, including small molecules, monoclonal antibodies, bi-specific antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, and targeted radionuclides. For additional information regarding our competition, see Item 1. Business Competition under Part I of our Annual Report. 
 Our cellular therapy product candidates, viral vectors and small molecule drugs involve a complex manufacturing supply chain. 
 Because of the complex nature of our cell therapy products, the manufacture of multiple components therein requires a diverse knowledge base and appropriate manufacturing personnel. The supply chain for these components is separate and distinct, and no single manufacturer can supply more than one component of each of our products. Additionally, it is likely that the cell therapy products will need to be made within an appropriate geographic location for the area in which the products will be utilized, so one cell therapy manufacturing facility may not be able to supply diverse geographic areas. 
 BPX-601 and BPX-603 are manufactured on a patient-by-patient basis using each patient s own cells. Efficient manufacturing of these products relies upon our ability to sufficiently expand and activate the cells of patients who have undergone multiple lines of prior therapy, often including immunosuppressive chemotherapy. Rimiducid, the small molecule drug used to activate both our iMC and iC9 switches, is a complex molecule to synthesize and is relatively insoluble and lipophilic, rendering it difficult to formulate. We have limited internal expertise in small molecule drug development and manufacturing, and we have identified specialty contract manufacturers to produce the rimiducid drug substance and drug product. It is uncertain whether the drug substance and drug product manufacturers will be able to manufacture sufficient quantity and quality of rimiducid to conduct the necessary non-clinical and clinical trials. These specialty contract manufacturers also may not be capable of supplying commercial product if rimiducid is approved by health authorities. 
 Cell-based therapies rely on the availability of specialty raw materials, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Gene-modified cell therapy manufacture requires many specialty raw materials, some of which are manufactured by small companies with limited resources and experience to support a commercial product. Some suppliers typically support biomedical researchers or blood-based hospital businesses and may not have the capacity to support commercial products manufactured under cGMP by biopharmaceutical firms. The suppliers may be ill-equipped to support the manufacturing of our product candidates, 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 especially in non-routine circumstances like an FDA inspection or medical crisis, such as widespread contamination. We also do not have commercial supply arrangements with many of these suppliers and may not be able to contract with them on acceptable terms or at all. 
 In addition, some raw materials are currently available from a single supplier, or a small number of suppliers. We cannot be sure that these suppliers will remain in business, or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors or another company that is not interested in continuing to produce these materials for our intended purpose. 
 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Because we rely on third parties to manufacture our drug substance and product, and because we collaborate with various organizations and academic institutions on the advancement of our technology platform, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, such as trade secrets. Despite these contractual provisions, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We and our contractors utilized hazardous materials in our business operations, and any claims relating to improper handling, storage, or disposal of these materials could harm our business. 
 Our activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials, by our third-party manufacturers. Our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the U.S. governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials, and similar laws in other geographic regions. Although we believe that our manufacturers procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our clinical investigators, contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. While we have not experienced any such material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our business operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 System outages, network disruptions and cyber-security threats could interrupt the operation of our business. 
 We are dependent on the use of information technology systems for our operations. Outages, disruptions and threats could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct operations. Cyber-security threats, such as malware, phishing and network attacks, are on the rise. These attacks can affect the availability of our information technology systems, including their data, as well as the confidentiality and integrity of these systems. A security breach poses a risk to confidential data, including but not limited to intellectual property and trade secrets resulting in financial, legal or reputational harm to us. Insider threats may exist if an individual authorized to access our technology systems improperly discloses sensitive data to unauthorized persons or the public. We also have outsourced elements of our operations, including elements of our information technology infrastructure, and thus manage several independent vendor relationships with third parties who may have access to our confidential information. Confidentiality agreements are in place for authorized users and third parties to support the prevention of confidential information being improperly disclosed. We have policies and procedures in place, including controls around the access and activity of authorized users, active system monitoring, back-up and recovery, information technology security and mandatory annual information technology security awareness training to assist in the prevention and mitigation of an outage, disruption or threat. In addition, we have invested in high availability, redundant technologies that will reduce the risk of an outage, disruption or threat. However, our efforts may not prevent an outage, disruption or threat that would materially adversely affect us. We also may not have sufficient liability insurance, either type or amount, to cover us against claims related to a cyber-security threat. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our operations, and those of our contractors and consultants, could be subject to power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the laws of the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies; provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the U.S. and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws, or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the U.S., our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. These laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with principal investigators and research patients, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
 federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties law, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information and their covered subcontractors, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization; 
 the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the HHS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physicians assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, as well as require certain manufacturers and group purchasing organizations to report annually ownership and investment interests held by such physicians and their immediate family members; 
 federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 
 foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by or are in conflict with HIPAA. For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or the EU GDPR, became effective on May 25, 2018. Further, as a consequence of the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union (known as Brexit ), the United Kingdom has implemented a legislation similar to the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, including the UK Data Protection Act. The EU and UK GDPR impose privacy and security obligations on any entity that collects and/or processes health data from individuals located in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. Under the EU and UK GDPR, fines of up to 20 million euros (17.5 million British Pounds under the UK GDPR) or up to 4 of the annual global turnover of the infringer, whichever is greater, could be imposed for significant non-compliance. As well as complicating our compliance efforts, non-compliance with these laws could result in penalties or significant legal liability. The EU and UK GDPR include more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal data and create additional rights for data subjects. 
 Additionally, we are subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the U.S. healthcare laws described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of the payor. 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the U.S. will also subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the prior clinical testing of our product candidates. We may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing or manufacturing. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims and we may incur substantial liabilities. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, federal or state liability claims may result in: 
 injury to our reputation; 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 substantial monetary awards to clinical trial participants or patients; 
 exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; and 
 a decline in our share price. 
 We currently carry product liability insurance covering our clinical trials, with other coverage limits as appropriate for certain foreign jurisdictions. Although we maintain such insurance, our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 499.0 million, and aggregate U.S. federal and Texas state research and development credits of approximately 14.0 million and 5.1 million, respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards generated in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, may be carried forward only 20 years to offset future taxable income, if any. Under current U.S. federal income tax law, U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, can be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating loss carryforwards is limited to 80 of current year taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal law. 
 
 In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We may have experienced one or more ownership changes in the past, including with respect to our August 2019 public offering, and we may also experience additional ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. 
 Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of existing, new and proposed tax laws and regulations could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. 
 
 The tax regimes to which we are subject or under which we operate are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. The issuance of additional guidance related to existing or future tax laws, or changes to tax laws or regulations proposed or implemented by the current or a future U.S. presidential administration, Congress, or taxing authorities in other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside of the United States, could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, our suppliers, manufacturers, or our customers, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions depends on the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities, tax rates, new or revised tax laws, or interpretations of tax laws and policies, and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for pricing intercompany transactions pursuant to our intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. Similarly, a taxing authority could assert that we are subject to tax in a jurisdiction where we believe we have not established a taxable connection, often referred to as a permanent establishment under international tax treaties, and such an assertion, if successful, could increase our expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. In addition, beginning in 2022, taxpayers are required to capitalize and amortize certain research and development expenditures over five years if incurred in the United States and fifteen years if incurred in foreign jurisdictions, rather than deducting them currently. Although there have been legislative proposals to repeal or defer the capitalization requirement to later years, there can be no assurance that the provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 The regulatory approval process is lengthy and time-consuming. 
 We have not previously submitted a BLA to the FDA, or similar approval filings to other foreign authorities. A BLA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate s safety, purity and potency for each desired indication. It must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product. We expect the novel nature of our product candidates to create further challenges in obtaining regulatory approval. For example, FDA s Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies, or OTAT, has limited experience with combination products that include a small molecule component. Approval of GoCAR-T product candidates, will likely require this FDA office to consult with other divisions of the FDA, which may result in further challenges in obtaining regulatory approval, including in developing final product labeling. The regulatory approval pathway for our product candidates may be uncertain, complex, expensive and lengthy, and approval may not be obtained. 
 There will also be delays in completing the clinical development of our product candidates if physicians encounter unresolved ethical issues associated with enrolling patients in clinical trials of our product candidates in lieu of prescribing existing treatments that have established safety and efficacy profiles. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs for the institutions in which such clinical trials are being conducted, or recommended for termination by the Data Monitoring Committee for such clinical trial, or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or clinical trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. The termination of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, will harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. In addition, any delays in completing clinical trials will increase costs, slow down product development and approval process and jeopardize the ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
 Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 Even if our product candidates receive regulatory approval, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review. 
 Any regulatory approvals received for our product candidates will require surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require a REMS in order to approve our product candidates, which could entail requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our product candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include, among other things, submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that are conducted post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our product candidates, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 
 fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 
 suspension or termination of manufacturing at one or more manufacturing facilities; 
 product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the U.S. or abroad. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign legislative changes may also affect the ability to commercialize our product candidates. Effective as of May 25, 2018, the GDPR imposes privacy and security obligations on any entity that collects and/or processes personal information from individuals located in the EU. Under the GDPR, fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 of the annual global turnover of the infringer, whichever is greater, could be imposed for significant non-compliance. 
 Even if our product candidates obtain regulatory approval, the products may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, third-party payors and others in the medical community. 
 The use of engineered T cells as potential cancer treatments is a recent development and may not become broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, third-party payors and others in the medical community. Many factors will influence whether our product candidates are accepted in the market, including: 
 the clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; 
 physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and patients considering our product candidates as a safe and effective treatment; 
 the potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 
 product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
 limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
 the extent and quality of the clinical evidence supporting the efficacy and safety of our product candidates; 
 the timing of market introduction of our product candidates as well as competitive products; 
 the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; 
 the pricing of our product candidates and the availability of adequate reimbursement by third-party payors and government authorities; 
 the willingness and ability of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage by third-party payors, including government authorities; 
 relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; 
 confusion or lack of understanding regarding the effects of rimiducid and the timing and size of dosing of rimiducid after immune cell therapy; and 
 the effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts. 
 In addition, although our product candidates are not utilizing embryonic stem cells or replication competent vectors, adverse publicity due to the ethical and social controversies surrounding the therapeutic use of such technologies, and reported side effects from any clinical trials using these technologies or the failure of such clinical trials to demonstrate that these therapies are safe and effective may limit market acceptance our product candidates. 
 Even if our products achieve market acceptance, they may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete. 
 Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates. 
 Market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend in large part on global reimbursement policies and may be affected by future healthcare reform measures, both in the United States and other key international markets. Patients who are prescribed medicine for the treatment of their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products. Therefore, successful commercialization of our products will depend in part on the availability of governmental and third-party payor reimbursement for the cost of our product candidates and/or payment to the physician for administering our product candidates. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular medical product or service does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service, or to 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process will require scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that adequate coverage and reimbursement will be obtained. Further, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a medical product or service does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. The market for our product candidates will depend significantly on access to third-party payors formularies or lists of treatments for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. Third party payors may also have difficulty in determining the appropriate coverage of our product candidates, if approved, due to the fact that they are combination products that include a small molecule drug, rimiducid. 
 Third-party payors establish coverage and reimbursement policies for new products, including our product candidates. In particular, in the United States, private health insurers and other third-party payors often provide reimbursement for treatments based on the level at which the government (through the Medicare or Medicaid programs) provides reimbursement for such treatments. In the United States, the European Economic Area, or EEA. and other significant or potentially significant markets for our product candidate, government authorities and third-party payors are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services, particularly for new and innovative products and therapies, which has resulted in lower average selling prices. Further, the increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the United States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in Canada and the EEA will put additional pressure on product pricing, coverage, reimbursement and utilization. These pressures can arise from policies and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and healthcare reform, coverage and reimbursement policies and pricing in general. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 
 In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the PPACA, became law in the United States. PPACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and significantly affects the pharmaceutical industry. 
 There have been executive judicial and Congressional challenges to other aspects of the PPACA. Concurrently, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the PPACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, several bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the PPACA have been signed into law. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or Tax Act, includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the PPACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the PPACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the PPACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and any additional healthcare reform measures will impact the PPACA. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the PPACA was enacted. For example, through the process created by the Budget Control Act of 2011, there are automatic reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and, following passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, will remain in effect until 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Further, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries and proposed federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect that additional federal and state healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could result in reduced demand for our products. 
 We expect that additional federal and state healthcare reform measures, such as further amendments and changes to the PPACA will be adopted in the future, any of which could result in reduced demand for our products. 
 Due to the novel nature of our technology and the small size of the target patient populations, there is significant uncertainty related to pricing and reimbursement for these product candidates. 
 The target patient populations for our potential product candidates are relatively small, as a result, the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved, must be adequate to support commercial and manufacturing infrastructure. Obtaining adequate levels of reimbursement will impact the ability to successfully market and sell our product candidates. The manner and level at which reimbursement is provided for services related to our product candidates, for example, reimbursement for administration of our product candidates to patients, is also important. Inadequate reimbursement for such services may lead to physician resistance and adversely affect the ability to market or sell our products. 
 We are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to data privacy, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations governing data privacy and the protection of personal information. These laws and regulations govern our processing of personal data, including the collection, access, use, analysis, modification, storage, transfer, security breach notification, destruction and disposal of personal data. There are foreign and state law versions of these laws and regulations to which we are currently and/or may in the future, be subject. For example, the collection and use of personal health data in the EU is governed by the GDPR. The GDPR, which is wide-ranging in scope, imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification and the use of third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to the United States, provides an enforcement authority and imposes large monetary penalties for noncompliance. The GDPR requirements apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information within our company, including employee information. The GDPR and similar data privacy laws of other jurisdictions place significant responsibilities on us and create potential liability in relation to personal data that we or our third-party service providers process, including in clinical trials conducted in the United States and EU. In addition, we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection in the United States, the EU and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. 
 Additionally, California recently enacted legislation that has been dubbed the first GDPR-like law in the United States. Known as the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, it creates new individual privacy rights for consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. As of January 1, 2020, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, and allow for a new cause of action for data breaches. As currently written, the CCPA will likely impact (possibly significantly) our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to not only cyber threats but also the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations, or collectively, Trade Laws. We can face serious consequences for violations. 
 Among other matters, Trade Laws prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors, and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase in time. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents, or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the United States, to sell our products abroad once we enter a commercialization phase, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. We license from Baylor College of Medicine, or Baylor, certain intellectual property related to methods for activating antigen presenting cells, to certain genetic constructs and to certain methods for inducing apoptosis. Baylor may terminate or modify our licenses in the event of a material breach by us that remains uncured following the date that is 90 days after written notice of such breach or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is 30 days following written notice of such insolvency event. In addition, we have funded certain of our clinical development activities and may fund certain of our future clinical development with funds from the State of Texas. The State of Texas may have rights to commercialize the results of those clinical trials if it determines that we have failed, after notice and an opportunity to cure, to use diligent and commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize or otherwise bring to practical application the results of the funded clinical trials. We are also dependent on our license agreements with BioVec Pharma Inc. with respect to making retrovirus for all of our programs. 
 Any termination of these agreements, or other agreements to which we are a party could result in the loss of significant rights. 
 Disputes may also arise between us and our licensors and other partners regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 
 our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. 
 If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms. We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license, as we are for intellectual property that we own. 
 Our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of our technologies may not be adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
 Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements. Certain intellectual property which is covered by our in-license agreements has been developed at academic institutions which have retained non-commercial rights to such intellectual property. 
 There are several pending U.S. and foreign patent applications in our portfolio, and we anticipate additional patent applications will be filed both in the U.S. and in other countries, as appropriate. However, we cannot predict: 
 if and when patents will issue; 
 the degree and range of protection any issued patents will afford us against competitors including whether third parties will find ways to invalidate or otherwise circumvent our patents; 
 whether or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications; or 
 whether we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings which may be costly whether we win or lose. 
 Composition of matter patents for biological and pharmaceutical products are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property. We cannot be certain that the claims in our pending patent applications directed to compositions of matter for our product candidates will be considered patentable by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, or by patent offices in foreign countries, or that the claims in any of our issued patents will be considered valid by courts in the U.S. or foreign countries. Method of use patents have claims directed to the use of a product for the specified method. This type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to our product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products off-label. Although off-label prescriptions may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method of use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. 
 The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the U.S. or in other foreign countries. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, patents in our portfolio may not adequately exclude third parties from practicing relevant technology or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of our intellectual property position with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. Since patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, it is possible that patent applications in our portfolio may not be the first filed patent applications related to our product candidates. Furthermore, for U.S. applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third-party or instituted by the USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. For U.S. applications containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, there is a greater level of uncertainty in the patent law with the passage of the America Invents Act (2012) which brings into effect significant changes to the U.S. patent laws that are yet untried and untested, and which introduces new procedures for challenging pending patent applications and issued patents. A primary change under this reform is creating a first to file system in the U.S. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. 
 We rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information, or technology that is not covered by patents. We require all of our employees to assign their inventions to us, and require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements; however, it is possible that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information could be disclosed or that competitors may otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries do not 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the U.S. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the U.S. and abroad. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay the further discovery and development of our product candidates. 
 There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Recently, under U.S. patent reform, new procedures including inter parties review and post grant review have been implemented. As stated above, this reform is untried and untested and will bring uncertainty to the possibility of challenge to our patents in the future. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents, of which we are currently unaware or have not sufficiently analyzed with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our, or an acquiror s, ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate without a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our, or an acquiror s, ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. It is possible that any such license would not be available at all or on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we, or an acquiror, would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 For example, we are aware of a third-party patent having claims directed to chimeric DNA comprising DNA segments encoding (1) a single chain antibody domain and (2) transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of an endogenous protein. Even though we have reason to believe that our product candidates are not covered by claims of this patent, an owner or licensee of the patent still might bring a patent infringement suit against us. If the patent is asserted against us, we may not prevail in defending against claims of infringement and/or challenging the validity of claims in the patent. We may not successfully develop alternative technologies or enter into an agreement by which we obtain rights to the patent. These rights, if necessary, may not be available on terms acceptable to us. 
 We are aware of third-party patents having claims that may be considered as being directed to single-chain antibody fragments that bind to PSCA and these patents may be considered relevant to BPX-601 and related technologies we are developing. We currently are evaluating whether or not we need to obtain rights to these patents under a license, and if it is determined that we need to obtain such rights, whether these rights can be obtained. We are also aware of third-party patent applications having claims that may be considered as being directed to cellular therapy constructs utilizing a heterodimer domain for activation of caspase 9. We are monitoring these applications and if they are granted with the claims as drafted, they may be relevant to our potential dual-switch product candidates containing such a heterodimer activation domain, and in such instances, we have sought, and will continue to seek, measures to protect our intellectual property. However, if disputes related to intellectual property relevant to our product candidates arise, we may not be able to resolve such disputes in a satisfactory manner. 
 Also, while we are aware there are other third-party patents having claims that may be considered relevant to technologies for which we are seeking, or plan to seek, regulatory approval, we believe those patents have a patent term that may expire prior to the time we expect to obtain regulatory approval for these technologies. The estimated expiration dates for those patents were determined according to information on the face pages of the patents, and certain factors that could influence patent term, such as patent term adjustment and patent term extension, for example, were not factored into these estimates. Accordingly, the estimated expiration dates of those patents may not be accurate and one or more of those patents may not expire before we obtain regulatory approval for an applicable technology. Owners or licensees of one or more of those patents may bring a patent infringement suit 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 against us. If one or more of those patents are asserted against us, we may be able to assert a defense for a safe harbor to patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. 271(e)(1) if certain requirements are met. It is possible that (1) certain of these requirements may not be met, and/or (2) one or more of the third-party patents might expire after one or more of our technologies obtain regulatory approval, and consequently we may not successfully assert such a defense to patent infringement. If we are unsuccessful in asserting a defense under 35 U.S.C. 271(e)(1), it is possible we may not prevail in defending against claims of infringement and/or challenging the validity of claims in those patents. We may not successfully develop alternative technologies or enter into agreements by which we obtain rights to applicable patents. These rights, if necessary, may not be available on terms acceptable to us. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits or other proceedings to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. It also is possible that a competitor we sue for patent infringement could countersue us for allegedly infringing one or more of their own patents or one or more patents they licensed from another entity. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. It also is possible that third parties could institute a patent office post-grant proceeding against one or more of our patents, or one or more patents licensed to us, such as a post grant review proceeding, inter parties review proceeding or reexamination proceeding at the USPTO, or an opposition proceeding in a jurisdiction outside the U.S. An unfavorable outcome in a post-grant proceeding could result in a loss of our patent rights. Litigation, interference proceedings or patent office post-grant proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We also may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patents depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent position could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. Such noncompliance events are outside of our direct control for (1) non-U.S. patents and patent applications owned by us, and (2) patents and patent applications licensed to us by another entity. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO. 
 If we or one of our licensing partners initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the U.S. or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, for example, opposition proceedings. Any such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art and that prior art that was cited during prosecution, but not relied on by the patent examiner, will not be revisited. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patents directed to our product candidates. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the U.S. has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. For example, in the recent case, Assoc. for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc., the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain claims to DNA molecules are not patentable. While we do not believe that any of the patents owned or licensed by us will be found invalid based on this decision, we cannot predict how future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. 
 We have limited foreign intellectual property rights and may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We have limited intellectual property rights outside the U.S. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property to the same extent as federal and state laws in the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patents to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patents, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly China and certain other developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. To date, we have not sought to enforce any issued patents in these foreign jurisdictions. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries. Furthermore, generic drug manufacturers or other competitors may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of our or our licensors patents, requiring us or our licensors to engage in complex, lengthy and costly litigation or other proceedings. Certain countries in Europe and developing countries, including China and India, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries, we and our licensors may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we or our licensors are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. 
 We have received confidential and proprietary information from third parties. In addition, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed confidential information of these third parties or our employees former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and employees. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 If we fail to satisfy applicable listing standards, our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 Our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock could be adversely affected if we are delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market or if we are unable to transfer our listing to another stock market. 
 The continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market include minimums for market value of listed securities, closing prices and stockholders equity, and currently we are below the minimum requirements. If our common stock is delisted by Nasdaq, it could lead to a number of negative implications, including an adverse effect on the price of our common stock, increased volatility in our common stock, reduced liquidity in our common stock, the loss of federal preemption of state securities laws and greater difficulty in obtaining financing. 
 In addition, delisting of our common stock could deter broker-dealers from making a market in or otherwise seeking or generating interest in our common stock, could result in a loss of current or future coverage by certain sell-side analysts and might deter certain institutions and persons from investing in our securities at all. Delisting could also cause a loss of confidence of our customers, collaborators, vendors, suppliers and employees, which could harm our business and future prospects. 
 If our common stock is delisted by Nasdaq, the price of our common stock may decline, and although our common stock may be eligible to trade on the OTC Bulletin Board, another over-the-counter quotation system, or on the pink sheets, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of their common stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. Further, if we are delisted, we would incur additional costs under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of our shareholders to sell our common stock in the secondary market. 
 The price of our stock is volatile and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including market conditions in general and a limited trading volume for our shares. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in our Annual Report, these factors include: 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 introduction of new products or services offered by us or our competitors; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
 our cash position; 
 our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry, or immunotherapy in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 
 trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in accounting practices; 
 ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 
 disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
 general political and economic conditions; and 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business. 
 Certain investors in the 2019 private placement will have the ability to control or significantly influence certain business decisions. 
 The terms of our 2019 private placement restrict our operating and financial flexibility, and give priority to certain investors, both of which could significantly harm our liquidity, financial condition, operating results, business and prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock, so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 Our principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our stock and can exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates beneficially own a significant portion of our voting stock, including shares subject to outstanding options. As a result, if these shareholders were to choose to act together, they would have the ability to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to significantly influence elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 Changes in accounting rules, assumptions and/or judgments could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Accounting rules and interpretations for certain aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant assumptions and judgment. These complexities could lead to a delay in the preparation and dissemination of our financial statements. Furthermore, changes in accounting rules and interpretations or in our accounting assumptions and/or judgments, such as asset impairments, could significantly impact our financial statements. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our consolidated financial statements, including our liabilities and statements of operations are subject to quarterly changes in our accounting of our outstanding Series 1 Preferred Stock and related warrants. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities , and ASC Topic 480, Liabilities-Distinguishing from Equity , convertible preferred shares are accounted for as temporary equity and warrants are accounted for as liabilities at their fair value during periods where they can be net cash settled in case of a change in control transaction. The warrants are accounted for as a liability at their fair value at each reporting period. The value of the derivative warrant liability is re-measured at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. To derive an estimate of the fair value of these warrants, the binomial model is utilized, adjusted for the effect of dilution, which embodies all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility, estimated terms, dilution and risk-free rates) necessary to determine the fair value of these instruments. This process requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. As a result, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, such as the trading value of our common stock and certain assumptions, which are outside of our control. Consequently, our liabilities and consolidated statements of operations may vary quarterly, based on factors other than our revenues and expenses. The liabilities and accounting line items associated with our derivative securities on our balance sheet and statement of operations are non-cash items, and the inclusion of such items in our financial statements may materially affect the outcome of our quarterly and annual results, even though such items are non-cash and do not affect the cash we have available for operations. Investors should take such derivative accounting matters and other non-cash items into account when comparing our quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year operating results and financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Certain holders of our outstanding shares of common stock, are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Any sales of these shares by such stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 We register on Form S-8 all shares of common stock that are issuable under our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or the EIP. As a consequence, these shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. 
 We completed a public offering of our Series 1 preferred stock on August 21, 2019, and if we are required to redeem shares of preferred stock, our cash position will be negatively impacted. In addition, we may not have sufficient funds to redeem such shares of preferred stock. 
 We issued 575,000 shares of Series 1 preferred stock in connection with our August 2019 public offering. Subject to the terms of our certificate of incorporation, at any time on or after August 21, 2024, some or all of our outstanding shares of preferred stock will be redeemable at the option of the holder at a redemption price of 100.00 per share of Series 1, upon delivery of an irrevocable written notice to us. If a holder of preferred stock requests redemption we will be required to redeem such shares of preferred stock. However, we may be unable to redeem such preferred stock if restrictions under applicable law or contractual obligations prohibit such redemption. For example, Delaware law provides that a redemption on capital stock may only be paid from surplus or, if there is no surplus, from a corporation s net profits for the then-current or the preceding fiscal year. Unless we operate profitably, our ability to redeem the preferred stock would require the availability of adequate surplus, which is defined as the excess, if any, of our net assets (total assets less total liabilities) over our capital. To date, we have operated at a loss. Accordingly, if we do not have sufficient surplus under Delaware law, we would be unable to effect such redemption. If we do have sufficient surplus to effect such redemption, our available cash will be negatively impacted. In addition, such reduction in our available cash could decrease the trading price of our common stock, and, accordingly, the preferred stock and our warrants. 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 
 a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 
 a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; 
 a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 
 the authority of the board of directors to issue convertible preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which convertible preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 
 In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

ITEM 2. Properties 
 During 2021, the Company exited its Houston and South San Francisco office facilities and the leases were terminated. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no physical properties. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BLCM . 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were 13 stockholders of record of our common stock . Certain shares are held in street name and thus the actual number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 45 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Overview 
 In March 2023, we announced our decision to discontinue our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials evaluating the safety and preliminary efficacy of our GoCAR-T cell product candidates (including BPX-601 and BPX-603) in combination with rimiducid in heavily pre-treated cancer patients following our assessment of the risk/benefit profile of BPX-601 in combination with rimiducid. 
 We are communicating with clinical trial sites and regulatory agencies regarding our decision to discontinue these trials. We are evaluating and exploring a variety of strategic and financing alternatives focused on maximizing shareholder value, including, but not limited to, a merger, sale, or other business combination, a strategic partnership with one or more parties, or the licensing, sale or divestiture of our programs. Despite undertaking this process, we may not be successful in completing a transaction, and, even if a strategic transaction is completed, it ultimately may not deliver the anticipated benefits or enhance stockholder value. If we do not successfully consummate a strategic alternative, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of the Company. 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Revenues Supply agreement 700 (700) License revenue 1,500 5,500 (4,000) Total revenues 1,500 6,200 (4,700) Operating expenses: Research and development 22,764 23,578 (814) General and administrative 5,717 7,010 (1,293) Total operating expenses 28,481 30,588 (2,107) Other operating expense Loss on dispositions, net (478) 478 Total other operating expense (478) 478 Loss from operations (26,981) (24,866) (2,115) Other income: Interest income, net of interest expense 46 28 18 Change in fair value of warrant and private placement option liabilities 1,964 15,126 (13,162) Other income 7 (7) Total other income 2,010 15,161 (13,151) Loss before tax (24,971) (9,705) (15,266) Income tax expense (2) (2) Net loss (24,973) (9,705) (15,268) 
 
 Revenues 
 The decrease in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was mainly due to new supply and license agreements executed with external parties during 2021. In the first quarter of 2021, we entered into a multi- 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 year supply agreement with Takeda Development Center Americas, Inc., or Takeda, for the supply of rimiducid for potential use in clinical trials of TAK-007 (CD19 CAR-NK cell therapy). The supply was fulfilled in the second quarter of 2021 generating revenue of 0.7 million, although we may generate additional revenue under the agreement based on future sales. In the third quarter of 2021, we entered into an option and license agreement with The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, or M.D. Anderson for certain option and license rights to CaspaCIDe and related technologies. An upfront fee under the agreement of 5.0 million was recognized as revenue, together with 0.5 million of annual license fee under a previous license agreement with M.D. Anderson. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue recognized consisted of the annual license fees of 0.5 million and 1.0 million from the 2019 and 2021 M.D. Anderson Option and License Agreement, respectively. 
 Research and Development Expenses (R D) 
 The decrease in R D expenses of 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to continued reduction of expenses related to rivo-cel activities. We discontinued active efforts to identify a partner for rivo-cel in late 2021. As a result, we have further decreased the budget on rivo-cel by limiting activities to maintaining regulatory compliance and long-term follow-up and monitoring patients previously enrolled in rivo-cel clinical trials, leading to a reduction in clinical trial and consulting expenses of 1.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. Additionally, there were delays in enrolling new patients for our clinical trials, which resulted in a reduction in clinical research costs of 0.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in salaries, benefits, travel, and share-based compensation related charges from R D departments of 1.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as a result of increased R D personnel hired during 2022. At the end of 2022, we had 11 full time equivalent employees in our R D departments, compared to five at the end of 2021. As discussed above, we have discontinued our BPX-601 and BPX-603 Phase 1/2 clinical trials, which we expect will contribute to decreases in R D expenses in future periods. 
 General and Administrative Expenses (G A) 
 The decrease in G A expenses of 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to a reduction in share-based compensation expenses, and IT and communication expenses from G A departments by 1.1 million. Additionally, insurance and other public company costs decreased by 0.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a reduced company size and administrative activities, compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Loss on dispositions, net 
 We did not incur any gain or loss on dispositions for the year ended December 31, 2022. The loss of 0.5 million recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021 was a result of the lease termination of the South San Francisco office space in the first quarter of 2021. Upon the termination and exit of the office space, we disposed of substantially all of the assets and liabilities associated with the lease including a right-of-use asset of 0.6 million, leased equipment with a net book value less than 0.1 million, and the related lease liability of 1.0 million. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other income or expense primarily consists of interest income, interest expense, and changes in fair values of our warrant liability and the private placement option, which are remeasured at each reporting period. Due to the nature of the inputs in the model used to assess the fair value of the warrant liability and private placement option, we may experience significant fluctuations at each reporting period. These fluctuations may be due to a variety of factors, including changes in our stock price and changes in stock price volatility over the remaining term of the warrants and options. 
 The private placement option was terminated in December 2021, and we recognized 2.6 million of gain from the change in fair value of the private placement option liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2021. We did not record any change in fair value of the private placement option liabilities during 2022. The decrease in other income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to a decrease in the gain recognized for the change in fair value of our warrant liability compared to the prior year. In 2022, we recognized 2.0 million of gain, compared to a gain of 15.2 million recognized for 2021. The primary reason of a larger amount of gain in 2021 was a significant decrease of the fair value of our warrant liability of 12.6 million during the year as a result of continued decrease in our stock price with a high volatility rate, compared to the change in fair value during 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, and cash equivalents of 21.8 million, and net cash used in operations for the year was approximately 25.8 million. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue as a going concern, and do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of our assets and the satisfaction of our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business and does not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects of the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. We have experienced net losses since our inception and as of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 575.4 million. We believe that there is substantial doubt that our current capital resources, which consist of cash and cash equivalents, are sufficient to fund operations through at least the next twelve months from the date the accompanying financial statements are issued. 
 
 In March 2023, we announced our decision to discontinue our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials evaluating the safety and preliminary efficacy of our GoCAR-T cell product candidates in combination with rimiducid in heavily pre-treated cancer patients. The trials for BPX-601 and BPX-603 are being discontinued following our assessment of the risk/benefit profile of BPX-601 in combination with rimiducid. We are communicating with clinical trial sites and regulatory agencies regarding its decision to discontinue its trials, and an evaluation of our strategic alternatives is underway. 
 
 Based on our current status, we are evaluating strategic alternatives, including, but not limited to, a merger, sale, or other business combination, a strategic partnership with one or more parties, or the licensing, sale, or divestiture of our programs. Despite undertaking this process, we may not be successful in completing a transaction, and, even if a strategic transaction is completed, it ultimately may not deliver the anticipated benefits. If we do not successfully consummate a strategic alternative, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of the Company. 
 Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 25.8 million compared to 23.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary operating activities during 2022 were (1) 25.0 million of net losses, (2) a 2.0 million non-cash gain from change in fair market value of warrant derivative liability, and (3) a 1.4 million net decrease from operating assets and liabilities. These activities were partially offset by share-based compensation charges of 2.6 million and other smaller non-cash items. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was less than 0.1 million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily for the purchase of computer equipment. The 0.9 million of net cash provided by investing activities during 2021 was related to proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 There was no cash used in or provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 32.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was generated from the issuance of pre-funded warrants during the private placement that closed in December 2021, net of offering expenses. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined by applicable regulations of the SEC) that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or for any other contractually narrow or limited purpose. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. In many instances, we could have reasonably used different accounting estimates, and in other instances changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from management s estimates under different assumptions or conditions. To the 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements, we believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies related to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed our disclosure relating to it in this MD A. 
 Warrant Derivatives 
 
 Freestanding public warrants exercisable for multiple underlying instruments are classified as liabilities. The Company accounts for these warrants in accordance with ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities ASC 815 ). The Company estimates the fair value of these liabilities using the Black-Scholes model. The option pricing model of our warrant derivative liabilities are estimates and are sensitive to changes to certain inputs used in the pricing model. See Note 1 - Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for its warrant derivatives. 
 
 Freestanding pre-funded warrants and accompanying warrants exercisable for multiple underlying instruments are classified as equity. The Company accounts for these warrants in accordance with ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities ASC 815 ). Upon the issuance of pre-funded warrants or the exercise of its accompanying common warrants, the Company receives proceeds from its investors which are recognized as equity. Furthermore, because pre-funded warrants and accompanying warrants do not participate in dividends with common stockholders, they are not considered a participating security in its current form. The pre-funded warrants will be considered in the Company s basic and diluted EPS calculations, and the common warrants would be included in diluted EPS calculation (if the Company was in a net income position). See Note 1 - Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for its pre-funded warrants. 
 Private Placement Option 
 The Company previously entered into a 2019 securities purchase agreement that contained a call option on preferred shares that are puttable outside the control of the Company. The Company accounted for the option in accordance with ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities ASC 815 ). The Company estimated the fair value of the liability using a binomial lattice model, which is sensitive to changes to certain inputs. See Note 1 - Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounted for its private placement option derivative. The private placement option was terminated on December 4, 2021, in connection with the 2021 securities purchase agreement. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities, including compensation and benefits for research and development employees and consultants, facilities expenses, overhead expenses, cost of laboratory supplies, manufacturing expenses, fees paid to third parties and other outside expenses. We accrue for costs incurred as the services are being provided by monitoring the status of the clinical trial or project and the invoices received from our external service providers. We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known. See Note 1 - Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for research and development expenses. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 The Company s share-based awards include stock option grants and restricted stock awards. The estimated fair value for stock options, which determines the Company s calculation of compensation expense, is based on the Black-Scholes pricing model, which requires a number of estimates, including the expected lives of awards, interest rates, stock volatility and other assumptions. Additionally, we apply a forfeiture rate to estimate the number of grants that will ultimately vest, as applicable, and adjust the expense as these awards vest. See Note 1 - Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for share-based compensation. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 - Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide information required under this item. 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 The financial statements of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. listed below are set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Page 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 57 

50 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Warrant liability valuation of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals 
 Description of the Matter 
 The Company s warrant derivative liability is remeasured at fair value on each balance sheet date and is valued at 0.8 million as of December 31, 2022. As explained in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company holds freestanding warrants that are exercisable for multiple underlying instruments that are potentially redeemable. 
 
 Auditing management s calculation of estimated fair value remeasurement of the warrant derivative liability was complex and judgmental due to the use of a complex valuation model and the level of uncertainty involved in management s assumptions used in the measurement process. In particular, management was required to estimate a volatility assumption at December 31, 2022. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 Our substantive audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology and testing the significant assumption stated above and the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in management s warrant derivative liability valuation assessment. To test the volatility, we compared the assumption to historical information and performed a sensitivity analysis to evaluate the impact of changes in the fair value estimate that would result from changes in the underlying assumption. We also involved our valuation specialists to assist in the evaluation of the valuation model and the volatility assumption in the fair value estimate. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 March 31, 2023 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except par value and share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, interest and other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Warrant derivative liability Total current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable Preferred stock: par value; shares authorized 
 Series 1 redeemable convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and shares authorized at December 31, 2021; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Treasury stock: shares held at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable preferred stock and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Revenues Supply agreement License revenue Total revenues Operating expenses Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Other operating expense Loss on dispositions, net ) Total other operating expense ) Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income, net of interest expense Change in fair value of warrant and private placement option liabilities Other income Total other income Loss before tax ) ) Income tax expense ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per common share attributable to common shareholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding-basic and diluted Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Series 1 Preferred Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of pre-funded warrants, net of issuance costs Extinguishment of private option liability Comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization expense Change in fair value of warrant and private placement derivative liabilities ) ) Loss on dispositions, net Amortization of right-of-use assets Accretion of lease liability Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, interest and other receivables Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities and other ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of pre-funded warrants, net Payment on financing lease obligations ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - 
 
 wholly-owned subsidiaries, Bellicum Pharma Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of the United Kingdom, and Bellicum Pharma GmbH, a private limited liability company organized under German law. Both were formed for the purpose of developing product candidates in Europe. Bellicum, Bellicum Pharma Limited and Bellicum Pharma GmbH are collectively referred to herein as the Company. All intercompany balances and transactions among the consolidated entities have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision-maker. The Company has determined that it has operating and reporting segment as it allocates resources and assesses financial performance on a consolidated basis. The Company s chief operating decision maker is its Chief Executive Officer who manages operations and reviews the financial information as a single operating segment for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating its financial performance. 
 
 million. The Company believes that there is substantial doubt that its current capital resources, which consist of cash and cash equivalents, are sufficient to fund operations through at least the next twelve months from the date the accompanying financial statements are issued. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, and do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Company s assets and the satisfaction of the Company s liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business and does not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects of the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 In March 2023, the Company announced its decision to discontinue its ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials evaluating the safety and preliminary efficacy of its GoCAR-T cell product candidates in combination with rimiducid in heavily pre-treated cancer patients. The trials for BPX-601 and BPX-603 are being discontinued following the Company s assessment of the risk/benefit profile of BPX-601 in combination with rimiducid. The Company is communicating with clinical trial sites and regulatory agencies regarding its decision to discontinue its trials, and an evaluation of the Company s strategic alternatives is underway. The strategic alternatives include, but are not limited to, a merger, sale, or other business combination, a strategic partnership with one or more parties, or the licensing, sale, or divestiture of our programs. Despite undertaking this process, the Company may not be successful in completing a transaction, and even if a strategic transaction is completed, it ultimately may not deliver the anticipated benefits. If the Company does not successfully consummate a strategic alternative, its board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of the Company. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 million in the second quarter of 2021, with the possibility of additional revenue from future sales. 
 The promised product in the supply agreement with Takeda consists of rimiducid including any components, drug substance, raw materials and/or excipients to be supplied by the Company. Revenue is generally recognized upon the transfer of control of promised goods to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods. 
 M.D. Anderson License Agreements 
 On January 22, 2019, the Company entered into a licensing and commercialization agreement with M.D. Anderson (the 2019 M.D. Anderson License Agreement ). Under the 2019 M.D. Anderson License Agreement, the Company granted M.D. Anderson non-exclusive rights in certain Caspase-9 and related technologies and use of a small molecule known as rimiducid in a certain cell therapy program. During the fourth quarter of 2019, and under the terms of the 2019 M.D. Anderson License Agreement, M.D. Anderson exercised an option to grant a non-exclusive sublicense of the rights licensed by the Company to M.D. Anderson. M.D. Anderson, as a result of this exercise, granted a sublicense that entitled the Company to receive as consideration an upfront license fee as well as additional future annual maintenance fees, milestone payments related to the achievement of pre-specified development, regulatory, and commercialization events, and royalties on net sales of licensed products. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned an annual license maintenance fee of million. 
 
 On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a second licensing and commercialization agreement with M.D. Anderson (the 2021 M.D. Anderson Option and License Agreement ). Under the 2021 M.D. Anderson Option and License Agreement, M.D. Anderson has certain rights to the use of CaspaCIDe and rimiducid in product candidates nominated under the agreement, and receives an option to a non-exclusive license to the technology in these candidates. Upon exercise of an option and sublicense of a product candidate to a third party, the Company is entitled to a sublicense execution fee, a percentage of certain consideration received by M.D. Anderson for the sublicense, an annual maintenance fee, and a percentage royalty on net sales of licensed products. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned an annual license maintenance fee of million for nominated programs. 
 Licenses of Intellectual Property 
 Revenue is recognized from the satisfaction of performance obligations when such obligations have been fulfilled. If a license to the Company s intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, revenue is recognized from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the customer and the customer is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promises, the Company uses judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over a period of time or at a point in time. If over a period of time, the Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. 
 Milestone Payments 
 At the inception of each arrangement that includes developmental, regulatory or commercial milestone payments, the Company evaluates whether achieving the milestones is considered probable and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the value of the associated milestone is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the Company s control, such as approvals from regulators or where attainment of the specified event is dependent on the development activities of a third party, are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received or the specified event occurs. 
 Royalty Revenues 
 For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). To date, no royalties have been received. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statements of cash flows 
 In April 2020, the Company sold its U.S. manufacturing facility to The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center M.D. Anderson ). Pursuant to the Company s asset purchase agreement with M.D. Anderson, million of the cash proceeds received were subject to certain escrow provisions and recorded as restricted cash. The claims against the escrow have been resolved and the funds were released and transferred to the Company in July 2022. 
 Disposition of Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale and Held for Use 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, in connection with the Company s restructuring plan, management elected to seek an exit to its leased R D facility in Houston, Texas. The lease termination and disposal of the assets and liabilities associated with the facility was completed on February 26, 2021. Under the terms of the agreement, a third party assumed the lease for the facility. In addition, the third party paid million to the Company for substantially all of the property, and equipment associated with the location. The consideration included million in cash and an unsecured promissory note for million. The principal amount of the promissory note together with accrued interest of per annum was paid in July 2022. 
 
 On March 15, 2021, the Company entered an agreement to terminate its sub-lease of the South San Francisco office space contingent upon consent of the prime lessor. Under the terms of the agreement, the company agreed to pay a lease termination fee of million while the security deposit of million was returned to the Company in June 2021. The decision to exit this lease reflects the ability of the Company to carry on its administrative function remotely. On March 26, 2021, the Company met all of the conditions of the agreement and disposed of substantially all of the assets and liabilities associated with the lease including the right-of-use asset of million, leased equipment with a net book value less than million, and the related lease liability of million. The Company recognized a loss on termination of million during the first quarter of 2021. 
 to years. 
 Years Manufacturing equipment Years Computer and office equipment to Years Software Years Total Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million of depreciation expense, respectively. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued patient treatment costs Accrued clinical research costs Accrued manufacturing costs Accrued professional services Accrued other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 See Note 4 - Public Offering and Private Placement for discussions of the 2020 Pre-funded and Common Warrants and 2021 Pre-funded and Common Warrants. 
 The Company has therefore derecognized the option liability at its balance sheet date ended on December 31, 2021. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

61 

Table of Contents 

62 

Table of Contents 

Warrants to purchase common stock Options to purchase common stock Unvested shares of restricted stock units Total anti-dilutive common stock equivalents 
 63 

NOTE 2 - 
 Total Cash Equivalents 
 
 Money market funds and U.S. Treasury bills are valued based on various observable inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, benchmark securities and bids. 
 Warrant Derivative Liability and Private Placement Option Liability 
 The Company s financial liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis include the fair values of the warrant derivative liability and the private placement option liability prior to its derecognition in December 2021. Inputs used to determine estimated fair value (Level 3) of the warrants include the fair value of the underlying stock relative to the warrant exercise price at the valuation measurement date, volatility of the price of the underlying stock, the expected term of the warrants, and risk-free interest rates which are derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect based on the expected term of the warrants. 
 
 The fair values of the warrant derivative liability and the private placement option liability, prior to its derecognition in December 2021, are classified as current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. These liabilities are classified as current liabilities on the balance sheet because the exercisability of such warrants is outside of the Company s control, and the Company does not have the unconditional right to defer settlement beyond 12 months. On December 4, 2021, the Company entered into the 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which certain of the investors irrevocably waived the right to cause the Company to conduct the First Closing and Second Closing under the private placement option contained in the 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement (each term as defined in the 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement). The Company derecognized the private placement option liability and recorded a gain on change in the fair value for the year ended December 31, 2021 of million in the accompanying statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Volatility Expected life (years) 

The ending balance of the Level 3 financial instruments presented above represents the Company s best estimate of valuation and may not be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instruments. 
 
 64 

NOTE 3 - 
 agreements and exited its Houston and South San Francisco office locations during the first quarter of 2021 and, therefore, did have any lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the lease termination and exit of the Houston office, a third party also acquired all of the property and equipment associated with the location. The consideration included an unsecured promissory note of million with a simple interest of per annum, which was due and payable on or before June 30, 2022. The payment, including accrued interest, was received in full in July 2022. 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Operating lease cost 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity related to the Company s operating and finance leases are as follows: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 

NOTE 4 - 
 shares of its common stock and accompanying 2021 common warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each pre-funded warrant to purchase share of common stock will be sold together with a warrant to purchase one-tenth of one share of common stock at a combined unit price of . The pre-funded warrants will be immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share of common stock. The accompanying common warrants will be immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share of common stock and will expire from the date of issuance. 
 
 The gross proceeds to the Company from the private placement were approximately million before deducting placement agent commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, excluding any proceeds that may be received upon exercise of the accompanying warrants. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement, certain of the Purchasers irrevocably waived the right to cause the Company to conduct the First Closing and Second Closing under the 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement (each term as defined in the 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement), which releases the Company of potential cash or equity obligations. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. 

65 

shares of its common stock, 2020 pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of its common stock, and accompanying 2020 common warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of its common stock. Each share of common stock and pre-funded warrant to purchase share of common stock was sold together with a common warrant to purchase share of common stock. The public offering price of each share of common stock and accompanying common warrant was and for each pre-funded warrant. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable at a price of per share of common stock. The common warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share of common stock and will expire from the date of issuance. The shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants, and the accompanying common warrants, were issued separately and were immediately separable upon issuance. The gross proceeds to the Company were approximately million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 
 August 2019 Public Offering 
 On August 16, 2019, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Jefferies LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters ), relating to an underwritten public offering (the 2019 Offering of shares of the Series 1 Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series 1 Preferred Stock and warrants (the 2019 Public Warrants to purchase up to shares of its common stock. Each share of Series 1 Preferred Stock was sold together with a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at a combined price to the public of . Under certain circumstances, each warrant to purchase shares of common stock will be exercisable, at the irrevocable election of the holder, for one share of Series 1 Preferred Stock. The offering closed on August 21, 2019, and the net proceeds to the Company from the Offering was approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, and excluding any proceeds that the Company may receive upon exercise of the Public Warrants. 
 
 All of the 2019 Public Warrants sold in the 2019 Offering have an exercise price of per share of common stock or, in certain circumstances, for per share of Series 1 Preferred Stock, subject to proportional adjustments in the event of stock splits or combinations or similar events. The 2019 Public Warrants were immediately exercisable upon issuance, provided that the holder is prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from exercising a warrant for shares of common stock to the extent that immediately prior to or after giving effect to such exercise, the holder, together with its affiliates and other attribution parties, would own more than of the total number of shares of common stock then issued and outstanding, which percentage may be changed at the holder s election to a lower percentage at any time or to a higher percentage not to exceed upon days notice to the Company. The Public Warrants will expire on August 21, 2026, unless exercised prior to that date. 
 Change in fair value ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Private Placement 
 On August 16, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors named therein (the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue in a private placement (i) shares of its Series 2 Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock (the Series 2 Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of per share, and related warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, and (ii) shares of its Series 3 Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock (the Series 3 Preferred Stock and, together with the Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series 2 Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of per share, and related warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The right of the Purchasers to purchase such securities was waived, effective as of December 4, 2021, pursuant to the 2021 Purchase Agreement. 
 
 The Company received million in net option fee proceeds, net of offering costs, upon the execution of the 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on December 4, 2021, the Company derecognized the private placement option liability, and the Company is no longer obligated to issue the Series 2 Preferred Stock, Series 3 Preferred Stock, or any associated Private Warrants. 
 66 

2020 2020 1 2021 2021 2 

NOTE 5 - 
 authorized shares of preferred stock with a par value of , of which the Company has designated shares as Series 1 redeemable convertible non-voting preferred stock, shares as Series 2 redeemable convertible non-voting preferred stock and shares as Series 3 redeemable convertible non-voting preferred stock. There were shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Series 1 Preferred Stock was issued together with warrants for a combined purchase price of per share of Series 1 Preferred Stock and one warrant to purchase shares of common stock. There were shares converted during December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 There were shares of Series 2 or 3 Preferred Stock issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2021. The Series 2 and 3 Preferred Stock were cancelled during 2021 pursuant to the 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company classified the Series 1 preferred stock within mezzanine equity, as the Series 1 preferred stock is redeemable at the option of the holders upon passage of time, which is outside of the Company s control to prevent. 
 
 The Series 1 Preferred Stock is not currently redeemable and is only redeemable upon a fundamental change or, at the option of the holder, on or after the date that is the fifth (5th) anniversary of the initial issue date of the applicable series of preferred stock, if certain Conditions have not been met (described below) before that date. 
 
 The Conditions mean: (1) the closing price of the Company s common stock has been equal to or exceeded per share for calendar days (for determining if the Conditions are met for the Series 1 Preferred Stock) for calendar days; (2) the -day average trading volume of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq stock market is greater than shares; and (3) a Phase 3 or Phase 2 pivotal clinical trial for one of the Company s CAR-T product candidates has been initiated, meaning that at least one clinical trial site has been activated. 
 
 A subsequent adjustment of the amount presented within mezzanine equity to its redemption amount is necessary if it is probable that the instrument will become redeemable. The Company does not believe a fundamental change is considered probable until it occurs. However, as of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that it is probable that the Conditions will not be met before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the initial issue date of the applicable series of preferred stock. Therefore, the Company will prospectively accrete the Series 1 Preferred Stock to its redemption amount of million over the future reporting periods until the earliest redemption date. 
 
 Optional Conversion 
 
 Each share of Preferred Stock is initially convertible into shares of Common Stock. The conversion price at which Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of common stock is subject to adjustment in connection with certain specified events. 

1 The pre-funded warrants issued on November 2, 2020 do not have an expiration date. 
 2 The pre-funded warrants issued on December 7, 2021 do not have an expiration date. 
 67 

per share (for Series 1 Preferred Stock). The Transition Date means the first date following August 21, 2021, on which each of the Conditions (as defined below) is met. 
 
 The Conditions mean: (1) the closing price of the Company s common stock has been equal to or exceeded per share for calendar days (for determining if the Conditions are met for the Series 1 Preferred Stock) for calendar days; (2) the -day average trading volume of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq stock market is greater than shares; and (3) a Phase 3 or Phase 2 pivotal clinical trial for one of the Company s CAR-T product candidates has been initiated, meaning that at least one clinical trial site has been activated. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Shares of Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividends equal to (on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis), and in the same form and manner as, dividends actually paid on shares of common stock. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 Until the applicable Transition Date, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, winding up or deemed liquidation, holders of the Preferred Stock will receive a payment equal to the applicable per share purchase price of their Preferred Stock before any proceeds are distributed to the holders of Common Stock. The liquidation preferences, protective voting provisions and redemption rights of the Preferred Stock terminate upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 
 Voting 
 
 Shares of Preferred Stock will generally have no voting rights, except to the extent expressly provided in the Company s certificate of incorporation or as otherwise required by law. 
 
 68 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 share-based compensation plans, including the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan the 2019 Plan which was adopted in June 2019. Each plan authorizes the granting of shares of common stock and/or options to purchase common stock to employees and directors of the Company, as well as non-employee consultants, and allows the holder of the option to purchase common stock at a stated exercise price. The only plan under which the Company may currently grant equity awards is the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan although there remain outstanding awards under the other four plans. Options vest according to the terms of the grant, which may be immediately or based on the passage of time, generally over two to , and have a term of up to years. Unexercised stock options terminate on the expiration date of the grant. The Company recognizes the share-based compensation expense over the requisite service period of the individual grantees, which generally equals the vesting period. 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 The 2019 Plan is designed to secure and retain the services of the Company s employees and directors. The 2019 Plan is successor to and continuation of the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, the 2014 Plan ), and no additional awards may be issued from the 2014 Plan. Subject to adjustment for certain changes in the Company s capitalization, the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2019 Plan (the Share Reserve will not exceed the sum of (i) new shares, plus (ii) an additional shares that were approved at the Company s Special Meeting of Stockholders in January 2020, plus (iii) an additional shares that were approved at the Company s Annual meeting of Stockholders in June 2020, plus (iv) an additional shares that were approved at the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders in June 2021, plus (v) an additional shares that were approved at the Company s Annual meeting of Stockholders in June 2022 and plus (vi) the Prior Plans Returning Shares, as defined in the 2019 Plan documents, in an amount not to exceed shares, including any stock award granted under the 2014 Plan, 2011 Stock Option Plan, as amended, or 2006 Stock Option Plan, as amended, that were outstanding as of the date the 2019 Plan were approved by the Company s stockholders, as such shares become available from time to time. 
 
 The following shares of common stock (the 2019 Plan Returning Shares will also become available again for issuance under the 2019 Plan: (i) any shares subject to a stock award granted under the 2019 Plan that are not issued because such stock award expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such stock award having been issued; (ii) any shares subject to a stock award granted under the 2019 Plan that are not issued because such stock award is settled in cash; and (iii) any shares issued pursuant to a stock award granted under the 2019 Plan that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of a failure to vest. 
 
 The 2019 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance stock awards, and other stock awards. 
 
 Inducement option awards Restricted stock units Inducement restricted stock units Total outstanding awards 
 
 Grant Date Fair Value 
 
 The valuation of the share-based compensation awards is a significant accounting estimate that requires the use of judgments and assumptions that are likely to have a material impact on the financial statements. The fair value of option grants is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Expected volatilities utilized in the model are based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock. Similarly, the dividend yield is based on historical experience and the estimate of future dividend yields. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The expected term of the options is based on the average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding. As the Company does not have sufficient historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior, the expected term is calculated as the midpoint between the weighted-average vesting term and the contractual expiration period also known as the simplified method. 
 
 69 

Weighted-average exercise price Weighted-average grant date fair value Assumptions: Risk-free interest rate Volatility Expected life (years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 Share-Based Compensation Activity 
 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

There were options exercised or cash received for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 70 

to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Total 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the ESPP , provides for eligible Company employees, as defined by the ESPP, to be given an opportunity to purchase the Company s common stock at a discount, through payroll deductions, with stock purchases being made upon defined purchase dates. The ESPP authorizes the issuance of up to shares of the Company s common stock to participating employees and allows eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock at a discount from the lesser of the grant date or purchase date fair market value. The ESPP has been suspended since December 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the ESPP. There was no activity within the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 Research and development Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total compensation cost not yet recognized was million and the weighted-average period over which this amount is expected to be recognized is years. The aggregate fair value of options and restricted shares vesting in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 71 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 million of sublicense expense was incurred in 2019 through 2020 related to the Company s obligation to pay BCM a percentage of sublicense revenue earned by the Company under the 2014 license agreement. Management evaluated the impact of the adjustment and determined that the amount was immaterial to the consolidated financial statements for the current year and prior years. As such, the entire amount of million was recorded during the second quarter in 2021. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company earned additional sublicense revenue and, therefore, recorded additional sublicense expense of million. 
 
 License Agreement - Agensys, Inc. 
 
 On December 10, 2015, the Company and Agensys, Inc. Agensys ), entered into a license agreement (the Agensys Agreement ), pursuant to which (i) Agensys granted the Company, within the field of cell and gene therapy of diseases in humans, an exclusive, worldwide license and sublicense to its patent rights directed to prostate stem cell antigen 1 PSCA and related antibodies, and (ii) the Company granted Agensys a non-exclusive, fully paid license to the Company s patents directed to inventions that were made by the Company in the course of developing the Company s licensed products, solely for use with Agensys therapeutic products containing a soluble antibody that binds to PSCA or, to the extent not based upon the Company s other proprietary technology, to non-therapeutic applications of antibodies not used within the field. As consideration for the rights granted to the Company under the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to Agensys a non-refundable upfront fee of million, which was included in license fee expense. The Company is also required to make aggregate milestone payments to Agensys of up to (i) million upon the first achievement of certain specified clinical milestones for its licensed products, (ii) million upon the achievement of certain specified clinical milestones for each licensed product, and (iii) million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones for each licensed product. The Agreement additionally provides that the Company will pay to Agensys a royalty that ranges from the mid to high single digits based on the level of annual net sales of licensed products by the Company, its affiliates or permitted sublicensees. The royalty payments are subject to reduction under specified circumstances. These milestone and royalty payments will be expensed as incurred. Under the Agreement, Agensys also was granted the option to obtain an exclusive license, on a product-by-product basis, from the Company to commercialize in Japan each licensed product developed under the Agensys Agreement that has completed a phase 2 clinical trial. As to each such licensed product, if Agensys or its affiliate, Astellas Pharma, Inc., exercises the option, the Agensys Agreement provides that the Company will be paid an option exercise fee of million. In addition, the Agensys Agreement provides that the Company will be paid a royalty that ranges from the mid to high single digits based on the level of annual net sales in 
 72 

million upon the achievement of certain specified clinical and sales milestones. The Agensys Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of the last royalty term for the products covered by the Agensys Agreement, which is the earlier of (i) the date of expiration or abandonment of the last valid claim within the licensed patent rights covering any licensed products under the Agreement, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity as to a licensed product, and (iii) years after the first commercial sale of a licensed product. Either party may terminate the Agensys Agreement upon a material breach by the other party that remains uncured following days after the date of written notice of such breach (or days if such material breach is related to failure to make payment of amounts due under the Agensys Agreement) or upon certain insolvency events. In addition, Agensys may terminate the Agensys Agreement immediately upon written notice to the Company if the Company or any of its affiliates or permitted sublicensees commences an interference proceeding or challenges the validity or enforceability of any of Agensys patent rights. 
 
 License Agreement - BioVec 
 
 On June 10, 2015, the Company and BioVec Pharma, Inc. BioVec entered into a license agreement (the BioVec Agreement pursuant to which BioVec agreed to supply the Company with certain proprietary cell lines and granted to the Company a non-exclusive, worldwide license to certain of its patent rights and related know-how related to such proprietary cell lines. As consideration for the products supplied and rights granted to the Company under the BioVec Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to BioVec an upfront fee of within ten business days of the effective date of the BioVec Agreement and a fee of within ten business days of its receipt of the first release of GMP lot of the products licensed under the BioVec Agreement. In addition, the Company agreed to pay to BioVec an annual fee of , commencing days following the first filing of an Investigational New Drug Application (an IND filing), or its foreign equivalent, for a product covered by the license; with such annual fees being creditable against any royalties payable by the Company to BioVec under the BioVec Agreement. The Company also is required to make a milestone payment to BioVec for each of the first licensed products to enter into a clinical phase trial and one-time milestone payments of million upon receipt of a registration granted by the Federal Drug Administration or European Medicines Agency on each of the Company s first licensed products. The BioVec Agreement additionally provides that the Company will pay to BioVec a royalty in the low single digits on net sales of products covered by the BioVec Agreement. The Company may also grant sublicensees under the licensed patent rights and know-how to third parties for limited purposes related to the use, sale and other exploitation of the products licensed under the BioVec Agreement. The BioVec Agreement will continue until terminated. The BioVec Agreement may be terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time upon days written notice to BioVec. Either party may terminate the BioVec Agreement in the event of a breach by the other party of any material provision of the BioVec Agreement that remains uncured on the date that is days after written notice of such failure or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is days after the date of written notice to a party regarding such insolvency event. 
 
 Litigation 
 On May 29, 2019, Bellicum was served with a second amended complaint indicating that the Company had been added as an additional defendant in an ongoing civil tort lawsuit, captioned Kelly v. Children s Hospital of Los Angeles et al., filed in the Los Angeles County Superior Court, Case No. BC681477. On July 10, 2019 plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint seeking unspecified monetary damages including punitive damages and alleging claims for wrongful death, negligence, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, medical battery on decedent, medical battery on individual plaintiffs, products liability - failure to warn, breach of express warranty and products liability design or manufacturing defect. Bellicum filed a demurrer and motion to strike plaintiffs third amended complaint, which were granted in part on August 5, 2020 with the Court dismissing (without prejudice) all claims against Bellicum with the exception of the breach of express warranty and products liability design or manufacturing defect causes of action. The Court also granted Bellicum s motion to strike plaintiffs claim for punitive damages. On September 15, 2020, plaintiffs filed a fourth amended complaint alleging the same causes of action and damages against Bellicum as were pled in the third amended complaint. On November 3, 2020, Bellicum filed a demurrer and motion to strike the fourth amended complaint, which was heard by the Court on May 19, 2022. The Court sustained the demurrer without leave to amend as to the causes of action for wrongful death, negligence, fraud, battery, and products liability-failure to warn, and overruled the demurrer as to products liability-design/manufacturing defect. The Court also granted Bellicum s motion to strike punitive damages. 
 The parties engaged in discovery in advance of the trial date set for March 13, 2023. On November 22, 2022, Bellicum filed a motion for summary judgment seeking an order from the Court that the undisputed material facts warranted a dismissal of Bellicum from the case. On February 9, 2023, the Court held a hearing on Bellicum s motion for summary judgment, and granted the motion. Entry of the final judgment in favor of Bellicum and against the plaintiffs is pending. 

73 

NOTE 8 -) ) Stock based compensation Offering issuance costs and changes in fair value of warrants and private placement option ) ) Change in valuation allowance Research and development credit ) ) Other ) Income tax expense 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes, and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 
 Stock compensation Intangible assets Section 174 expenses, net of amortization Research and development credit Other ) Total deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax 
 
 U.K. net operating loss carryforwards U.S. federal research tax credits Texas research tax credits 
 The Company has million of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers that have no expiration date and the remaining begin to expire in 2025. The U.S. Federal and state research credits will begin to expire in 2028 and 2034, respectively. No study has been performed on the research and development (R D) credits and gross R D credits in the amount of million could be limited based on review by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 The Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limits NOL and tax credit carry forwards when an ownership change of more than 50 of the value of the stock in a loss corporation occurs. Accordingly, the ability to utilize remaining NOL and tax credit carryforwards may be significantly restricted. 
 74 

valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The changes in the valuation allowance were an increase of million and an increase of million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Internal Revenue Code Section 174 requires that taxpayers capitalize and amortize R D expenses that were previously eligible for immediate expensing, for tax years commencing after January 1, 2022. Under the Code, expenses incurred within the U.S. will be amortized over a five-year period beginning with the midpoint of the year in which the expenses were paid or incurred. The expenses that are required to be capitalized will include both the qualified expenses that go into calculating the R D tax credit and the indirect costs that can be attributed to R D activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the estimated Section 174 expenses, net of amortization, are million. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed under the supervision of our management to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of our Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer, our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our latest fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report since we intend to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or our Proxy Statement, with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and certain information to be included in our Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement as follows: 
 
 The information relating to our directors and nominees for director is to be included in the section entitled Election of Directors, 
 
 The information relating to our executive officers is to be included in the section entitled Information about our Executive Officers, 
 
 The information relating to our audit committee and audit committee financial expert is to be included in the section entitled Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, and 
 
 If required, the information regarding delinquent reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is to be included in the section entitled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. 
 
 Such information is to be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 We have adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or Ethics Code, that applies to all officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Ethics Code is available on our website at www.bellicum.com. If we ever were to amend or waive any provision that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or any person performing similar functions, we intend to satisfy our disclosure obligations, if any, with respect to any such waiver or amendment by posting such information on our website, rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the section entitled Executive and Director Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item with respect to equity compensation plans will be set forth in the section entitled Equity Benefit Plans and the information required by this item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is to be included in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our Proxy Statement and in each case is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be set forth in the section entitled Executive and Director Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the sections entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Election of Directors in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the section entitled Principal Accountant Fees and Services in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

78 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 We have omitted these schedules because they are not required, or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 
 The documents listed in the following Exhibit Index of this Annual Report are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Exhibit Number Description 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended by Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant and the Second Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant and the Third Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Re gistrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-k (File No. 001-36783), f iled with the SEC on Dec ember 12, 2022 ). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783) , filed with the SEC on August 5, 2 019). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series 1 Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock, Series 2 Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock and Series 3 Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current R eport on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783) , filed with the SEC on August 19, 2019). 
 4.1 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 . 
 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-200328), originally filed with the SEC on November 18, 2014). 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and Baker Brothers Life Sciences, LP, and two of its affiliated funds, dated January 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-209012), filed with the SEC on January 15, 2016). 
 4.4 Form of Warrant issued in public offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on August 19, 2019). 
 4.5 Form of Warrant issued in private offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on August 19, 2019). 
 4.6 Description of the Registrant s Securities . 
 4.7 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2019, by and among the Company and the institutional investors named therein, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on August 19, 2019). 
 4.8 Form of pre-funded warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2020). 
 4.9 Form of warrant to purchase common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.001-36783), filed with the SEC on November 2, 2020). 
 4.10 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant issued in private placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021). 
 4.11 Form of Accompanying Common Warrant issued in private placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021). 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 
 4.12 Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 4, 2021 , by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8- K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021). 
 10.1+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Registrant and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-200328), originally filed with the SEC on November 18, 2014). 
 10.3+ 
 Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2011 Stock Option Plan and Forms of Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement and Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-200328), originally filed with the SEC on November 18, 2014). 
 10.4(A)+ Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on May 5, 2019). 
 10.4(B)+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Option Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(B) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Filed No. (001-3683), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018). 
 10.4(C)+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Option Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (with accelerated vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(C) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783) , filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018). 
 10.4(D)+ Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(D) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018). 
 10.4(E)+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(E) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018). 
 10.4(F)+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Option Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (Inducement Award)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(F) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018). 
 10.4(G)+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Option Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Director Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(G) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018). 
 10.5(A)+ Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended . 
 10.5(B)+ Forms of stock option grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise, and forms of restricted stock award notice and restricted stock award agreement under the Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5(B) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022. 
 10.6+ Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264939), filed with SEC on May 13, 2022). 
 10.8+ Incentive Award Program, as amended on February 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018). 
 10.9+ Letter Agreement by and between the Registrant and Richard A. Fair, dated January 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017). 
 10.15 Notice of Expansion of Licensed Field to Obtain Additional Exclusive Rights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-200328), originally filed with the SEC on November 18, 2014). 
 10.16 Amended and Restated License Agreement by and between the Registrant and ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated March 7, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2020). 
 10.17 Omnibus Amendment Agreement by and between Registrant and ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated October 3, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2020). 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 
 10.18 Exclusive License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Baylor College of Medicine, dated March 20, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2020). 
 10.19 Exclusive License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Baylor College of Medicine, dated June 27, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2020). 
 10.20 Exclusive License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Baylor College of Medicine, effective November 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36783), filed with SEC on November 5, 2020). 
 10.21 License Agreement by and between the Registrant and BioVec Pharma, Inc., dated as of June 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2015) . 
 10.22 Exclusive License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Agensys, Inc., effective as of December 10, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 
 10.23 Co-Development and Co-Commercialisation Agreement by and between the Registrant and Adaptimmune Limited, effective as of December 16, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017). 
 10.24 
 Master Services Agreement Between The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center and Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022). 
 10.25 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Charity Scripture, dated as of November 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36783), filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 
 31.1# Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1# Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted (indicated by [ ] because the Registrant has determined that the information is not material and is the type that the Registrant treats as private or confidential. # This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Richard A. Fair Richard A. Fair 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Richard A. Fair as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Richard A. Fair President, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Richard A. Fair (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Charles S. Grass Principal Accounting Officer March 31, 2023 Charles S. Grass /s/ Jon P. Stonehouse Chairman of the Board of Directors March 31, 2023 Jon P. Stonehouse /s/ James M. Daly Member of the Board of Directors March 31, 2023 James M. Daly /s/ Stephen R. Davis Member of the Board of Directors March 31, 2023 Stephen R. Davis /s/ Reid M. Huber, Ph.D. Member of the Board of Directors March 31, 2023 Reid M. Huber, Ph.D. /s/ Judith Klimovsky Member of the Board of Directors March 31, 2023 Judith Klimovsky 
 83 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 exhibit46-descriptionofcom.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 

Exhibit 4.6 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 General 
 The following description summarizes the most important terms of our common stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. For a complete description of the matters set forth in this Description of Common Stock, you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended to date, the Restated Certificate and amended and restated bylaws (the Restated Bylaws ), which are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). Our authorized capital stock consists of 160,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, except as required by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, to issue additional shares of our capital stock. In addition, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to designate the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications and restrictions of our preferred stock in one or more series. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 Our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors, and does not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election. For most other matters, the approval of a majority of the shares voting at an annual or special meeting of stockholders will be required. Exceptions to this include removing directors for cause and amending our Restated Certificate and Restated Bylaws, each of which will require the approval of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding common stock. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will serve until the third annual meeting following their election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 

We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Section 203 of the DGCL defines a business combination to include 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder and 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 
 In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 
 The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 
 
 Restated Certificate and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Provisions of the Restated Certificate and the Restated Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be 

in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, the Restated Certificate and the Restated Bylaws 
 permit our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate 
 provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution adopted by a majority of the board of directors provide that the board of directors or any individual director may only be removed with cause and the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then outstanding common stock, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock that may be designated from time to time to elect additional directors under specified circumstances 
 provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law or subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock as designated from time to time, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum 
 divide our board of directors into three classes 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent or electronic transmission 
 provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice 
 do not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose) and 
 provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, our Chief Executive Officer or by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exists any vacancies). 
 provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against the us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (4) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. This choice of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

The amendment of any of these provisions, with the exception of the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and designate any rights, preferences and privileges thereto, would require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then outstanding common stock. 
 
 The foregoing provisions may make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 
 These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of us. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.5(A)>
 3
 exhibit105a-2019equityince.htm
 EX-10.5(A)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5(A) 

 Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors April 22, 2019 
 Approved by the Stockholders June 13, 2019 
 Amended and Approved by the Board of Directors July 9, 2019 
 Amended by the Board of Directors December 2, 2019 
 Approved by the Stockholders January 15, 2020 
 Amended by the Board of Directors April 16, 2020 
 Amended by the Board of Directors April 22, 2020 
 Approved by the Stockholders June 15, 2020 
 Amended by the Board of Directors July 23, 2020 
 Amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors November 10, 2020 
 Amended by the Board of Directors April 15, 2021 
 Approved by the Stockholders June 15, 2021 
 Amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors March 25, 2022 
 Approved by the Stockholders June 15, 2022 
 Amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 
 January 6, 2023 

1. General. 
 (a) Successor to and Continuation of 2014 Plan. 
 (i) The Plan is intended as the successor to and continuation of the Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2014 Plan ). From and after 12 01 a.m. Pacific time on the Effective Date, no additional stock awards will be granted under the 2014 Plan. All Stock Awards granted on or after 12 01 a.m. Pacific Time on the Effective Date will be granted under this Plan. All stock awards granted under the 2014 Plan or under the Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2011 Stock Option Plan, as amended, and the Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2006 Stock Option Plan, as amended (together with the 2014 Plan and the 2011 Plan, the Prior Plans ), will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plans. 
 (ii) Any shares that would otherwise remain available for future grants under the 2014 Plan as of 12 01 a.m. Pacific Time on the Effective Date (the 2014 Plan s Available Reserve will cease to be available under the 2014 Plan at such time and will not be available under this Plan. 
 (iii) From and after 12 01 a.m. Pacific time on the Effective Date, any shares subject, at such time, to outstanding stock awards granted under any of the Prior Plans (each, a Prior Plan Award that (i) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such stock award having been issued (ii) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof is settled in cash and (iii) are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares (such shares the Prior Plans Returning Shares will immediately be added to the Share Reserve (pursuant to the provisions described in Section 3(a) below) as and when such shares become Prior Plans Returning Shares, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below. 
 (b) Eligible Stock Award Recipients. Subject to Section 4, Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Stock Awards. 
 
 1. 
 283344764 v1 

(c) Available Stock Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Stock Awards (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards, (vi) Performance Stock Awards, and (vii) Other Stock Awards. 
 (d) Purpose. The Plan, through the grant of Stock Awards, is intended to help the Company and any Affiliate secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate, and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock. 
 2. Administration. 
 (a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). 
 (b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan 
 (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Stock Awards (B) when and how each Stock Award will be granted (C) what type of Stock Award will be granted (D) the provisions of each Stock Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Stock Award (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, a Stock Award and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. 
 (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Stock Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Stock Award fully effective. 
 (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it. 
 (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which a Stock Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof). 
 (v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not materially impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent, except as provided in subsection (viii) below. 
 (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and or bringing the Plan or Stock Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially 
 2. 
 283344764 v1 

expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Stock Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Stock Awards available for issuance under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent. 
 (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of (A) Section 422 of the Code regarding incentive stock options or (B) Rule 16b-3. 
 (viii) To approve forms of Stock Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Stock Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion provided, however, that a Participant s rights under any Stock Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Stock Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Stock Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code or (D) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements. 
 (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Stock Awards. 
 (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Stock Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). 
 (c) Delegation to Committee. 
 (i) General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 
 3. 
 283344764 v1 

(ii) Rule 16b-3 Compliance. The Committee may consist solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3. 
 (d) Delegation to an Officer. The Board may delegate to one (1) or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Stock Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees provided, however , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself. Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(w)(iii) below. 
 (e) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
 (f) Cancellation and Re-Grant of Stock Awards . Neither the Board nor any Committee will have the authority to (i) reduce the exercise price or strike price of any outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan, or (ii) cancel any outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that have an exercise price or strike price greater than the current Fair Market Value of the Common Stock in exchange for cash or other Stock Awards under the Plan, unless the stockholders of the Company have approved such an action within twelve months prior to such an event. 
 (g) Minimum Vesting Requirements. No Stock Award may vest (or, if applicable, be exercisable) until at least 12 months following the date of grant of the Stock Award provided, however , that shares of Common Stock up to 5 of the Share Reserve (as defined in Section 3(a)) may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards that do not meet such vesting (and, if applicable, exercisability) requirements. 
 (h) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid or credited, as applicable, with respect to any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the applicable Award Agreement provided, however , that (i) no dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid with respect to any such shares before the date such shares have vested under the terms of such Award Agreement, (ii) any dividends or dividend equivalents that are credited with respect to any such shares will be subject to all of the terms and conditions applicable to such shares under the terms of such Award Agreement (including, but not limited to, any vesting conditions), and (iii) any dividends or dividend equivalents that are credited with respect to any such shares will be forfeited to the Company on the date, if any, such shares are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to a failure to meet any vesting conditions under the terms of such Award Agreement. 
 3. Shares Subject to the Plan. 
 (a) Share Reserve. 
 (i) Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards from and after the Effective Date will consist of (i) 250,000 shares, plus (ii) an additional 
 4. 
 283344764 v1 

600,000 shares that were approved at the Company s Special Meeting of Stockholders in 2020, plus (iii) an additional 500,000 shares that were approved at the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2020, plus (iv) an additional 500,000 shares that were approved at the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2021, plus (v) an additional 2,250,000 shares that were approved at the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2022, plus (vi) the number of shares that are the Prior Plans Returning Shares, as such shares become available from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3, up to a maximum of 600,540 shares (such total number of potential shares in (i) - (vi), the Share Reserve ). Upon the Effective Date, (1) the number of shares subject to the 2014 Plan s Available Reserve shall cease to be available for grant, whether under the 2014 Plan or this Plan and (2) any shares remaining available for grant under the 2014 Plan Inducement Share Pool (as defined in the 2014 Plan) shall cease to be available for grant. 
 (ii) Subject to Section 3(b), the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan will be reduced by (A) one (1) share for each share of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Appreciation Award granted under the Plan and (B) 1.25 shares for each share of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Full Value Award granted under the Plan. 
 (iii) Subject to Section 3(b), the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan will be increased by (A) one (1) share for each Prior Plans Returning Share or 2019 Plan Returning Share (as defined in Section 3(b)(i)) subject to an Appreciation Award and (B) 1.25 shares for each Prior Plans Returning Share or 2019 Plan Returning Share subject to a Full Value Award. 
 (iv) For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a). Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve. 
 (i) Shares Available for Subsequent Issuance. The following shares of Common Stock (collectively, the 2019 Plan Returning Shares will become available again for issuance under the Plan (A) any shares subject to a Stock Award that are not issued because such Stock Award or any portion thereof expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued (B) any shares subject to a Stock Award that are not issued because such Stock Award or any portion thereof is settled in cash and (C) any shares issued pursuant to a Stock Award that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares. 
 (ii) Shares Not Available for Subsequent Issuance. The following shares of Common Stock will not become available again for issuance under the Plan (A) any shares that are reacquired or withheld (or not issued) by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of a Stock Award or a Prior Plan Award (including any shares subject to such award that are not delivered because such award is exercised through a reduction of shares subject to such award i.e ., net exercised )) (B) any shares that are reacquired or withheld (or not issued) by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with a Stock Award or a Prior Plan Award (C) any shares repurchased by the Company on the open market with the proceeds of the exercise, strike or purchase price of a Stock Award or a Prior Plan Award and (D) in the event that a Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan or a stock 
 5. 
 283344764 v1 

appreciation right granted under any of the Prior Plans is settled in shares of Common Stock, the gross number of shares of Common Stock subject to such award. 
 (c) Incentive Stock Option Limit. Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be 9,401,080 shares of Common Stock. 
 (d) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 
 (e) Limitation on Grants to Non-Employee Directors. The aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid (as applicable) in any calendar year to any individual for service as a Non-Employee Director, including Stock Awards granted under the Plan or otherwise and any cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director, will not exceed 600,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Stock Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Stock Awards for financial reporting purposes), or, with respect to the calendar year in which a Non-Employee Director is first appointed or elected to the Board, 1,000,000. 
 (f) Inducement Share Pool and Inducement Award Rules . This Section 3(f) will apply with respect to an additional 831,820 shares of Common Stock reserved under this Plan by action of the Board (or a committee thereof) to be used exclusively for the grant of Inducement Awards in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) (the Inducement Shares ). The Inducement Shares that may be awarded under this Section 3(f) shall be in addition to and shall not reduce the Share Reserve. 
 In addition, the following rules and restrictions shall apply to any Inducement Award granted pursuant to the Plan 
 (i) Eligible Inducement Award Recipients . An Inducement Award may be granted only to an Employee who has not previously been an Employee or a Non-Employee Director of the Company or an Affiliate, or following a bona fide period of non-employment, as an inducement material to the individual s entering into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 
 (ii) No Incentive Stock Options . No Inducement Award may be designated as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (iii) Approval of Inducement Awards . All Inducement Awards must be granted by a Committee consisting of the majority of the Company s independent directors or the Company s independent compensation committee, in each case in accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). 
 (iv) Limitation on Share Recycling . The shares of Common Stock underlying any Inducement Awards that are forfeited, canceled, held back upon exercise of an Inducement Award or settlement of an Inducement Award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired or repurchased by the Company, satisfied without the issuance of Common Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the Inducement Shares available for grant under this Section 3(f), but shall not be added back to the Share Reserve. 
 6. 
 283344764 v1 

4. Eligibility. 
 (a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants provided, however , that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (b) Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. 
 5. Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical provided, however , that each Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (a) Term. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement. 
 (b) Exercise Price. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Stock Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award if such Stock Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. 
 (c) Purchase Price for Options. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to 
 7. 
 283344764 v1 

grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows 
 (i) by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
 (ii) pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds 
 (iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock 
 (iv) if an Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price provided, however , that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations or 
 (v) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. 
 (d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR. To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Stock Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. 
 (e) Transferability of Options and SARs. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the restrictions set forth in this Section 5(e) on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, no Option or SAR may be transferred to any financial institution without prior stockholder approval. 
 (i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. Subject to the foregoing paragraph, the Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 
 8. 
 283344764 v1 

(ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.421-1(b)(2). If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 
 (iii) Beneficiary Designation. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. 
 (f) Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to Section 2(g) and any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. 
 (g) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Stock Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. 
 (h) Extension of Termination Date. If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock 
 9. 
 283344764 v1 

received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. 
 (i) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 
 (j) Death of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Stock Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 
 (k) Termination for Cause. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR from and after the time of such termination of Continuous Service. 
 (l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Stock Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Stock Award Agreement in another agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s or an Affiliate s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in 
 10. 
 283344764 v1 

connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements. 
 6. Provisions of Stock Awards other than Options and SARs. 
 (a) Restricted Stock Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock may be (x) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse or (y) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (i) Consideration. A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 
 (ii) Vesting. Subject to Section 2(g), shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
 (iii) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 (iv) Transferability. Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan or a Restricted Stock Award Agreement to the contrary, no Restricted Stock Award may be transferred to any financial institution without prior stockholder approval. 
 (b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (i) Consideration. At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock 
 11. 
 283344764 v1 

Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 
 (ii) Vesting. Subject to Section 2(g), at the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
 (iii) Payment . A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 (iv) Additional Restrictions. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 (v) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 (c) Performance Stock Awards . 
 (i) Performance Stock Awards . A Performance Stock Award is a Stock Award that is payable (including that may be granted, may vest or may be exercised) contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals. A Performance Stock Award may, but need not, require the Participant s completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. Subject to Section 2(g), the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Board, in its sole discretion. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and the applicable Stock Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash may be used in payment of Performance Stock Awards. 
 (ii) Board Discretion . The Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate and to make other appropriate adjustments selected by the Board the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for a Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement. 
 (d) Other Stock Awards . Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6. Subject to the provisions of the Plan (including, but not limited to, Section 2(g)), the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards. 
 12. 
 283344764 v1 

7. Covenants of the Company. 
 (a) Availability of Shares. The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Stock Awards. 
 (b) Securities Law Compliance. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards provided, however , that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. 
 (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock Award. 
 8. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 
 (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Stock Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of a Stock Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Stock Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents. 
 (c) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Stock Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 
 (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Stock Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Stock Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve 
 13. 
 283344764 v1 

the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 
 (e) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Stock Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Stock Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Stock Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Stock Award that is so reduced or extended. 
 (f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s). 
 (g) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that such Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. 
 (h) Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to a Stock Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the 
 14. 
 283344764 v1 

Participant in connection with the Stock Award (iii) withholding cash from a Stock Award settled in cash (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. 
 (i) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). 
 (j) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Stock Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company or an Affiliate. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Stock Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. 
 (k) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in a Stock Award Agreement, the Plan and Stock Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Stock Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Stock Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Stock Award Agreement evidencing such Stock Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent a Stock Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Stock Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Stock Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding a Stock Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 
 (l) Clawback Recovery . All Stock Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company (i) is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law or (ii) otherwise adopts, to the extent applicable and permissible under applicable laws. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in a Stock Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of an event constituting Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback 
 15. 
 283344764 v1 

policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company or an Affiliate. 
 9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock Other Corporate Events. 
 (a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), (iii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued as Inducement Shares pursuant to Section 3(f) and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service. 
 (c) Transactions. The following provisions shall apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award. In the event of a Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board shall take one or more of the following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Transaction 
 (i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Transaction) 
 (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) 
 (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Transaction provided, however , that the Board may require Participants to complete and deliver to the Company a notice of exercise before the effective date of a Transaction, which exercise is contingent upon the effectiveness of such Transaction 
 (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award 
 16. 
 283344764 v1 

(v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate and 
 (vi) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Transaction, in exchange for a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Common Stock in connection with the Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. 
 The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award. 
 (d) Change in Control. A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 
 10. Plan Term Earlier Termination or Suspension of the Plan. 
 The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the Adoption Date, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 11. Effective Date of the Plan. 
 The Plan will become effective on the Effective Date. 
 12. Choice of Law. 
 The law of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 13. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below 
 (a) Adoption Date means April 22, 2019, which is the date the Plan was adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (b) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 (c) Appreciation Award means (i) a stock option or stock appreciation right granted under any of the Prior Plans or (ii) an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, in each case 
 17. 
 283344764 v1 

with respect to which the exercise or strike price is at least 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the stock option or stock appreciation right, or Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, on the date of grant. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Capital Stock means each and every class of common stock of the Company, regardless of the number of votes per share. 
 (f) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Adoption Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 (g) Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Stock Awards held by such Participant shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 
 (h) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition 
 18. 
 283344764 v1 

had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction 
 (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition 
 (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company will otherwise occur, except for a liquidation into a parent corporation or 
 (v) individuals who, on the Adoption Date, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of the Plan, the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company and the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Stock Awards subject to such agreement provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply. 
 (i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 (j) Committee means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). 
 (k) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, having one vote per share. 
 (l) Company means Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 19. 
 283344764 v1 

(m) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 
 (n) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. 
 (o) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (ii) a sale or other disposition of at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company 
 (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation or 
 (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
 (p) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (q) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 20. 
 283344764 v1 

(r) Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan document, which is the date of the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company held in 2019. 
 (s) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 
 (t) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 (u) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (v) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (w) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 
 (iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
 (x) Full Value Award means (i) a stock award granted under any of the Prior Plans or (ii) a Stock Award, in each case that is not an Appreciation Award. 
 (y) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (z) Inducement Award means a Stock Award, other than an Incentive Stock Option, that is granted pursuant to Section 3(f) of the Plan. 
 21. 
 283344764 v1 

(aa) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
 (ab) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any Option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (ac) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (ad) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (ae) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (af) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
 (ag) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(d). 
 (ah) Other Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (ai) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership means a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 (aj) Participant means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. 
 (ak) Performance Criteria means the one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board (i) earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings) (ii) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation (iii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (iv) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and legal settlements (v) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements and other income (expense) (vi) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense) and stock-based compensation (vii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense), stock-based compensation and changes in deferred revenue (viii) earnings before 
 22. 
 283344764 v1 

interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense), stock-based compensation, other non-cash expenses and changes in deferred revenue (ix) total stockholder return (x) return on equity or average stockholder s equity (xi) return on assets, investment, or capital employed (xii) stock price (xiii) margin (including gross margin) (xiv) income (before or after taxes) (xv) operating income (xvi) operating income after taxes (xvii) pre-tax profit (xviii) operating cash flow (xix) sales or revenue targets (xx) increases in revenue or product revenue (xxi) expenses and cost reduction goals (xxii) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels (xxiii) economic value added (or an equivalent metric) (xxiv) market share (xxv) cash flow (xxvi) cash flow per share (xxvii) cash balance (xxviii) cash burn (xxix) cash collections (xxx) share price performance (xxxi) debt reduction (xxxii) implementation or completion of projects or processes (including, without limitation, clinical trial initiation, clinical trial enrollment and dates, clinical trial results, regulatory filing submissions, regulatory filing acceptances, regulatory or advisory committee interactions, regulatory approvals, and product supply) (xxxiii) stockholders equity (xxxiv) capital expenditures (xxxv) debt levels (xxxvi) operating profit or net operating profit (xxxvii) workforce diversity (xxxviii) growth of net income or operating income (xxxix) billings (xl) bookings (xli) employee retention (xlii) initiation of studies by specific dates (xliii) budget management (xliv) submission to, or approval by, a regulatory body (including, but not limited to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration) of an applicable filing or a product (xlv) regulatory milestones (xlvi) progress of internal research or development programs (xlvii) acquisition of new customers (xlviii) customer retention and or repeat order rate (xlix) improvements in sample and test processing times (l) progress of partnered programs (li) partner satisfaction (lii) timely completion of clinical trials (liii) submission of 510(k)s or pre-market approvals and other regulatory achievements (liv) milestones related to samples received and or tests or panels run (lv) expansion of sales in additional geographies or markets (lvi) research progress, including the development of programs (lvii) strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property) and (lviii) and any other measures of performance selected by the Board. 
 (al) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Stock Award Agreement at the time the Stock Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows (1) to exclude restructuring and or other nonrecurring charges (2) to exclude exchange rate effects (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently as determined under generally accepted accounting principles (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends (9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles (12) to exclude the effects of the 
 23. 
 283344764 v1 

timing of acceptance for review and or approval of submissions to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any other regulatory body and (13) to make other appropriate adjustments selected by the Board. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement. 
 (am) Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to and the payment of a Stock Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board. 
 (an) Performance Stock Award means a Stock Award granted under the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(i). 
 (ao) Plan means this Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 (ap) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). 
 (aq) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (ar) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). 
 (as) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (at) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 (au) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (av) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. 
 (aw) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (ax) Stock Award means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance Stock Award or any Other Stock Award. 
 24. 
 283344764 v1 

(ay) Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (az) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 
 (ba) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 (bb) Transaction means a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control. 
 
 25. 
 283344764 v1 

</EX-10.5(A)>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Bellicum Pharma Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of the United Kingdom 
 
 Bellicum Pharma GmbH , a private limited liability company organized under the laws of Germany 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231consentofey2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statements (Form S-3 Nos. 333-219020, 333-232771, and 333-264939) of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and 
 (2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-201036, 333-216656, 333-218772, 333-220170, 333-223636, 333-225554, 333-231272, 333-232304, 333-232774, 333-236149, 333-241675, 333-258778 and 333-266781) pertaining to the 2006 Stock Option Plan, 2011 Stock Option Plan, 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, and 2019 Equity Incentive Plan of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311-202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Richard A. Fair, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 s Richard A. Fair Richard A. Fair President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-202210k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Richard A. Fair, principal executive officer and principal officer of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Registrant ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based upon my knowledge 
 (1) this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Registrant, to which this certification is attached as an exhibit (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. Date March 31, 2023 s Richard A. Fair Richard A. Fair President and Chief Executive Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 blcm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 blcm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 blcm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 blcm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 blcm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

