<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1600626_0001600626-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17708000</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>461337</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2299193</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7105990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3819316</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3705808</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001600626-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324164451
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001600626-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Peakstone Realty Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001600626
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				464654479
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55605
		FILM NUMBER:		23760439

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-606-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1520 EAST GRAND AVENUE
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Griffin Realty Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Griffin Realty Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190710

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001600626-23-000032.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 gcnl-20221231.htm
 10-K

gcnl-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Shares, 0.001 par value per share 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Aggregate market value of the common shares held by non-affiliates of the Company: established market exists for the Company s common shares. As of March 24, 2023 there were Class T common shares, Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class I common shares, Class A common shares, Class AA common shares, Class AAA common shares, and Class E common shares of Peakstone Realty Trust outstanding. 
 2 

PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page No. PART I 
 6 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 6 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 29 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 29 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 29 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 30 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 30 
 PART II 
 31 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 31 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 32 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 57 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 58 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 58 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 58 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 58 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 60 
 PART III 
 61 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 61 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 61 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 61 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 61 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 61 
 PART IV 
 62 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 62 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 65 
 SIGNATURES 
 66 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F- 1 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Peakstone Realty Trust, other than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, or potential or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report reflect our current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: general economic and financial conditions; market volatility; inflation; any potential recession or threat of recession; interest rates; the impact of the work-from-home trends; recent and ongoing disruption in the debt and banking markets; occupancy, rent deferrals and the financial condition of our tenants; whether easing of the pandemic, work-from-home trends or other factors will impact the attractiveness of industrial and/or office assets; whether we will be successful in renewing leases as they expire; future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions; expected sources of financing and the availability and attractiveness of the terms of any such financing; legislative and regulatory changes that could adversely affect our business; our future capital expenditures, operating expenses, net income, operating income, cash flow and developments and trends of the real estate industry; whether the Listing (defined below) will be completed; whether the proposed Listing will maximize shareholder value; whether we will be successful in the pursuit of our business plan, including any dispositions; whether we will succeed in our investment objectives; any relationship between the trading price of our common shares at the proposed Listing and our published net asset value; any fluctuation and/or volatility of the trading price of our common shares once listed; risks associated with our dependence on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed; risks related to the disruption of management s attention from ongoing business operations due to pursuit of requirements related to being a listed company; whether we will comply with Sarbanes-Oxley as required of listed companies; and other factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report. 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, assumptions and expectations, they are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Furthermore, we disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, of new information, data or methods, future events or other changes. Moreover, because we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, new risk factors are likely to emerge from time to time. We caution investors not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. Readers of this Annual Report should also read our other periodic filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other publicly filed documents for further discussion regarding such factors. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Summary of Risk Factors 
 There is currently no public trading market for our common shares and there may never be one. While we have announced our intention to pursue the proposed Listing (as defined below), there is no assurance that the Listing will be completed, and if it is not completed; it will be difficult for our shareholders to sell their shares. 
 If the proposed Listing occurs, trading in our common shares, at the time of and following the proposed Listing, could experience substantial volatility, and the trading price of our common shares could decline significantly due to actual or anticipated sales of our common shares by our shareholders or other factors, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If the proposed Listing occurs, the trading price of our common shares may vary significantly from our previously published NAV (as defined below). 
 Our shareholders are subject to the risk that our distributions to shareholders may change, which could adversely impact the attractiveness of owning our common shares. 
 Our shareholders are subject to the risk that our business and operating plans may change. 
 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our shareholders and the interests of holders of common limited partnership units OP Units of PKST OP, L.P., our operating partnership Operating Partnership ), which may impede business decisions that could benefit our shareholders. Additionally, the current chairman of our board of trustees (the Board is a controlling person of entities that have received OP Units, and therefore may face conflicts with regard to his fiduciary duties to the Company and those entities. 
 If the Company has not redeemed the Series A convertible preferred shares (the Series A Preferred Shares ), completed the Listing or listed the Series A Preferred Shares on a national exchange by August 1, 2023, then on or after such date the holder of our Series A Preferred Shares has a right to require us to redeem the Series A Preferred Shares for cash. Accordingly, unless we have completed the Listing or listed our Series A Preferred Shares by such date, if the holder exercises this right we will need to allocate cash to satisfy this redemption when there may be a shortage of cash or when we may prefer to allocate cash to other uses consistent with our business plans. In addition, after August 8, 2023, the preferred holder has the right, at its option, to convert its Series A Preferred Shares into common shares of the Company. Such conversion would dilute the interests of our other shareholders unless the Company elects to satisfy such conversion by making a cash payment to the preferred holder (in which case we would have to allocate cash thereto when there may be a shortage of cash or when we may prefer to allocate cash to other uses consistent with our business plans). 
 Our shareholders percentage ownership interest in the Company will be diluted if we issue additional shares or if our Operating Partnership issues additional OP Units. 
 A substantial portion of our portfolio is comprised of office assets, which have generally experienced a decrease in demand. Office assets may experience a further decrease in leasing and investment demand and such decrease in demand could have a material adverse effect on us. Further, our ability to sell any of our office assets may be limited in the current economic climate. 
 Most of our properties are occupied by a single tenant; therefore, income generated by nearly all of our properties is dependent on the financial stability of a single tenant at each property. The bankruptcy, insolvency, merger, lack of access to debt or equity capital or downturn in the business of, or a lease termination or election not to renew by one of these tenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We currently rely on five tenants for approximately a quarter of our revenue and adverse effects to their business could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our operating results will be affected by economic and regulatory changes, such as inflation and rising interest rates that have an adverse impact on the real estate market in general, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be profitable or that we will realize growth in the value of our real estate properties. 
 Failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions because we would incur additional tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The use herein of the words PKST, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Peakstone Realty Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, and its subsidiaries, including PKST OP L.P., our operating partnership (our Operating Partnership ), except where the context otherwise requires. 
 Overview 
 Peakstone Realty Trust is an internally managed, publicly registered real estate investment trust REIT that owns and operates a high-quality, newer-vintage portfolio of predominantly single-tenant industrial and office properties. These assets are generally leased to creditworthy tenants under long-term net lease agreements with contractual rent escalations. The Company s wholly-owned portfolio contains properties with key characteristics, including difficult-to-replicate locations and significant tenant investment in the building, which the Company believes make these properties more essential to the tenants. Nearly 75 of the Annualized Base Rent (as defined below) from our wholly-owned portfolio is generated from properties located in coastal and sun belt markets, areas where we believe demographic drivers such as strong median household income and educational attainment create a more favorable economic backdrop. 
 The Company, founded in 2009 and headquartered in El Segundo, California, is led by an experienced, cycle-tested management team that, through equity ownership, is financially aligned with shareholders. Our executive management team has an average of approximately 34 years of commercial real estate experience and decades of experience operating public companies. In addition to the executive team, the Company s nine senior real estate professionals average approximately 23 years of experience, and the entire senior real estate team has averaged nine years of experience working together. The team has extensive knowledge of the Company s existing portfolio and has nurtured a broad network of long-standing industry relationships, especially in the markets where the Company s properties are located. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 81 properties in 24 states. Our contractual base rent before abatements and deducting base year operating expenses for gross and modified gross leases multiplied by 12 months Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 223.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was approximately 95.5 leased (based on square footage), with a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.1 years and weighted average annual rent increases of approximately 2.0 . Approximately 61.5 of our Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 was generated by properties leased and/or guaranteed, directly or indirectly, by companies that have investment grade credit ratings or what management believes are generally equivalent ratings. 
 History and Structure 
 Our platform was founded in 2009 with the launch of our predecessor, Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc. (our Predecessor ), a publicly-registered, non-traded REIT that acquired a geographically diversified portfolio of strategically located, high-quality corporate industrial and office properties primarily leased to single tenants. Our Predecessor s business plan was focused on the acquisition of assets that, in Predecessor management s opinion, were more essential to the tenant. 
 In 2013, our Predecessor completed its primary offering, and we (then named Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT II, Inc.) were launched with the same business plan as our Predecessor. 
 On December 14, 2018, our Predecessor further aligned management with investors by internalizing management in a transaction whereby the former sponsor of our Predecessor and us, Griffin Capital Company, LLC GCC ), and Griffin Capital, LLC sold the advisory, asset management and property management business of Griffin Capital Real Estate Company, LLC to us in exchange for limited partnership units of our Operating Partnership. On that date, we also announced a proposed combination of operations with our Predecessor and certain other related entities (the Predecessor Merger ). The Predecessor Merger closed on April 30, 2019 and the surviving company was renamed Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc. 
 On March 1, 2021, we completed our acquisition of Cole Office Industrial REIT (CCIT II), Inc. for approximately 1.3 billion, including transaction costs, in a stock-for-stock transaction (the CCIT II Merger ). On July 1, 2021, we changed our name from Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc. to Griffin Realty Trust, Inc. and our operating partnership changed its name from Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership L.P. to GRT OP, L.P. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 On August 26, 2022, we completed the sale of a 41-property office portfolio (the Office Portfolio Sale to a joint venture (the Office Joint Venture in which we hold a 49 interest and are a member. On December 27, 2022, we completed a companion sale of a five-property portfolio (the Companion Office Portfolio Sale to the Office Joint Venture. 
 On February 21, 2023, we announced our intention to list our common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the Listing ). We expect the Listing to occur on or about April 13, 2023, subject to, among other things, obtaining approval from the NYSE to list our common shares. 
 Structure 
 Like many other REITs, we utilize a structure known as an umbrella partnership REIT UPREIT ), pursuant to which we conduct all of our business through our Operating Partnership, with our Operating Partnership, directly and indirectly through subsidiaries, owning all of our assets and liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company, as the general partner, controlled our Operating Partnership and owned approximately 91.0 of the OP Units. The remaining 9.0 of OP Units are owned by GCC and other affiliates of the Company, as well as unaffiliated, third-party members. 
 On January 19, 2023, we converted our form of organization from a Maryland corporation to a Maryland real estate investment trust and changed our name from Griffin Realty Trust, Inc. to Griffin Realty Trust. On March 10, 2023, in anticipation of our Listing, we changed our name from Griffin Realty Trust to Peakstone Realty Trust and our Operating Partnership changed its name to PKST OP, L.P. 
 Our Business Strategy 
 The Company s primary long-term objective is to maximize shareholder value over time. Operating through three distinct business segments Industrial, Office and Other (for more details on segmentation see Results of Operations Segment Information below) the Company is focused on improving per share metrics through internal and external growth, pursuing multi-channel investments across the risk and capital spectrum, and maximizing strategic flexibility by targeting an investment grade credit rating. The Company seeks to achieve this objective by leveraging the Company s experienced, real estate-focused, cycle-tested management team to pursue the following three-part strategy: 
 
 Own and operate a stabilized portfolio of wholly-owned, high-quality, newer-vintage single-tenant industrial and office properties located in diverse, strategic growth markets : The Company intends to prudently and proactively manage the cash flow generated from its portfolio. With a weighted average remaining lease duration exceeding seven years as of December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned portfolio s stability enables management to thoughtfully and without undue pressure execute the Company s self-funded business plan. 
 Operate a self-funded business plan through capital recycling and free cash flow : Cash generated from the Company s portfolio provides management with a range of allocation options, none of which rely upon near term outside capital. These options include (i) sale of properties, most likely certain office assets, (ii) selective reinvestment in the portfolio where return on capital warrants such investment, (iii) further repayment of the Company s outstanding debt, (iv) return of capital to shareholders, and (v) selective acquisition of industrial properties. 
 Selectively acquire high-quality, Class A industrial properties : We intend to acquire additional well-located, high-quality industrial properties over time to benefit from secular tailwinds expected in this sector. Management has identified specific markets where access to key transportation arteries including trade ports, intermodal (rail to truck) hubs and interstate highway systems make these locations more desirable to tenants. The Company believes that acquiring properties primarily in these areas provides the potential for rent rate growth, lower capital expenditure requirements and higher returns. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 The commercial real estate markets in which we operate are highly competitive. The leasing of real estate is also often highly competitive, and we may experience competition for tenants from owners and managers of competing projects. As a result, we may have to provide free rent, incur charges for tenant improvements, or offer other inducements, or we might not be able to timely lease the space, all of which may have material adverse effect on us. Competition may also lead to an increase in tenants electing to not renew their lease, seeking to reduce the amount of space they lease with us and/or seeking shorter lease terms, which may also have a material effect on us. At the time we elect to dispose of our properties, we will also be in competition with sellers of similar properties to locate suitable purchasers for our properties which could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 Overview 
 Our business is subject to many laws and governmental regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or their interpretation by agencies and courts, occur frequently. We and any of our operating subsidiaries that we may form may be subject to state and local tax in states and localities in which they or we do business or own property. The tax treatment of us, our Operating Partnership, any of our operating subsidiaries we may form and the holders of our shares in local jurisdictions may differ from our U.S. federal income tax treatment. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act 
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the ADA ), all public accommodations and commercial facilities are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Failing to comply could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or an award of damages to private litigants. Although we diligence compliance with laws, including the ADA, when we acquire properties, we may incur additional costs to comply with the ADA or other regulations related to access by disabled persons. Although we believe that these costs will not have a material adverse effect on us, if required changes involve a greater amount of expenditures than we currently anticipate, our ability to make expected distributions could be adversely affected. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances. These laws often impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator was responsible for, or even knew of, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of investigating, removing or remediating these substances may be substantial, and the presence of these substances may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell the property or to borrow using the property as collateral and may expose us to liability resulting from any release of or exposure to these substances. If we arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at another location, we may be liable for the costs of removing or remediating these substances at the disposal or treatment facility, whether or not the facility is owned or operated by us. We may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from a site that we own or operate. Certain environmental laws also impose liability in connection with the handling of or exposure to asbestos-containing materials, pursuant to which third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. We maintain a pollution insurance policy for all of our properties to insure against the potential liability of remediation and exposure risk. Also, numerous states and municipalities have adopted laws and policies on climate change and emission reduction targets. If we are unable to meet the required emissions reductions, we may be subject to material fines that will continue to be assessed each year we fail to comply. 
 
 Other Regulations 
 The properties we own and operate generally are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as zoning and state and local fire and life safety requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of fines by governmental authorities or awards of damages to private litigants. Through our due diligence process and protections in our leases, we aim to own and operate properties that are in material compliance with all such regulatory requirements. However, we cannot assure our shareholders that these requirements will not be changed or that new requirements will not be imposed which would require significant unanticipated expenditures by us and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We conduct our operations so that we and our subsidiaries are not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and monitor the structure and nature of our assets so that we do not come within the definition of an investment company under the 1940 Act. If we or our subsidiaries fail to maintain an exception or exemption from the 1940 Act, we may be required to, among other things, substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act or register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We are internally managed by an experienced and proven team that specializes in industrial and office properties. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 36 people. We believe our employees are our greatest asset. Because of this perspective, we have implemented a number of programs to foster their professional growth and their growth as global citizens. 
 We offer all of our employees a comprehensive benefits and wellness package, which includes paid time off and parental leave, high-quality medical, dental and vision insurance, disability, pet and life insurance, fitness programs, 401(k) and long-term incentive plans. We also encourage internal mobility in our organization and provide career enhancement and education opportunities, as well as educational grants. 
 We believe that a wide range of opinions and experiences are key to our continued success, and we therefore value racial, gender, and generational diversity throughout our organization. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 49 of our employees were people of color/minorities and approximately 46 were women. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, half of our eight-member Board was composed of women and/or minorities. 
 Our social policy extends beyond the individuals within our organization and encourages our employees to have a positive impact on the community around us. Throughout our organization, we have a shared passion and dedication to giving back to the communities in which we live and work. 
 Available Information 
 We make available on the SEC Filings subpage of the investor section of our website www.pkst.com free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any amendments to those reports as soon as practicable after we electronically file such reports with the SEC. Our electronically filed reports can also be obtained on the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov. Further, copies of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and the charters for the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of our Board are also available on the Governance Documents subpage of the Investors section of our website. The Company also will routinely post important information to its website about its business, operating results and financial condition and prospects, including, for example, information about material acquisitions and dispositions, earnings releases and copies of investor presentations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Shareholders should carefully consider the following risks in evaluating our company and our common shares. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, cash flow, ability to satisfy our debt obligations, returns to our shareholders, the value of our shareholders investment in us and/or our ability to make distributions to our shareholders could be materially and adversely affected, which we refer herein collectively as a material adverse effect on us. Some statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Refer to the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional information regarding these forward-looking statements. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Shares 
 There is currently no public trading market for our common shares and there may never be one. While we have announced our intention to pursue the Listing, there is no assurance that the Listing will be completed, and if it is not completed, it will be difficult for our shareholders to sell their shares. 
 There is currently no public trading market for our common shares and there may never be one. While we have announced our intention to pursue the Listing, there is no assurance that the Listing will be completed, and if it is not completed, it will be difficult for shareholders to sell their shares. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 If we do not complete the proposed Listing, we have a share redemption program (the SRP ), but it currently is suspended. Even if the SRP was reinstated and is active and in effect, we may not have sufficient cash to satisfy the permitted quarterly value of redemption requests. Our Board may limit, suspend, terminate or amend any provision of our SRP at any time upon 10 days notice. 
 Furthermore, to ensure that we do not fail to qualify as a REIT, our charter also prohibits the ownership by any Person (as defined in our charter) of more than 9.8 (in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive, as determined in good faith by our Board) of the aggregate of our common shares or more than 9.8 of the value (as determined in good faith by our Board) of the aggregate of outstanding Shares (as defined in our charter), unless waived by our Board. Such restriction may inhibit large investors from desiring to purchase a shareholder s shares, including in connection with a takeover that could otherwise result in a premium price for our shareholders, and could impose further impediments to a shareholder s ability to sell their common shares. 
 If the proposed Listing occurs, trading in our shares, at the time of and following, the proposed Listing, could experience substantial volatility, and the trading price of our common shares could decline significantly due to actual or anticipated sales of our shares by our shareholders or other factors, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, if the proposed Listing occurs, the trading price of our common shares may vary significantly from our previously published NAV (as defined below). Further, if you elect to sell your shares following the Listing, you may receive less for the sale of those shares than the price you paid for those shares. 
 Our common shares currently are not listed on any national securities exchange and, as noted above, the ability of our shareholders to liquidate their investments currently is limited. As a result, if the Listing occurs, there may be significant pent-up demand by our shareholders seeking liquidity by selling their common shares. Therefore, if the proposed Listing occurs, trading in our shares at the time of, and following, the proposed Listing could experience substantial volatility. The trading price of our common shares could decline significantly due to the sale of substantial amounts of our common shares in the public market by our shareholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, or other factors, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, if the proposed Listing occurs, the trading price of our common shares may vary significantly from our previously published NAV. Further, if you elect to sell your shares following the Listing, you may receive less for the sale of those shares than the price you paid for those shares. 
 Furthermore, the U.S. stock markets, including the NYSE, on which we have applied to list our common shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, especially office REITs. As a result, the market price of our common shares is likely to be similarly volatile, and investors in our common shares may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. We cannot assure you that the market price of our common shares will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. 
 In addition to the risks listed in this Risk Factors section, a number of factors could negatively affect the share price of our common shares or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our common shares, including: 
 the annual yield from distributions on our common shares as compared to yields on other financial instruments; 
 equity issuances by us, or future sales of substantial amounts of our common shares by our existing or future shareholders, or the perception that such issuances or future sales may occur; 
 increases in market interest rates or a decrease in our distributions to shareholders that lead purchasers of our common shares to demand a higher yield; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes from time to time due to a variety of factors, including from sales of our common shares sold by our shareholders; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 
 actual or anticipated differences in our quarterly operating results; 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 changes in expectations of future financial performance or changes in estimates of securities analysts; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry by securities analysts; 
 failure to qualify as a REIT; 
 adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we incur in the future, or our failure to establish debt levels that investors believe are appropriate; 
 strategic decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestments, spin offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy; 
 the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments that adversely affect us or our industry; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 changes in our earnings; 
 changes in the underlying value of real estate; 
 failure to satisfy the listing requirements of the NYSE; 
 failure to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 actions by institutional shareholders; 
 changes in accounting principles; and 
 general market conditions, including factors unrelated to our performance. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the price of their common shares. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, our ability to execute our business strategy and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 Our shares are subject to the risk that our distributions to shareholders may change, which could adversely impact the attractiveness of owning our shares. 
 Considering the need to retain greater liquidity as a listed company, on February 21, 2023, the Company announced that the Board had declared a reduced distribution rate of 0.90 per common share annualized, subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, for the month of February 2023, which was paid to shareholders on February 24, 2023. In addition, for distributions following the February distribution, the Company will cease calculating and determining record holders for its distribution rate daily, and instead will pay distributions to holders of common shares in a specific amount and on a specified record date. Accordingly, on March 24, 2023, the Company announced that the Board had declared a distribution of 0.075 per common share payable on May 12, 2023 to holders of record of its common shares on May 2, 2023, and if the Listing occurs after the record date, the distribution will be paid with respect to each class of the Company s currently outstanding common shares, with appropriate adjustments for each class. 
 All distributions will be at the sole discretion of our Board and will depend upon our actual and projected financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and FFO, AFFO, maintenance of our REIT qualification and such other matters as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. We intend to evaluate distributions throughout 2023, and it is expected that shareholders will not receive distributions equivalent to those previously paid by us for various reasons, including need to retain cash to satisfy our current obligations, including debt maturities, for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes. Shareholders have no contractual or other legal right to distributions that have not been authorized and declared by the Board. We may not be able to make distributions in the future or may need to fund such distributions from external sources, as to which no assurances can be given. In addition, as noted above, we may choose to retain operating cash flow, and these retained funds, although increasing the value of our assets on our balance sheet, may not correspondingly increase the market price of our common shares. Our failure to meet the market s expectations with regard to future cash distributions likely would adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our shareholders are subject to the risk that our business and operating plans may change. 
 Our Board may change our investment objectives, targeted investments, borrowing policies or other corporate policies without shareholder approval. 
 Increases in market interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our common shares. 
 One of the factors that may influence the price of our common shares will be the dividend distribution rate on our common shares (as a percentage of the price of our common shares) relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates rise, prospective purchasers of our common shares may expect a higher distribution rate. Higher interest rates would not, however, result in more funds being available for distribution and, in fact, would likely increase our borrowing costs and might decrease our funds available for distribution. We therefore may not be able, or we may not choose, to provide a higher distribution rate. As a result, prospective purchasers may decide to purchase other securities rather than our common shares, which would reduce the demand for, and result in a decline in the market price of, our common shares. 
 Risks Related to Our Conflicts of Interest 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our shareholders and the interests of holders of OP Units, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our shareholders. Additionally, the current chairman of our Board is a controlling person of entities that own OP Units, and therefore may face conflicts with regard to his fiduciary duties to the Company and those entities. 
 Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our shareholders and the interests of holders of OP Units. Our trustees and officers have duties to the Company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of the Company. At the same time, we, as the general partner of our Operating Partnership have fiduciary duties, and obligations to our Operating Partnership and its partners in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership under Delaware law and the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership. Our fiduciary duties and obligations as general partner to our Operating Partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our trustees and officers to the Company. Additionally, the current chairman of our Board is a controlling person of entities that own OP Units, and therefore may face conflicts of interest with respect to his fiduciary duties to the Company and those entities. 
 Certain of our executive officers own an interest in an incentive compensation plan controlled by the current chairman of our Board and pursuant to which they may be entitled to receive substantial payments, which could cause these executive officers to make decisions with respect to the Company that are not in the best interest of the Company. 
 Our chief executive officer (Mr. Escalante), chief financial officer (Mr. Bitar), and two of our executive vice presidents (Messrs. Sohn and Tausk) are participants in a long-term incentive program of GCC, an entity owned and controlled by the current chairman of our Board (the GCC Incentive Plan as a result of their prior service to GCC, including as a result of their role in our internalization transaction in 2018. Each of these executives may be entitled to receive certain payments from the GCC Incentive Plan, which payments could be substantial. The possibility of receiving these payments could cause these executive officers to make decisions with respect to the Company that are not in the best interest of our Company. 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 If the Company has not redeemed the Series A Preferred Shares, completed the Listing or listed the Series A Preferred Shares on a national exchange by August 1, 2023, then on or after such date the holder of our Series A Preferred Shares has a right to require us to redeem the Series A Preferred Shares for cash. Accordingly, unless we have completed the Listing or listed our Series A Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange by such date, if the holder exercises this right we will need to allocate cash to satisfy this redemption when there may be a shortage of cash or when we may prefer to allocate cash to other uses consistent with our business plans. In addition, after August 8, 2023, the preferred holder has the right, at its option, to convert its Series A Preferred Shares into common shares of the Company. Any such conversion would dilute the interests of our other shareholders unless the Company elects to satisfy such conversion by making a cash payment to the preferred holder (in which case we would have to allocate cash thereto when there may be a shortage of cash or when we may prefer to allocate cash to other uses consistent with our business plans). Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We have issued 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares that rank senior to all of our other shares, including our common shares, and grant the holder certain rights that are superior or additional to the rights of common shareholders, including with respect to the payment of distributions, liquidation preference, redemption rights, and conversion rights. Distributions on the 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Series A Preferred Shares are cumulative and are declared and payable quarterly in arrears. Under the terms of the original purchase agreement for the Series A Preferred Shares, the holder of the Series A Preferred Shares agreed to purchase an additional 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares at a later date for an additional purchase price of 125.0 million, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, the preferred holder may have a right to purchase a second tranche of the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 If the Company has not completed the Listing or listed its Series A Preferred Shares on a national exchange by August 1, 2023, then on or after such date, the holder of the Series A Preferred Shares has a right to require us to redeem the Series A Preferred Shares for cash. Accordingly, unless we have completed the Listing or listed our Series A Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange by such date, if the holder exercises this right we will need to allocate cash to satisfy this redemption when there may be a shortage of cash or when we may prefer to allocate cash to other uses consistent with our business plans. In addition, after August 8, 2023, the preferred holder has the right, at its option, to convert its Series A Preferred Shares into common shares of the Company. Any such conversion would dilute the interests of our other shareholders unless the Company elects to satisfy such conversion by making a cash payment to the preferred holder (in which case we would have to allocate cash thereto when there may be a shortage of cash or when we may prefer to allocate cash to other uses consistent with our business plans). Any issuance of a second tranche of Series A Preferred Shares and the subsequent conversion of such Series A Preferred Shares (which may be converted by the holder as soon as five years from the issuance date thereof) would similarly be dilutive to our common shareholders, unless the Company elects to satisfy such conversion in cash (in which case we would have to allocate cash thereto when there may be a shortage of cash or when we may prefer to allocate cash to other uses consistent with our business plans). The Company has the right to redeem the Series A Preferred Shares (including Series A Preferred Shares that may be issued in any such second tranche) at any time. 
 We are obligated to pay the holder of the Series A Preferred Shares its current distributions and any accumulated and unpaid distributions prior to any distributions being paid to our common shareholders and, therefore, any cash available for distribution is used first to pay distributions to the holder of the Series A Preferred Shares. The Series A Preferred Shares also have a liquidation preference in the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of our affairs (a liquidation which could negatively affect any payments to the common shareholders in the event of a liquidation. 
 If we fail to pay distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares for six quarters (whether or not consecutive), the holder will be entitled to elect two additional trustees of the Company (the Preferred Shares Trustees ). The election will take place at the next annual meeting of shareholders, or at a special meeting of the holder of Series A Preferred Shares called for that purpose, and such right to elect Preferred Shares Trustees shall continue until all distributions accumulated on the Series A Preferred Shares have been paid in full for all past distribution periods and the accumulated distribution for the then current distribution period shall have been authorized, declared and paid in full or authorized, declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof irrevocably set apart for payment in trust. 
 If any of the foregoing risks were to materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our shareholders percentage ownership interest in the Company will be diluted if we issue additional shares or if our Operating Partnership issues additional OP Units. 
 
 Our shareholders interest in the Company will be diluted if we issue additional shares. Our shareholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. Subject to Maryland law, our Board may increase the number of authorized common shares, increase or decrease the number of shares of any class or series of shares designated, or reclassify any unissued shares without obtaining shareholder approval. Further, our outstanding and any later-issued Series A Preferred Shares may be converted into our common shares under certain circumstances unless the Company elects to satisfy such conversion by making a cash payment to the preferred holder. Existing shareholders will experience dilution of their equity investment or voting power in the Company if we issue additional shares in the future, including issuing restricted common shares or restricted share units RSUs to our independent trustees and executive officers, issuing shares in connection with an exchange of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership, issuing additional OP Units or converting shares of the outstanding tranche of our Series A Preferred Shares into our common shares. 
 
 Our charter contains certain ownership limits with respect to our shares. 
 Generally, to maintain our qualification as a REIT, no more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of our taxable year (except with respect to the first taxable year for which an election to be taxed as a REIT is made). The Code defines individuals for purposes of the requirement described in the preceding sentence to include some types of entities. Our charter authorizes our Board to take such actions as it determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Our charter prohibits the 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 ownership by any Person (as defined in our charter) of more than 9.8 (in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive, as determined in good faith by our Board) of the aggregate of our common shares or more than 9.8 of the value (as determined in good faith by our Board) of the aggregate of our outstanding Shares (as defined in our charter), unless waived by our Board. For these purposes, our charter includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act in the definition of Person. Our Board may exempt a person, prospectively or retroactively, from these ownership limits if certain conditions are satisfied. 
 This ownership limit and the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares contained in our charter may: 
 discourage a tender offer or other transactions or a change in management or of control that might involve a premium price for our shares or that our shareholders might otherwise believe to be in their best interest; or 
 result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that might involve a premium price for our shares or that our shareholders might otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of common shares with the opportunity to realize a premium price for our common shares, including: 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested shareholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then-outstanding voting shares at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, and thereafter impose fair price and/or supermajority shareholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 control share provisions that provide that a shareholder s control shares of our Company (defined as shares (other than shares acquired directly from us) that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the shareholder, entitle the shareholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing trustees) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, we have elected to opt out of the business combination and control share provisions of the MGCL. However, we cannot assure you that our Board will not opt to be subject to such provisions of the MGCL in the future, including opting to be subject to such provisions retroactively. 
 Further, Maryland statutory law provides that an act of a trustee relating to or affecting an acquisition or a potential acquisition of control of a real estate investment trust may not be subject to a higher duty or greater scrutiny than is applied to any other act of a trustee. Hence, trustees of a Maryland real estate investment trust by statute are not required to act in certain takeover situations under the same standards of care, and are not subject to the same standards of review, as apply in Delaware and other corporate jurisdictions. 
 Our shareholders investment return would be reduced if we were required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act and we would not be able to continue our business unless and until we registered under the 1940 Act. 
 We conduct our operations so that we and our subsidiaries are not required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 To maintain compliance with our 1940 Act exemption, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. If we or our subsidiaries fail to maintain an exception or exemption from the 1940 Act, we may be required to, among other things, substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act or alternatively, register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of the Company and liquidate our business. 
 Our rights and the rights of our shareholders to recover claims against our officers and trustees are limited, which could reduce our shareholders and our recovery against them if they cause us to incur losses. 
 Maryland law provides that a trustee has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the real estate investment trust s best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our charter requires us to indemnify our trustees and officers to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Additionally, our charter limits the liability of our trustees and officers for monetary damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Further, our charter permits the Company, with the approval of our Board, to provide such indemnification and advancement of expenses to any of our employees or agents. As a result, we and our shareholders may have more limited rights against our trustees, officers, employees and agents, than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce our shareholders and our recovery against them. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our trustees, officers, employees and agents in some cases which would decrease the cash otherwise available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 We are uncertain of our sources of funding our future capital needs. If we cannot obtain funding on acceptable terms, our ability to make necessary capital improvements to our properties may be impaired or delayed. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our taxable income each year, excluding capital gains. Because of this distribution requirement, it is not likely that we will be able to fund a significant portion of our future capital needs from retained earnings. We have not identified all of our sources of funding, and such sources of funding may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all. If we do not have access to sufficient funding in the future, we may not be able to make necessary capital improvements to our properties, pay other expenses, make distributions or expand our business. 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of a different forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach by any trustee, officer or other employee of the Company of a duty owed to the Company or our shareholders or of any standard of conduct set forth in the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL including, but not limited to, the meaning, interpretation, effect, validity, performance or enforcement of our charter or our bylaws, (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine , or (v), upon the Listing, any Internal Corporate Claim (as defined the MGCL). This exclusive forum provision does not apply to claims under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in our common shares will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions of our bylaws, as they may be amended from time to time. Our Board, without shareholder approval, adopted this provision of our bylaws so that we may respond to such litigation more efficiently and reduce the costs associated with our responses to such litigation, particularly litigation that might otherwise be brought in multiple forums. This exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder believes is favorable for disputes with the Company or our trustees, officers, agents or employees, if any, and may discourage lawsuits against us and our trustees, officers, agents or employees, if any. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings notwithstanding that the MGCL expressly provides that the charter or bylaws of a Maryland real estate investment trust may require that any internal corporate claim be brought only in courts sitting in one or more specified jurisdictions, we may incur additional costs that we do not currently anticipate associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business 
 A substantial portion of our portfolio is comprised of office assets, which have generally experienced a decrease in demand. Office assets may experience a further decrease in leasing and investment demand and such decrease in demand could have a material adverse effect on us. Further, our ability to sell any of our office assets may be limited in the current economic climate. 
 
 A substantial portion of our portfolio is comprised of office assets, which have generally experienced a decrease in demand. Current economic conditions could lead our office tenants to elect to not renew their leases, or to renew their leases for less space than they currently occupy, which could increase vacancy rates and decrease rental income. Remote and hybrid work practices are likely to continue in a post-pandemic environment. Changes to tenants space requirements and configurations may require us to spend increased amounts for property improvements. Additionally, if substantial office space reconfiguration is required, it may be more attractive for our tenants to pursue relocating to other office space than renewing their leases and renovating their existing space, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Further, our current business plan contemplates the sale of a number of our office assets. Our ability to sell our office assets at attractive prices may be limited in the current economic climate, and there is no assurance that we will be able to effect such sales on attractive terms, or at all. 
 
 Most of our properties are occupied by a single tenant; therefore, income generated by nearly all of our properties is dependent on the financial stability of a single tenant at each property. The bankruptcy, insolvency, merger, lack of access to debt or equity capital or downturn in the business of, or a lease termination or election by a tenant not to renew could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our properties are primarily leased to single tenants or will derive a majority of their rental income from single tenants and, therefore, the success of those properties is materially dependent on the financial stability of the companies to which we have leased and/or who have guaranteed such leases. Lease payment defaults, including those caused by the current economic climate or tenant liquidity limitations resulting from adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, could cause us to reduce the amount of distributions we pay and/or force us to find an alternative source of revenue to meet a debt payment and prevent a foreclosure if the property secures a loan. In the event of a default under a lease, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-letting the property. If a lease is terminated or an existing tenant elects not to renew a lease upon its expiration, there is no assurance that we will be able to lease the property for the rent previously received or sell the property without incurring a loss. A default by a tenant, the failure of a guarantor to fulfill its obligations, a premature termination of a lease, or a tenant s election not to extend a lease upon its expiration, could have a material adverse effect on us. Additionally, in certain instances, we may enter into leases that do not include a credit party guaranty. Moreover, we can provide no assurance that our strategy of owning and operating industrial and office properties that are primarily leased to single tenants will be successful or that we will attain our investment and portfolio management objectives. Furthermore, although we have no current intention to do so, we may also invest in single-tenant, leased industrial and office properties outside of the United States and we can provide no assurance that we will have success in any such investments. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We currently rely on five tenants for approximately a quarter of our revenue and adverse effects to their business could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our five largest tenants, based on Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022, were Amazon located in Illinois, Ohio and Virginia (approximately 7.3 ), Keurig Dr. Pepper, located in Massachusetts (approximately 5.1 ), Wood Group located in Georgia, Ohio and Texas (approximately 4.5 ), Southern Company Services located in Texas (approximately 4.0 and LPL located in Alabama (approximately 3.8 ). The revenues generated by the properties leased and/or guaranteed by these companies are substantially reliant upon the financial condition of such companies and, accordingly, any event of bankruptcy, insolvency, or a general downturn in the business of any of these tenants may result in the failure or delay of such tenant s rental payments, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Approximately a quarter of the leases in our portfolio are scheduled to expire in the next four years, which may cause a loss in the value of our shareholders investment until the affected properties are re-leased, increase our exposure to downturns in the real estate market during the time that we are trying to re-lease such space, and increase our capital expenditure requirements during the re-leasing period, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our lease expirations by year based on Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Year of Lease Expiration (1) 
 Annualized Base Rent (unaudited) 
 Number of Leases Approx. Square Feet Percentage of Annualized Base Rent 2023 6,583 3 746,600 2.9 2024 24,003 11 2,357,400 10.7 2025 9,242 7 869,400 4.1 2026 12,567 4 1,449,100 5.6 2027 14,179 7 570,700 6.3 2028 20,990 14 2,233,700 9.4 >2029 136,378 41 10,763,600 61.0 Vacant 896,600 Total 223,942 87 19,887,100 100.0 
 (1) Expirations that occur on the last day of the month are shown as expiring in the subsequent month. 
 We may experience concentrations of lease expiration dates in the future. As the expiration date of a lease for a single-tenant building approaches, the value of the property generally declines because of the risk that the building may not be re-leased upon expiration of the existing lease or may not be re-leased on terms as favorable as those of the current lease(s). Therefore, if we were to liquidate any of these assets prior to the favorable re-leasing of the space, we may suffer a loss on our investment. Our shareholders may also suffer a loss (and a reduction in distributions) after the expiration of the applicable lease term if we are not able to re-lease such space on favorable terms. These expiring leases, therefore, increase our risk to real estate downturns during and approaching these periods of concentrated lease expirations. To meet our need for cash during these times, we may have to increase borrowings or reduce our distributions, or both. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our portfolio has geographic market concentrations that make us especially susceptible to adverse developments in those geographic markets. 
 In addition to general, regional, national and international economic conditions, our operating performance is impacted by the economic conditions of the specific geographic markets in which we have concentrations of properties. We have significant property concentrations based on Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 in Arizona (9.9 ), New Jersey (8.4 ), Texas (8.1 ), Massachusetts (7.4 ), and California (7.3 ). In the future, we may experience additional geographic concentrations, which could adversely affect our operating performance if conditions become less favorable in any of the states or markets within such states in which we have a concentration of properties. We cannot assure you that any of our markets will grow, not experience adverse developments or that such markets will not become less desirable to investors. Our operations may also be affected if competing properties are built in our markets. A downturn in the economy in the states or regions in which we have a concentration of properties, or markets within such states or regions, could adversely affect our tenants operating businesses in those states, impair their ability to pay rent to us and materially and adversely affect us. 
 We may be unable to fully benefit from increases in market rental rates because our leases typically are long-term, have initial lease term rent escalations that are fixed and some leases contain limitations on market rental rate resets upon renewal. 
 Based on Annualized Base Rent, as of December 31, 2022, our weighted average lease term was approximately 7.1 years and approximately 98.5 of our leases contained fixed rental rate increases during the initial lease term. By entering into longer term leases, we are subject to the risk during the initial term that we would not be able to increase our rental rates to market rental rates if prevailing rental rates have increased. In addition, during periods of high inflation, fixed rental rate increases subject us to the risk of receiving lower rental revenue than we otherwise would have been entitled to receive if the rental rate increases were based on an increase in the consumer price index over a specified period. In addition, our leases may contain provisions (including caps, collars, fixed increases, etc.) that may limit our ability to reset rental rates to market rental rates upon expiration of the initial lease term. Any inability to take advantage of increases in prevailing rental rates could adversely impact the value of our properties and on the market price of our common shares. 
 To the extent we are unable to pass along our property operating expenses to our tenants, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow, may be negatively impacted. 
 Operating expenses associated with owning a property typically include real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance, repair and renovation costs, the cost of compliance with governmental regulation (including zoning) and the potential for liability under applicable laws. We generally lease our properties to tenants pursuant to triple-net leases that require the tenant to pay 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 their proportionate share of substantially all such property operating expenses. However, on a limited basis we lease our properties to tenants pursuant to leases that do not pass along all such property operating expenses. We have mostly entered into leases pursuant to which we retain responsibility for the costs of structural repairs and maintenance. An increase in property operating expenses that we are unable to pass along to our tenants could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Similarly, vacancy in our portfolio would negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow, as we would be responsible for all property operating expenses that we have formerly passed on to our tenants. 
 
 Our real estate investments may include special use single tenant properties, and, as such, it may be difficult to re-lease or sell these properties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We focus our investments on industrial and office properties, a number of which may have special uses. Special use properties may be relatively illiquid compared to other types of real estate and financial assets. Upon expiration or early termination of a lease, this illiquidity could limit our ability to quickly change our portfolio in response to changes in economic, market or other conditions to an even greater extent than the typically illiquid nature of real estate assets. With these properties, we may be required to renovate or demolish a vacant property in order to try to re-lease or sell it, grant rent or other concessions and/or make significant capital expenditures to improve these properties in order to retain existing tenants. In addition, in the event we are forced to sell the property, we may have difficulty selling it to a party other than the company that has leased and/or guaranteed the lease of the property due to the special purpose for which the property may have been designed. These and other limitations could have a material adverse effect on us and may affect our ability to re-lease or sell these properties upon expiration or early termination of a lease, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We face significant competition for tenants, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. Furthermore, at the time we elect to dispose of our properties, we will also be in competition with sellers of similar properties to locate suitable purchasers for our properties. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The commercial real estate markets in which we operate are highly competitive. The leasing of real estate is also often highly competitive, and we may experience competition for tenants from owners and managers of competing properties. An oversupply of properties in the industries and geographies in which we concentrate could further increase competition. As a result, we may have to reduce our rental rates or to offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights, below-market renewal options or other lease incentive payments or we might not be able to timely lease the space. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates or to offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights, below-market renewal options or other lease incentives in order to retain tenants when our leases expire. Competition for companies that may lease or guarantee our properties could decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. Furthermore, at the time we elect to dispose of our properties, we will also be in competition with sellers of similar properties to locate suitable purchasers for our properties. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We depend on current key personnel for our future success, and the loss of such personnel or inability to attract and retain personnel could harm our business and the loss of services of one or more members of our executive management team, or our inability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business, diminish our investment opportunities and weaken our business relationships with lenders, business partners, companies that may lease or guarantee our properties and other industry participants, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure shareholders that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such skilled personnel. Our future success also depends upon the service of our executive management team, who we believe have extensive market knowledge and business relationships and will exercise substantial influence over the Company s operating, financing, acquisition and disposition activity. Among the reasons that they are important to our success is that we believe that each has a national or regional industry reputation that is expected to attract business and investment opportunities and assist us in negotiations with lenders, companies that may lease or guarantee our properties and other industry personnel. We believe that many of our other key personnel also have extensive experience and strong reputations in the industry. The loss of services of one or more members of our executive management team, or our inability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business and weaken our business relationships with lenders, business partners, companies that may lease or guarantee our properties and other industry participants, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 A cyber incident is any intentional or unintentional adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information resources and can include unauthorized persons gaining access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupting data or stealing confidential information. The risk of a cyber incident or disruption, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, information service interruptions and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks have increased globally. As our reliance on technology increases, so do the risks posed to our systems both internal and external. Our primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident are theft of assets; operational interruption; regulatory enforcement, lawsuits and other legal proceedings; damage to our relationships with our tenants; and private data exposure. A significant and extended disruption could damage our business or reputation, cause a loss of revenue, have an adverse effect on tenant relations, cause an unintended or unauthorized public disclosure, or lead to the misappropriation of proprietary, personally identifying, or confidential information, any of which could result in us incurring significant expenses to resolve these kinds of issues. Although we have implemented processes, procedures and controls based on published best practices cybersecurity controls to help mitigate the risks associated with a cyber incident, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient for all possible situations. Even security measures that are appropriate, reasonable and/or in accordance with applicable legal requirements may not be sufficient to protect the information we maintain. Unauthorized parties, whether within or outside the Company, may disrupt or gain access to our systems, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through human error, misfeasance, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceit, including break-ins, use of stolen credentials, social engineering, phishing, computer viruses or other malicious codes, and similar means of unauthorized and destructive tampering. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted cyber incidents evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, making it impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 If global market and economic conditions deteriorate, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Weak economic conditions generally, sustained uncertainty about global economic conditions, a tightening of credit markets, business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns and other similar factors that affect our tenants could negatively impact real estate fundamentals and result in lower occupancy, lower rental rates and declining values in our real estate portfolio. In particular, the recent failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, together with the impact such failures have had on other financial institutions, customers, vendors and depositors, could have significant adverse effects on economic conditions which could materially and adversely affect our business and operations. Additionally, these factors and conditions could have an impact on our lenders or tenants, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. No assurances can be given regarding such macroeconomic factors or conditions, and our ability to lease our properties and increase or maintain rental rates may be negatively impacted, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, and the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and another outbreak in the future could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic is negatively impacting many industries in the United States, directly or indirectly, including industries in which the Company and our tenants operate, which could result in a general decline in rents, an increased incidence of defaults under existing leases and negatively impact our ability to achieve new leases as existing leases expire. 
 The significance, extent, and duration of the overall operational and financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the continued severity, duration, transmission rate and geographic spread of COVID-19 in the United States, effectiveness and willingness of people to take COVID-19 vaccines, the duration of associated immunity and efficacy against emerging variants of COVID-19, the extent and effectiveness of other containment measures taken, and the response of the overall economy, the financial markets and the population, particularly in areas in which we operate. If we cannot operate our properties so as to meet our financial expectations, because of these or other risks, we may be prevented from growing the values of our properties and it may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our tenants and other business partners; however, any material effect on these parties could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Inflation may materially and adversely affect us and our tenants. 
 Increased inflation could have a negative impact on variable rate debt we currently have or that we may incur in the future. During times when inflation is greater than the increases in rent provided by many of our leases, rent increases in existing leases may not keep up with the rate of inflation. Also, increased costs may have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue, which may adversely affect the tenants ability to pay rent owed to us. 
 Corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social, and governance ESG factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 The importance of sustainability evaluations is becoming more broadly accepted by investors and shareholders. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk information to investors and shareholders have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon ESG or sustainability metrics. Many investment funds focus on positive ESG business practices and sustainability scores when making investments and may consider a company s sustainability score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. In addition, investors, particularly institutional investors, use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers, and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with companies to require improved ESG disclosure or performance. We may face reputational damage in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. A low sustainability score could result in a negative perception of the Company, or exclusion of our common shares from consideration by certain investors. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately and timely report our financial results. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, effectively prevent fraud and operate successfully. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. For so long as our common shares are not traded on a national securities exchange, we will be exempt from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and we can provide no assurance that the system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting that we perform to allow management to report on the effectiveness of such internal controls will be effective. Furthermore, as of the date of this filing, we have no operating history as a publicly traded company. We cannot assure you that the past experience of our executive management team will be sufficient to successfully operate our Company as a publicly traded company if the Listing occurs. Upon completion of the Listing, we will be required to comply with NYSE listing standards, and this transition could place a significant strain on our management systems, infrastructure and other resources. Failure to operate successfully as a publicly traded company would have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and market price of our common shares. 
 As a result of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies that may be identified in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may also identify certain deficiencies in some of our disclosure controls and procedures that we believe require remediation. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm discover any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, we will make efforts to further improve our internal control over financial reporting controls, but there is no assurance that we will be successful. Any failure to maintain effective controls or timely effect any necessary improvement of our internal control over financial reporting controls could harm operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. 
 A lack of research analyst coverage, including when we report our results of operations, could materially and adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common shares. 
 If the Listing occurs, we cannot assure you that research analysts will initiate or maintain research coverage of us or our common shares. Accordingly, it could be the case that research concerning our results of operations or the possible effects on us of significant news or a significant event will not be published or will be published on a delayed basis. A lack of research or the inability of certain research analysts to publish research relating to our results of operations or significant news or a significant event in a timely manner could materially and adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common shares following the Listing. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 Our operating results will be affected by economic and regulatory changes, such as inflation and rising interest rates, that have an adverse impact on the real estate market in general, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be profitable or that we will realize growth in the value of our real estate properties. 
 We own and operate real estate and face risks related to investments in real estate. As of December 31, 2022, our real estate portfolio included 81 properties in 24 states and 74 lessees. Our operating results will be subject to risks generally incident to the ownership of real estate. These include risks described elsewhere in this "Risk Factors" section and other risks, including the following: 
 the value of real estate fluctuates depending on conditions in the general economy and the real estate business. Additionally, adverse changes in these conditions may result in a decline in rental revenues, sales proceeds and occupancy levels at our properties and could have a material adverse effect on us. If rental revenues, sales proceeds and/or occupancy levels decline, we generally would expect to have less cash available to pay indebtedness and for distribution to shareholders; 
 it may be difficult to sell real estate quickly, or potential buyers of our properties may experience difficulty in obtaining financing, which may limit our ability to dispose of properties promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Additionally, we may be unable to identify, negotiate, finance or consummate dispositions of our properties, on favorable terms, or at all; 
 our properties may be subject to impairment losses, which could have a material adverse effect on us; 
 changes in tax, real estate, environmental or zoning laws and regulations; 
 changes in property tax assessments and insurance costs; 
 changes in interest rates and rising inflation; 
 the cost and availability of credit may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads, and our inability or the inability of our tenants to timely refinance maturing liabilities to meet liquidity needs could have a material adverse effect on us; and 
 we may from time to time be subject to litigation, which may significantly divert the attention and resources of the Company s management and result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, covered by insurance, and any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 These and other risks could have a material adverse effect on us and may prevent us from realizing value from our real estate properties. 
 We may not be able to control the extent of warranties and indemnities we may obtain when purchasing properties or that we are required to provide when disposing of properties. 
 The seller of a property will often seek to sell such property in its as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements typically contain limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing and subject to a floor and cap. Also, most sellers of large commercial properties are special purpose entities without assets other than the property itself and there is often no credit behind the surviving provisions of a purchase agreement. The purchase of properties by us with limited warranties and/or from undercapitalized sellers increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property as well as the loss of rental income from that property and could expose us to unknown liabilities. 
 As we look to dispose of certain properties, in some circumstances market conditions may impact the terms on which we are able to sell properties, which may require us to provide warranties, representations and covenants, and agree to 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 indemnification obligations or to retain certain liabilities, in order to complete such dispositions. As we complete property dispositions, the overall size of our post-closing indemnification and retained liability obligations to purchasers may increase, and no assurance can be given that such the extent of such indemnification obligations and retained liabilities will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may finance properties with lock-out provisions, which may prohibit us from selling a property, or may require us to maintain specified debt levels for a period of years on some properties. 
 Lock-out provisions are provisions that generally prohibit repayment of a loan balance for a certain number of years following the origination date of a loan. We may finance properties with lock-out provisions, which could materially restrict us from selling or otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties. These provisions would affect our ability to turn our investments into cash and thus affect cash available for distribution to our shareholders and may prohibit us from reducing the outstanding indebtedness with respect to any such properties by repaying or refinancing such indebtedness. Any mortgage debt that we place on our properties may also impose prepayment penalties. If a lender invokes these penalties, the cost to the Company to sell, repay or refinance the property could increase substantially. Lock-out provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control even though that disposition or change in control might be in our shareholders best interests. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance coverage, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We may suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance. There are types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. In addition, we may decide not to obtain, even though available, any or adequate earthquake or similar catastrophic insurance coverage because the premiums are too high. Generally, our leases require each tenant to procure, at its own expense, commercial general liability insurance, as well as property insurance covering the building for the full replacement value and naming the ownership entity and the lender, if applicable, as the additional insured on the policy. Separately, we obtain, to the extent available, contingent liability and property insurance and flood insurance, rent loss insurance covering at least one year of rental loss, and a pollution insurance policy for all of our properties. However, the coverage and amounts of our environmental and flood insurance policies may not be sufficient to cover our entire risk. We cannot assure shareholders that we will have adequate coverage for losses. If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance coverage, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We are subject to risks from climate change and natural disasters such as earthquakes and severe weather conditions. 
 Our properties are located in areas that may be subject to climate change and natural disasters, such as earthquakes and wildfires, and severe weather conditions. Climate change and natural disasters, including rising sea levels, flooding, extreme weather, and changes in precipitation and temperature, may result in physical damage to, or a total loss of, our properties located in areas affected by these conditions, including those in low-lying areas close to sea level, and/or decreases in demand, rent from, or the value of those properties. In addition, we may incur material costs to protect these properties, including increases in our insurance premiums as a result of the threat of climate change, or the effects of climate change, and may not be covered by our insurance policies. Furthermore, changes in federal and state legislation and regulations on climate change, including the increasing number of state and municipality laws and policies on climate change and emission reduction targets, could result in increased utility expenses and/or increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency and reduce carbon emissions of our properties in order to comply with such regulations or result in fines for non-compliance. 
 
 The extent of our casualty losses and loss in operating income in connection with such events is a function of the severity of the event and the total amount of exposure in the affected area. When we have a geographic concentration of exposures, a single catastrophe (such as an earthquake) affecting an area in which we have a significant concentration of properties, such as in Texas, California, Ohio, Arizona, Georgia, Illinois or New Jersey, could have a material adverse effect on us. We also own at least one property near an earthquake fault line. As a result, our operating and financial results may vary significantly from one period to the next, and our financial results may be adversely affected by our exposure to losses arising from climate change, natural disasters or severe weather conditions. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental matters and the ADA, may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and zoning and state and local fire and life safety requirements. 
 Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances. These laws often impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator was responsible for, or even knew of, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of investigating, removing or remediating these substances may be substantial, and the presence of these substances may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell the property or to borrow using the property as collateral and may expose us to liability resulting from any release of or exposure to these substances, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at another location, we may be liable for the costs of removing or remediating these substances at the disposal or treatment facility, whether or not the facility is owned or operated by us. We may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from a site that we own or operate. Certain environmental laws also impose liability in connection with the handling of or exposure to asbestos-containing materials, pursuant to which third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. We maintain a pollution insurance policy for all of our properties to insure against the potential liability of remediation and exposure risk. Compliance with current and future laws and regulations may require us to incur material expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants, owners or operators for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent or pledge such property as collateral for future borrowings. 
 Additionally, our tenants operations, the existing condition of land when we acquired it, operations in the vicinity of our properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our properties. There are various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations with which we may be required to comply, and that may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance, which could result in material expenditures. We cannot assure our shareholders that the independent third-party environmental assessments we obtain prior to acquiring any properties we purchase will reveal all environmental liabilities or that a prior owner of a property did not create a material environmental condition not known to us. 
 Under the ADA all public accommodations and commercial facilities are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The ADA generally requires that buildings and services, including restaurants and retail stores, be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The ADA s requirements could require removal of access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties, or, in some cases, an award of damages. We aim to own and operate properties that comply with the ADA or may place the burden on a third party to ensure compliance with the ADA. However, we cannot assure our shareholders that we will be able to allocate responsibilities in this manner. Failing to comply could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or an award of damages to private litigants. Although we diligence compliance with laws, including the ADA, when we acquire properties, we may incur additional costs to comply with the ADA or other regulations related to access by disabled persons. If required changes involve a greater amount of expenditures than we currently anticipate, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Furthermore, our properties may be subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as zoning and state and local fire and life safety requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of fines by governmental authorities or awards of damages to private litigants. Through our due diligence process and protections in our leases, we aim to own and operate properties that are in material compliance with all such regulatory requirements. However, we cannot assure our shareholders that these requirements will not be changed or that new requirements will not be imposed which would require significant unanticipated expenditures by us and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 If we sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, defaults by the purchasers could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 If we provide financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk that the purchaser may default, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Even in the absence of a purchaser default, the distribution of the proceeds of sales to our shareholders, or their reinvestment in other assets, will be delayed until the promissory notes or other property we may accept upon the sale are actually paid, sold, refinanced or otherwise disposed of. In some cases, we may receive initial down payments in cash and other property in the year of sale in an amount less than the selling price and subsequent payments will be spread over a number of years. If any purchaser defaults under a financing arrangement with us, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 If we breach covenants under our unsecured credit agreement with KeyBank and other syndication partners, we could be held in default under such agreement, which could accelerate our repayment date could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 If we were to default under our credit agreement, the lenders would have the ability to immediately declare the loans due and payable in whole or in part. In such event, we may not have sufficient available cash to repay such debt at the time it becomes due, or be able to refinance such debt on acceptable terms or at all. Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 30, 2019 (as amended, the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ), with KeyBank, National Association KeyBank ), as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders, we, through our Operating Partnership, as the borrower, have a 1.3 billion credit facility consisting of a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility maturing in September 2023 with (subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions) a series of three-month extension options, and if the Subsequent Extension (as defined below) is exercised, an additional extension to January 2026, a delayed draw 400 million senior unsecured term loan maturing in December 2025 (the 400M 5-Year Term Loan 2025 ), and a 150 million senior unsecured term loan maturing in April 2026 (the 150M 7-Year Term Loan (collectively, the KeyBank Loans ). The credit facility also provides the option, subject to obtaining additional commitments from lenders and certain other customary conditions, to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, increase the existing term loans and/or incur new term loans by up to an additional 1.0 billion in the aggregate. In addition to customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnities, the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains a number of financial covenants as described in Note 5, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We have broad authority to incur debt, and our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We have broad authority to incur debt. High debt levels would cause us to incur higher interest charges, which would result in higher debt service payments, and could be accompanied by restrictive covenants. 
 Our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on us, as well as: 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 
 requiring the use of an increased portion of our cash flow from operations for the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate requirements; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 
 putting us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness; and 
 limiting our ability to access capital markets or limiting the possibility of a listing on a national securities exchange. 
 We have placed, and may continue to place, permanent financing on our properties or increase our credit facility or other similar financing arrangement in order to acquire properties. We may also decide to later further leverage our properties or to rely on securitization vehicles. We may borrow funds for any purposes related to our business. A shortfall between the cash flow from our properties and the cash flow needed to service debt could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 If the Listing occurs, approximately 67.7 million (or approximately 4.5 of our debt is scheduled to mature in 2023 and 2024. If we are unable to refinance our existing debt or obtain new debt to replace such maturing debt, would have to use cash on hand to repay such debt at maturity, and we may not have sufficient cash available to repay such debt at maturity. In that event, we could default under the associated loan agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Under the terms of our existing debt instruments, we have 37.1 million of debt scheduled to mature in 2023. Additionally, under the terms of our existing debt instruments, if the Listing occurs, we have 30.6 million of debt scheduled to mature in 2024. The credit markets have experienced dislocation in recent months and owners of office assets have experienced particular challenges in refinancing existing debt and in obtaining new debt. Our business depends on the availability of credit. If we are unable to refinance our existing debt or obtain new debt to replace such maturing debt, we would have to use cash on hand to repay such debt at maturity, and we may not have sufficient cash available to repay such debt at maturity. In that event, we could default under the associated loan agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We have incurred, and intend to continue to incur, indebtedness secured by our properties. If we are unable to make our debt payments when required, a lender could foreclose on the property or properties securing such debt, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Some of our borrowings to acquire properties will be secured by mortgages on our properties, and we may in the future rely on securitization vehicles. In addition, some of our properties contain mortgage financing. If we default on our secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and we could lose our entire investment in the properties securing such loan or vehicle, which could have a material adverse effect on us. To the extent lenders require us to cross-collateralize our properties, or provisions in our loan documents contain cross-default provisions, a default under a single loan agreement could subject multiple properties to foreclosure. Foreclosures of one or more of our properties could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our shareholders at our current level or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. 
 When providing financing, a lender could impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional debt, including customary restrictive covenants, that, among other things, restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, to engage in material asset sales, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, to make capital expenditures, and to make special distributions. In certain cases we are required to and maintain certain specified financial ratios. Loan documents we enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the property or discontinue insurance coverage. These or other limitations may adversely affect our flexibility and limit our ability to make distributions to shareholders at our current level or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to make distributions to shareholders at our current level or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We expect that we will incur indebtedness in the future. Interest we pay on our indebtedness will reduce cash available for distribution. Additionally, if we incur variable rate debt, increases in interest rates would increase our interest costs could reduce our cash flows and our ability to make distributions to shareholders at our current level. In addition, if we need to repay existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments in properties at times that may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our common shares and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code impose certain restrictions on our ability to utilize hedges, swaps and other types of derivatives to hedge our liabilities. Subject to these restrictions, we have entered, and may continue to enter into, hedging transactions to protect ourselves from the effects of interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt. Our hedging transactions include entering into interest rate swap agreements. These agreements involve risks, such as the risk that such arrangements would not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes or that a court could rule that such an agreement is not legally enforceable. In addition, interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates, which could reduce the overall returns on our investments. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. In addition, while such agreements would be intended to lessen the impact of rising interest rates on us, they 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 could also expose us to the risk that the other parties to the agreements would not perform, and that the hedging arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. Should we desire to terminate a hedging agreement, there could be significant costs and cash requirements involved to fulfill our obligation under the hedging agreement. 
 A substantial portion of our indebtedness transitioned to interest at variable rates based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), yet certain of our financial contracts continue to be indexed to US Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). Changes in the method of determining LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate such as SOFR, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 On March 5, 2021, LIBOR s regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority, and administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration, Limited, announced that the publication of the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR maturities and non-USD LIBOR maturities will cease immediately after December 31, 2021, with the remaining USD LIBOR maturities ceasing immediately after June 30, 2023. In the U.S., the Alternative Rates Reference Committee, a group of market participants convened in 2014 to help ensure a successful transition away from USD LIBOR, has identified SOFR as its preferred alternative rate. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. Liquidity in SOFR-linked products has increased significantly this year after the implementation of the SOFR First best practice as recommended by the Market Risk Advisory Committee of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 We have interest swap agreements with a total notional amount of 750 million that currently use LIBOR as a reference rate and extend past June 30, 2023. Our term loans and credit facilities have transitioned to using SOFR as a reference rate. The use of SOFR based rates may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher or lower than the rates and payments that we previously experienced when referenced to LIBOR. SOFR is a relatively new reference rate, has a very limited history and is based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. Changes in SOFR could be volatile and difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform similarly to the way LIBOR would have performed at any time. As a result, the amount of interest we may pay on our credit facilities is difficult to predict. We have entered into LIBOR-based interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to interest rate movements under certain of our variable-rate debt obligations. Using SOFR as the basis on which interest on our variable-rate debt and/or under our interest rate swaps is calculated may result in interest rates and/or payments that do not directly correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been made on our obligations if LIBOR was available in its current form. 
 The potential effect of the replacement of LIBOR on our cost of capital cannot yet be determined. We can provide no assurance regarding the future of LIBOR and when our LIBOR-based instruments will transition from LIBOR as a reference rate to SOFR or another reference rate. The discontinuation of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, changes in a benchmark rate or other financial metric, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, including LIBOR, could, among other things, result in increased interest payments, changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. In addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with contract negotiations. 
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Risks 
 Failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions because we would incur additional tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We believe we operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Code. Qualification as a REIT involves highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. Our qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet, through investments, actual operating results, distributions and satisfaction of specific shareholder rules, and various other requirements imposed by the Code. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at corporate rates. In addition, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of losing our REIT status. Losing our REIT status would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to shareholders because of the additional tax liability. If this occurs, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax. In addition, distributions to our shareholders would no longer qualify for the dividends paid deduction, and we would no longer be required to make distributions. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Qualification as a REIT is subject to the satisfaction of tax requirements and various factual matters and circumstances that are not entirely within our control. New legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations, or court decisions could change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of being a REIT. Our failure to continue to qualify as a REIT could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 To qualify as a REIT, and to avoid the payment of U.S. federal income and excise taxes and maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds, use proceeds from the issuance of securities, or sell assets to pay distributions, which may result in our distributing amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we will be required each year to distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, generally determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding net capital gains. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which dividends we pay with respect to any taxable year are less than the sum of (i) 85 of our ordinary income, (ii) 95 of our capital gain net income, and (iii) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. These requirements could cause us to distribute amounts that otherwise would be spent on the acquisition, maintenance or development of properties and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds, use proceeds from the issuance of securities, or sell assets in order to distribute enough of our taxable income to maintain our REIT status and to avoid the payment of U.S. federal income and excise taxes. We may be required to make distributions to our shareholders at times it would be more advantageous to reinvest cash in our business or when we do not have cash readily available for distribution, and we may be forced to liquidate assets on terms and at times unfavorable to us, which could have a material adverse effect on us. These methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash. In addition, such distributions may constitute a return of capital. 
 If our Operating Partnership fails to maintain its status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its income would be subject to taxation and our REIT status could be terminated. 
 We intend to maintain the status of our Operating Partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, if the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of our Operating Partnership as a partnership, it would be taxable as a corporation. In such event, this would reduce the amount of distributions that our Operating Partnership could make. This would also result in our losing REIT status and becoming subject to a corporate level tax on our income. This would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the return on our shareholders investment, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, if any of the entities through which our Operating Partnership owns its properties, in whole or in part, loses its characterization as an entity disregarded from its parent, a REIT or a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the underlying entity could become subject to taxation as a corporation, thereby reducing distributions to our Operating Partnership and jeopardizing our ability to maintain REIT status. 
 In certain circumstances, even if we qualify as a REIT, we and our subsidiaries may be subject to certain federal, state, and other income taxes, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our shareholders and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on our income and assets, including taxes and undistributed income, built in gain tax on the taxable sale of assets, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and non-U.S., state or local income, property and transfer taxes. Moreover, if we have net income from prohibited transactions , that income will be subject to a 100 tax. In addition, we could, in certain circumstances, be required to pay an excise or penalty tax (which could be significant in amount) in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Code to maintain our qualification as a REIT. We may also decide to retain income we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on such income. In that event, our shareholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, our shareholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability. We may also be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly or at the level of our Operating Partnership or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets. In particular, we will be subject to U.S. federal and state income tax (and any applicable non-U.S. taxes) on the income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Any U.S. or federal, state or other taxes we pay will reduce our cash available for distribution to our shareholders and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We may be required to pay some taxes due to actions of our taxable REIT subsidiaries, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our shareholders and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Any net taxable income earned directly by our taxable REIT subsidiaries, or through entities that are disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes as entities separate from our taxable REIT subsidiaries, will be subject to U.S. federal and possibly state corporate income tax. We have elected to treat Griffin Capital Essential Asset TRS, Inc. as a taxable REIT subsidiary, and we may elect to treat other subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. In this regard, several provisions of the laws applicable to REITs and their subsidiaries ensure that a taxable REIT subsidiary will be subject to an appropriate level of U.S. federal income taxation. For example, a taxable REIT subsidiary is limited in its ability to deduct certain interest payments made to an affiliated REIT. In addition, the REIT has to pay a 100 penalty tax on some payments that it receives or on some deductions taken by a taxable REIT subsidiary if the economic arrangements between the REIT, the REIT s customers, and the taxable REIT subsidiary are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. To the extent that we and our affiliates are required to pay U.S. federal, state and local taxes, we will have less cash available for distributions to our shareholders. 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our shareholders and the ownership of our common shares. We may be required to make distributions to shareholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, or we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments in order to comply with the REIT tests, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 To the extent our distributions represent a return of capital for tax purposes, a shareholder could recognize an increased capital gain upon a subsequent sale of the shareholder s common shares. 
 Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and not treated by us as a dividend will not be taxable to a shareholder to the extent those distributions do not exceed the shareholder s adjusted tax basis in his or her common shares, but instead will constitute a return of capital and will reduce such adjusted basis. (Such distributions to non-U.S. shareholders may be subject to withholding, which may be refundable.) If distributions exceed such adjusted basis, then such adjusted basis will be reduced to zero and the excess will be capital gain to the shareholder (assuming such shares are held as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes). If distributions result in a reduction of a shareholder s adjusted basis in his or her common shares, then subsequent sales of such shareholder s common shares potentially will result in recognition of an increased capital gain. 
 Legislation that modifies the rules applicable to partnership tax audits may affect us. 
 Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, liability is imposed on the partnership (rather than its partners) for adjustments to reported partnership taxable income resulting from audits or other tax proceedings. The liability can include an imputed underpayment of tax, calculated by using the highest marginal U.S. federal income tax rate, as well as interest and penalties on such imputed underpayment of tax. It is possible that the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 rules could result in partnerships in which we directly or indirectly invest (including our Operating Partnership) being required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though we may have not been a partner in the partnership during the year to which the audit relates and we, as a REIT, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes as a result of the related audit adjustment. Using certain rules, partnerships may be able to transfer these liabilities to their partners. In the event any adjustments are imposed by the IRS on the taxable income reported by any subsidiary partnerships, we intend to utilize certain rules to the extent possible to allow us to transfer any liability with respect to such adjustments to the partners of the subsidiary partnerships who should properly bear such liability. However, there is no assurance that we will qualify under those rules or that we will have the authority to use those rules under the operating agreements for certain of our subsidiary partnerships. 
 The changes created by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 rules are sweeping. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these changes and their potential impact on their investment in our common shares. 
 Legislative or regulatory tax changes related to REITs could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 The U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations governing REITs and their shareholders, as well as the administrative interpretations of those laws and regulations, are constantly under review and may be changed at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. No assurance can be given as to whether, when, or in what form, the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 to us and our shareholders may be enacted. Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations of U.S. federal tax laws could adversely affect an investment in our common shares. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned a fee simple interest and a leasehold interest in 75 and 6 properties, respectively, encompassing approximately 19.9 million rentable square feet. See Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed listing of our properties. See Note 5 , Debt, to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about our indebtedness secured by our properties. 
 Revenue Concentration 
 No lessee or property, based on Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to the respective in-place leases, was greater than 7.3 as of December 31, 2022. 
 The percentage of Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022, by state, based on the respective in-place leases, is as follows (dollars in thousands): State Annualized Base Rent 
 (unaudited) 
 Number of 
 Properties (2) 
 Percentage of Annualized Base Rent Arizona 22,069 7 9.9 New Jersey 18,862 5 8.4 Texas 18,212 6 8.1 Massachusetts 16,673 5 7.4 California 16,450 4 7.3 Colorado 16,060 6 7.2 Ohio 13,023 5 5.8 South Carolina 11,843 4 5.3 Alabama 11,153 2 5.0 Virginia 10,374 3 4.6 All Others (1) 
 69,223 34 31.0 Total 223,942 81 100.0 
 (1) All others account for 4.0 or less of total Annualized Base Rent on an individual state basis. 
 (2) Includes properties held for sale and sold subsequent to year-end; excludes properties in the Office Joint Venture. 
 The percentage of Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022, by industry, based on the respective in-place leases, is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Industry (1)(3) 
 Annualized Base Rent 
 (unaudited) 
 Number of Lessees Percentage of Annualized Base Rent Capital Goods 34,218 15 15.3 Consumer Services 21,199 5 9.5 Materials 19,816 5 8.8 Food, Beverage Tobacco 16,455 3 7.3 E-Commerce 16,312 1 7.3 Energy 15,895 3 7.1 Health Care Equipment Services 13,825 6 6.2 Commercial Professional Services 12,401 7 5.5 Consumer Durables Apparel 11,751 4 5.2 Utilities 11,085 2 4.9 All others (2) 
 50,985 23 22.9 Total 223,942 74 100.0 
 (1) Industry classification based on the Global Industry Classification Standard. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 (2) All others account for 4.3 or less of total Annualized Base Rent on an individual industry basis. 
 (3) Includes properties held for sale and sold subsequent to year-end; excludes properties in the Office Joint Venture. 
 The percentage of Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022, for the top 10 tenants, based on the respective in-place leases, is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Tenant (1) 
 Annualized Base Rent 
 (unaudited) 
 Percentage of Annualized Base Rent Amazon 16,312 7.3 Keurig Dr. Pepper 11,419 5.1 Wood Group 10,050 4.5 Southern Company Services 9,043 4.0 LPL 8,552 3.8 Freeport McMoRan 7,867 3.5 Maxar Technologies 7,535 3.4 RH 7,340 3.3 Wyndham Hotels Resorts 7,265 3.2 McKesson 5,973 2.7 
 (1) Excludes properties in the Office Joint Venture. 
 The tenant lease expirations by year based on Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Year of Lease Expiration (1)(2) 
 Annualized Base Rent (unaudited) 
 Number of Leases Approx. Square Feet Percentage of Annualized Base Rent 2023 6,583 3 746,600 2.9 2024 24,003 11 2,357,400 10.7 2025 9,242 7 869,400 4.1 2026 12,567 4 1,449,100 5.6 2027 14,179 7 570,700 6.3 2028 20,990 14 2,233,700 9.4 >2028 136,378 41 10,763,600 61.0 Vacant 896,600 Total 223,942 87 19,887,100 100.0 
 (1) Expirations that occur on the last day of the month are shown as expiring in the subsequent month. 
 (2) Includes properties held for sale and sold subsequent to year-end; excludes properties in the Office Joint Venture. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may become subject to legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not a party to any material legal proceedings, nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation that would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition should such litigation be resolved unfavorably. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 
 As of March 24, 2023 , we had approximately 62,124 Class T common shares, 200 Class S common shares, 4,668 Class D common shares, 212,424 Class I common shares, 2,714,120 Class A common shares, 5,272,834 Class AA common shares, 102,993 Class AAA common shares and 27,629,649 Class E common shares outstanding, including common shares issued pursuant to our DRP and share distributions held by a total of approximately 58,000 shareholders of record. There is currently no established public trading market for our common shares. Therefore, if the proposed Listing is not completed, there is a risk that a shareholder may not be able to sell our shares at a time or price acceptable to the shareholder, or at all. 
 Pursuant to the terms of our charter, certain restrictions are imposed on the ownership and transfer of shares. 
 As described in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we expect to pay distributions regularly unless our results of operations, our general financial condition, general economic conditions, or other factors inhibit us from doing so. Distributions will be authorized at the discretion of our Board, which will be directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no sales of unregistered securities. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Prior to its suspension in February 2023 in anticipation of the proposed Listing, the Company had adopted the SRP that enabled shareholders to sell their shares to the Company in limited circumstances. The SRP was suspended on October 1, 2021 but resumed on a limited basis on August 5, 2022 (i.e., limited to redemptions in connection with a holder s death, disability or incompetence) with the cap on quarterly redemptions tied to a dollar amount to be set by the Board and disclosed by the Company. Quarterly redemptions were capped at 5 million (or some other quarterly or annual amount determined by the Board and announced at least 10 business days before the applicable redemption date). In addition, during any calendar year, with respect to each share class, the Company was permitted to redeem no more than 5 of the weighted-average number of shares of such class outstanding during the prior calendar year. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed shares under the SRP as follows : 
 For the Month Ended Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 31, 2022 November 30, 2022 8,633 66.60 December 31, 2022 66,247 66.78 (1) 
 (1) For a description of the maximum number of shares that may be purchased under our SRP, see Note 9, Equity , to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 Peakstone Realty Trust is an internally managed, publicly registered real estate investment trust REIT that owns and operates a high-quality, newer-vintage portfolio of predominantly single-tenant industrial and office properties. These assets are generally leased to creditworthy tenants under long-term net lease agreements with contractual rent escalations. The Company s wholly-owned portfolio contains properties with key characteristics, including difficult-to-replicate locations and significant tenant investment in the building, which the Company believes make these properties more essential to the tenants. Nearly 75 of the Annualized Base Rent (as defined below) from our wholly-owned portfolio is generated from properties located in coastal and sun belt markets, areas where we believe demographic drivers such as strong median household income and educational attainment create a more favorable economic backdrop. 
 
 The Company, founded in 2009 and headquartered in Los Angeles, California, is led by an experienced, cycle-tested management team that, through equity ownership, is financially aligned with shareholders. Our executive management team has an average of approximately 34 years of commercial real estate experience and decades of experience operating public companies. In addition to the executive team, the Company s nine senior real estate professionals average approximately 23 years of experience, and the entire senior real estate team has averaged nine years of experience working together. The team has extensive knowledge of the Company s existing portfolio and has nurtured a broad network of long-standing industry relationships, especially in the markets where the Company s properties are located. 
 
 On March 1, 2021, we completed our acquisition of Cole Office Industrial REIT (CCIT II), Inc. for approximately 1.3 billion, including transaction costs, in a stock-for-stock transaction. On July 1, 2021, we changed our name from Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc. to Griffin Realty Trust, Inc. and our operating partnership changed its name from Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership L.P. to GRT OP, L.P. 
 On August 26, 2022, we completed the Office Portfolio Sale for a sale price of approximately 1.1 billion. On December 27, 2022, we completed the Companion Office Portfolio Sale, for a sale price of approximately 170.4 million. 
 On February 21, 2023, we announced our intention to list our common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the Listing ). We expect the Listing to occur on or about April 13, 2023, subject to, among other things, obtaining approval from the NYSE to list our common shares. 
 In connection with the Office Portfolio Sale, we invested 159.9 million for a 49 interest in the Office Joint Venture in which we are a member. In connection with the Companion Office Portfolio Sale, we invested an additional 24.3 million in the Office Joint Venture. Our obligation to the Office Joint Venture is generally limited to such investments, and we are not obligated to make any capital contributions. The Office Joint Venture, through various subsidiary borrowers, obtained acquisition financing for the Office Portfolio Sale comprised of (a) a 736.0 million mortgage loan (the Mortgage Loan ), and (b) a 194.8 million mezzanine loan (the Mezzanine Loan , and together with the Mortgage Loan, the Office JV Loans ). The initial maturity date of the Office JV Loans is September 9, 2023, subject to two, one-year extension options. The interest rates during the initial term of the Mortgage Loan and the Mezzanine Loan are Term SOFR (1-month) (with a 3 interest rate cap on SOFR) + 3.635 (subject to a 0.25 increase during each extension term) and Term SOFR (1-month) with a 3 interest rate cap on SOFR + 6.574 (subject to a 0.25 increase during each extension term), respectively. 
 
 The Office Joint Venture, through various subsidiary borrowers, also obtained acquisition financing for the Companion Office Portfolio Sale comprised of a 142.1 million mortgage loan, having an initial maturity date of January 6, 2024 (subject to two, one-year extension options), and an interest rate during the initial term of Term SOFR (1-month) with a 4 interest rate cap on SOFR + 4.25 (subject to a 0.25 increase during each extension term). We have not guaranteed any debt obligations and have not otherwise committed to providing financial support in respect of the debt. In addition, we do not anticipate receiving any near-term cash flow distributions. Considering our limited economic exposure to the Office Joint Venture, we exclude interests in the assets in the Office Joint Venture from operating data (including annualized base rent and leasing and occupancy percentages). 
 In connection with the Office JV Loans, our Operating Partnership and GRT VAO Sub entered into a certain Put Agreement with JPM, pursuant to which JPM had the right to put to our Operating Partnership and GRT VAO Sub a portion of 
 32 

the Mezzanine Interest. On September 29, 2022, JPM sold to GRT VAO Sub the Mezzanine Interest for approximately 34.4 million, which was included in the line item Investments in unconsolidated entities in the consolidated balance sheets. On December 23, 2022, we sold the Mezzanine Interest for 31.0 million and recorded a loss of approximately 3.6 million, which includes accrued interest and is presented in the Net loss from investment in unconsolidated entities in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our wholly owned properties consisted of 81 properties in 24 states and excludes the properties included in the Office Joint Venture, as discussed above. Our Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 223.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was approximately 95.5 leased (based on square footage) and 94.8 occupied (based on square footage) with a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.11 years, and had a weighted average annual rent increases of approximately 2.0 . Approximately 61.5 of our Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 is expected to be generated by properties leased and/or guaranteed, directly or indirectly, by companies that have investment grade credit ratings or what management believes are generally equivalent ratings. Management can provide no assurance as to the comparability of these ratings methodologies or that any particular rating for a company is indicative of the rating that a single Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization NRSRO would provide in the event that it rated all companies for which the Company provides credit ratings; to the extent such companies are rated only by non-NRSRO ratings providers, such ratings providers may use methodologies that are different and less rigorous than those applied by NRSROs; moreover, because we provide credit ratings for some companies that are non-guarantor parents of our tenants, such credit ratings may not be indicative of the creditworthiness of the relevant tenants. 
 Outlook 
 Demand for office space nationwide has declined and may continue to decline due to the current economic downturn, r ecent and ongoing disruption in the debt and banking markets, bankruptcies, downsizing, layoffs, government regulations and restrictions on travel and permitted businesses operations that may be extended in duration and become recurring, increased usage of teleworking arrangements and cost cutting resulting from the pandemic, which could lead to lower office occupancy. We expect such decline in demand for office space to have a negative impact on our ability to renew and replace office leases as they expire, including office leases in more than a quarter of leases in our portfolio (as a percentage of Annualized Base Rent) that are scheduled to expire in the next three years. See Revenue Concentration above and Results of Operations - Outlook below. Further, our ability to sell our office assets may be limited in the current economic climate. 
 
 While we did not incur significant disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended December 31, 2022, we are unable to predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic and associated hybrid work practices will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties. As of March 15, 2023, we have receiv ed approximately 100 of our portfolio rent payments for the full year 2022 and January and February 2023. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We have established accounting estimates which conform to GAAP in the United States as contained in the FASB ASC. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to the various transactions had been different, it is possible that different estimates would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may use different estimates and assumptions that may impact the comparability of our financial condition and results of operations to those companies. 
 The following critical accounting estimates discussion reflects what we believe are the most significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or our results of operations. This discussion of our critical accounting estimates is intended to supplement the description of our accounting policies in the footnotes to our consolidated financial statements and to provide additional insight into the information used by management when evaluating significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments. For further discussion on our significant accounting policies, see Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Real Estate - Valuation and Purchase Price Allocation 
 When we acquire operating properties, we allocate the purchase price on an asset acquisition to the various components of the acquisition based upon the relative fair value of each component. The components typically include land, building and improvements, tenant improvements, intangible assets related to above and below market leases, intangible assets related to in- 
 33 

place leases, debt and other assumed assets and liabilities. Transaction costs are capitalized as a component of the cost of the asset acquisition. 
 We allocate the purchase price to the relative fair value of the tangible assets of a property by valuing the property as if it were vacant. This as-if vacant value is estimated using an income, or discounted cash flow, approach that relies upon Level 3 inputs, which are unobservable inputs based on our assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use. These Level 3 inputs include discount rates, capitalization rates, market rents and comparable sales data for similar properties. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors, including historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. 
 In determining the relative fair value of intangible lease assets or liabilities, we also consider Level 3 inputs. Acquired above- and below-market leases are valued based on the present value of the difference between prevailing market rates and the in-place rates measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases, if applicable. The estimated relative fair value of acquired in-place at-market tenant leases are the costs that would have been incurred to lease the property to the occupancy level of the property at the date of acquisition. Such estimates include the value associated with leasing commissions, legal and other costs, as well as the estimated period necessary to lease such property that would be incurred to lease the property to its occupancy level at the time of its acquisition. Acquisition costs associated with an asset acquisition are capitalized as a component of the transaction. 
 The difference between the fair value and the face value of debt assumed in connection with an acquisition is recorded as a premium or discount and amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt assumed. The valuation of assumed liabilities is based on our estimate of the current market rates for similar liabilities in effect at the acquisition date. 
 For acquisitions that do not meet the accounting criteria of an asset acquisition, acquisition costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Impairment of Real Estate and Related Intangible Assets and Liabilities 
 We continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate and related intangible assets may not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment are present that indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate and related intangible assets may not be recoverable, management will assess the recoverability of the assets by determining whether the carrying value of the assets will be recovered through the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the assets and the eventual disposition. If, based on this analysis, we do not believe that we will be able to recover the carrying value of the asset, we will record an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. 
 Projections of expected future undiscounted cash flows require management to estimate future market rental income amounts subsequent to the expiration of current lease agreements, property operating expenses, discount rates, the number of months it takes to re-lease the property and the number of years the property is held for investment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the preparation and review of the Company's financial statements, we recorded an impairment provision related to the building and land on eleven office properties. See Note 3, Real Estate, to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 Goodwill arises from business combinations and represents the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net fair value amounts that were assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. The Company recorded goodwill as a result of the transaction that resulted in the internalization of GRT management in December 2018 Self-Administration Transaction ). 
 The Company s goodwill has an indeterminate life and is not amortized, but is tested for impairment on an annual basis for each reporting unit, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset is more likely than not impaired. On October 1st of each period, the Company performs a qualitative analysis to determine whether an impairment of goodwill exists prior to quantitatively determining the fair value of the reporting units in step one of the impairment test. If a quantitative assessment is deemed necessary, and to the extent the carrying amount of the reporting unit s allocated goodwill exceeds the unit s fair value, the Company recognizes an impairment of goodwill for the excess up to the amount of goodwill of that reporting unit. 
 34 

Due to the Company s operating segment realignment in the fourth quarter of 2022 (refer to Segment Information within the Results of Operations below), the composition of its reporting units for the evaluation of goodwill impairment was changed and resulted in a quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment. Prior to the change, the Company tested the goodwill for impairment at the previous single reporting unit, which did not result in any impairment charge. Goodwill is now allocated across all three of the Company s Office, Industrial, and Other reporting units on a relative fair value basis, which is determined as the fair value of assets less liabilities for each reporting unit. Given this method, the fair value of real estate assets and mortgage loans included within each reporting unit were the significant components in determining relative fair value. The Company estimated the fair value of real estate assets using a discounted cash flow model, including forecasted future cash flows based on significant assumptions such as market rent, and the determination of appropriate discount and terminal capitalization rates. The Company estimated the fair value of the mortgage loans in each reporting unit by discounting each loan s principal balance over the remaining term of the mortgage using current borrowing rates available to the Company for debt instruments with similar terms and maturities. The Company determined that the amounts within the consolidated financial statements for the remaining assets and liabilities approximated fair value. For any corporate related amounts that were not specifically identifiable to any reporting unit, the Company allocated those amounts on a relative fair value basis using the specifically identified assets and liabilities. 
 As a result of the quantitative assessment as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the office reporting unit was less than the carrying amount, especially given the general decline in overall demand for office assets. Thus, the Company recorded a 135.3 million goodwill impairment, which represents the entire amount of goodwill allocated to the office segment. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 Our ability to re-lease space subject to expiring leases will impact our results of operations and is affected by economic and competitive conditions in our markets. Leases that comprise approximately a quarter of the leases in our portfolio are scheduled to expire in the next three years, including approximately 2.9 , 10.7 and 4.1 of our Annualized Base Rent expiring in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We ass ume, based upon internal renewal probability estimates, that some of our tenants will renew and others will vacate and the associated space will be re-let subject to market leasing assumptions. 
 Segment Information 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company evolved the management strategy of its real estate portfolio to focus on three different property types in order to maximize the value of the assets within each group. As a result, the Company changed to three reportable segments: Industrial, Office, and Other. The Industrial segment consists of high-quality, well-located industrial properties with modern specifications. The Office segment consists of newer, high-quality, and business-essential office properties. The Other segment consists of vacant and non-core properties, together with other properties in the same cross-collateralized loan pools. This segment includes properties that are either non-stabilized, leased to tenants with shorter lease terms or are being evaluated for repositioning, re-leasing or potential sale. The Company recast its segment results for all prior periods presented to show the three reportable segments. 
 Recent Developments 
 The following are significant developments in our business during 2022 and since the end of 2022: 
 On August 26, 2022, we sold a 41-property office portfolio located across the continental United States as part of the Office Portfolio Sale for a sale price of 1.1 billion, less closing costs and other closing credits. In connection with the sale, we entered into the Office Joint Venture, in which we own a minority interest in the 41-property portfolio (see Note 4, Investment in Unconsolidated Entities to the consolidated financial statements ; 
 Upon the closing of the Office Portfolio Sale, we repaid approximately 1.0 billion of outstanding debt primarily from the proceeds of property sales during the year; 
 35 

On September 23, 2022, we sold one property in Phoenix, Arizona for a sale price of 93.0 million, less closing costs and other closing credits; 
 On September 28, 2022, we executed a fifth amendment to our existing credit agreement, which extended the maturity date from September 28, 2022 to September 2023 (see Liquidity and Capital Resource section); 
 On September 29, 2022, in connection with the Office JV Loans, we purchased an interest in the Mezzanine Loan for 34.4 million; 
 On November 30, 2022, we executed a sixth amendment to our existing credit agreement, which amended the covenant regarding Tangible Net Worth (see Liquidity and Capital Resourc e section); 
 On December 22, 2022, we sold one property located in Birmingham, Alabama for total proceeds of 33.3 million, less closing costs and other credits; 
 On December 23, 2022, we sold the Mezzanine Interest, which we purchased for 34.4 million, for 31.0 million; 
 On December 27, 2022, we sold a five-property office portfolio for a sale price of 170.4 million and purchased additional interest in the Office Joint Venture (see Note 4, Investment in Unconsolidated Entities to the consolidated financial statements ). 
 On January 6, 2023, we sold one property located in Irvine, California for approximately 40.0 million, less closing costs and other credits; 
 On February 16, 2023, we sold one property located in Clinton, South Carolina for approximately 19.3 million, less closing costs and other credits; 
 On March 2, 2023, we sold one property located in Herndon, Virginia for approximately 110.3 million, less closing costs and other credits; 
 On March 21, 2023, we further extended the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility through January 2026, subject to, among other things, the Company completing a listing of its common shares on the New York Stock Exchange; and 
 In connection with the Revolving Credit Facility extension, we prepaid the outstanding principal balance 400,000,000) of our 2024 Term Loan by drawing on our revolver. 
 Same Store Analysis 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our "Same Store" portfolio consisted of 63 properties, encompassing approximately 16.9 million square feet, with an acquisition value of 2.5 billion and Annualized Base Rent as of December 31, 2022 was 167.7 million. Our Same Store portfolio includes properties which were held for a full period for all periods presented. The following table provides a comparative summary of the results of operations for the 63 properties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Rental income 214,702 206,016 8,686 4 Property operating expense 21,793 20,830 963 5 Property tax expense 17,424 16,248 1,176 7 
 Rental Income 
 The following table provides summary information for our Same Store portfolio revenues, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 36 

Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Rental income Industrial 57,647 56,237 1,410 3 Office 101,857 91,549 10,308 11 Other 55,198 58,230 (3,032) (5) Total rental income 214,702 206,016 8,686 4 
 Same Store rental income increased by approximately 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the Office segment. 
 Office rental income increased 10.3 million primarily due to (1) an 8.2 million increase in termination income; (2) a 4.2 million increase in lease commencements and amendments to existing tenant leases during the year ended December 31, 2022; (3) 1.0 million of fully amortized and written off intangibles in the year ended December 31, 2022 due to terminations or amendments to existing leases; and (4) an approximately 0.3 million increase in common area reconciliations due to timing of operating expense reconciliations; offset by (5) a reduction of 3.4 million in rental income related to expiring and early terminated leases in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to prior year. 
 Other rental income decreased approximately 3.0 million primarily due to (1) a 5.9 million decrease from naturally expiring leases, terminations, and vacancies; offset by (2) a 2.3 million increase in termination income; and (3) 0.4 million in new leasing activity and amendments in 2021. 
 Property Operating Expense 
 The following table provides summary information for our Same Store portfolio operating expense, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Property operating expense Industrial 3,305 2,559 746 29 Office 7,937 7,416 521 7 Other 10,551 10,855 (304) (3) Total property operating expense 21,793 20,830 963 5 
 Same Store property operating expense increased by approximately 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the Industrial segment. Industrial property operating expenses increased 0.8 million primarily as a result of a 0.5 million increase in repair, maintenance and snow removal expenses. 
 Property Tax Expense 
 The following table provides summary information for our Same Store portfolio property tax expense, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Property tax expense Industrial 4,305 4,100 205 5 Office 5,781 4,775 1,006 21 Other 7,338 7,373 (35) Total property tax expense 17,424 16,248 1,176 7 
 Same Store property tax expense increased by approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the Office segment. 
 37 

Office property tax expense increased 1.0 million primarily as a result of (1) an increase of 0.7 million due to one property becoming landlord-managed instead of tenant-managed, which requires us to record property tax expense and corresponding recovery revenue and (2) a 0.3 million increase due to a reassessments and special assessments at two properties during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following chart sets forth expenses not directly related to the operations of the reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Property management fees to non-affiliates 1,647 1,609 38 2 Depreciation and amortization 98,178 91,246 6,932 8 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Same Store depreciation and amortization increased by approximately 6.9 million due to (1) an increase of 5.4 million in accelerated amortization of intangibles due to early terminated leases and (2) 1.7 million of new assets being placed into service. 
 Portfolio Analysis 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table provides summary information about our results of operations directly related to the operations of the reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Rental income 416,485 459,872 (43,387) (9) Property operating expense 52,451 61,259 (8,808) (14) Property tax expense 37,317 41,248 (3,931) (10) 
 Rental Income 
 The following table provides summary information for our consolidated portfolio revenues, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Rental income Industrial 61,347 59,320 2,027 3 Office 297,110 340,265 (43,155) (13) Other 58,028 60,287 (2,259) (4) Total rental income 416,485 459,872 (43,387) (9) 
 Rental income decreased approximately 43.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the Office segment. 
 Office rental income decreased 43.2 million primarily due to (1) 56.0 million decrease due to the Office Portfolio Sale in August 2022; offset by an increase of (2) 9.2 million due to two additional months of rental income in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year as a result of the CCIT II Merger in March 2021; (3) 2.1 million in higher termination income in the year ended December 31, 2022; (4) 1.5 million in 2022 leasing activity and amendments to existing tenant leases; and (5) an increase of 1.2 million in recoveries from common area and operating expense reconciliations. 
 38 

Property Operating Expense 
 The following table provides summary information for our consolidated portfolio operating expense, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Property operating expense Industrial 3,319 3,197 122 4 Office 38,200 47,027 (8,827) (19) Other 10,932 11,036 (104) (1) Total property operating expense 52,451 61,260 (8,809) (14) 
 Property operating expense decreased approximately 8.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the Office segment. 
 Office property operating expense decreased 8.8 million primarily due to (1) a 10.9 million decrease related to the sale of the Office Portfolio Sale in 2022; offset by (2) a 1.7 million increase in repair, maintenance and utility expense. 
 Property Tax Expense 
 The following table provides summary information for our consolidated portfolio property tax expense, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Property tax expense Industrial 4,299 3,734 565 15 Office 25,593 30,073 (4,480) (15) Other 7,425 7,442 (17) Total property tax expense 37,317 41,249 (3,932) (10) 
 Property tax expense decreased approximately 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the Industrial and Office segments. 
 Office property tax expense decreased 4.5 million primarily due to (1) a 6.2 million decrease related to property dispositions, primarily relating to the Office Portfolio Sale; offset by (2) a 1.0 million increase due to CCIT II properties acquired in March 2021, driving two additional months of property tax expense in 2022; and (3) 0.7 million due to one property becoming landlord-managed instead of tenant-managed, which requires us to record property tax expense and corresponding recovery revenue. 
 Industrial property tax expense increased 0.6 million primarily due to tax rate changes at two properties. 
 39 

The following chart sets forth expenses not directly related to the operations of the reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2022 2021 Property management fees to non-affiliates 3,496 4,066 (570) (14) General and administrative expenses 39,893 40,479 (586) (1) Corporate operating expenses to affiliates 1,349 2,520 (1,171) (46) Depreciation and amortization 190,745 209,638 (18,893) (9) Impairment provision, real estate 127,577 4,242 123,335 2,907 Impairment provision, goodwill 135,270 135,270 100 Interest expense 84,816 85,087 (271) Debt breakage costs 13,249 13,249 100 (Loss) income from investment in unconsolidated entities (9,993) 8 (10,001) (125,013) Net loss from disposition of assets 139,280 326 138,954 42,624 Transaction expense 22,386 966 21,420 2,217 
 Property Management Fees to Non-Affiliates 
 Property management fees to non-affiliates decreased approximately 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the Office Portfolio Sale. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses decreased approximately 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to (1) a 1.9 million decrease in corporate payroll due to lower employment numbers and shared services allocations in 2022; (2) a 0.7 million decrease in professional fees, less professional services rendered in 2022 compared to a year prior; offset by (3) a 2.1 million increase due to 2022 restricted share award amortization. 
 Corporate Operating Expenses to Affiliates 
 Corporate operating expenses to affiliates decreased approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the amendment to the Administrative Services Agreement in the year ended December 31, 2022, which reduces the services provided. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased approximately 18.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to (1) a 25.2 million decrease due to the Office Portfolio Sale in August 2022; (2) 2.0 million related to accelerated amortization due to terminated leases in the prior year; offset by an increase of (3) 7.3 million as a result of two additional months of depreciation and amortization expense in the year ended December 31, 2022 from the CCIT II Merger compared to prior year; and (4) 1.6 million related to fixed asset additions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Impairment Provision, Real Estate 
 Impairment provision, real estate increased approximately 123.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the Company s assessment that eleven properties were impaired in 2022. 
 Impairment Provision, Goodwill 
 Impairment provision, goodwill increased approximately 135.3 million for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to the assignment of goodwill to new reporting units in 2022. 
 Debt Breakage Costs 
 40 

Debt breakage costs increased approximately 13.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago due to breakage costs for the early payoff of the Midland Mortgage Loan of 0.9 million and the Bank of America Loan of 12.3 million made in connection with the Office Portfolio Sale. 
 (Loss) Income from Investment in Unconsolidated Entities 
 Loss from investment in unconsolidated entities increased approximately 10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to (1) 7.4 million of our share of the Office Joint Venture net loss; (2) a 3.6 million loss on the sale of the Mezzanine Interest; offset by (3) 0.9 million interest payments received on the Mezzanine Loan. 
 Net Loss from Disposition of Assets 
 Loss from disposition of assets increased approximately 139.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to (1) the loss of 105.9 million related to the Office Portfolio Sale in August 2022; (2) the loss of 43.0 million related to the Companion Office Portfolio Sale in December 2022; (3) the loss of 0.8 million related the sale of one property in December 2022; offset by the (4) gain on sale of 10.4 million due to the sale of one property in September 2022. 
 Transaction Expense 
 Transaction expense increased approximately 21.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago due to the timing of costs incurred related to strategic transactions. 
 Same Store Analysis 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our "Same Store" portfolio consisted of 97 properties, encompassing approximately 24.7 million square feet, with an acquisition value of 4.0 billion and Annualized Base Rent of 288.0 million. Our "Same Store" portfolio includes properties which were held for a full period for all periods presented. The following table provides a comparative summary of the results of operations directly related to the operations of the reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Rental income 380,189 384,220 (4,031) (1) Property operating expense 52,465 52,565 (100) Property tax expense 36,479 36,107 372 1 
 Rental Income 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Rental income Industrial 54,140 62,415 (8,275) (13) Office 267,819 262,328 5,491 2 Other 58,230 59,477 (1,247) (2) Total rental income 380,189 384,220 (4,031) (1) 
 Rental income decreased by approximately 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to the Industrial and Office segments. 
 Industrial rental income decreased approximately 8.3 million primarily due to (1) a decrease of 11.0 million of termination income in 2021; offset by an increase of approximately (2) 1.1 million due to intangibles written off in 2020 that was non-recurring in 2021; (3) 0.6 million in recoveries of prior year reconciliations due to timing of operating expenses; and (4) 0.4 million of new leases and amendment commencements. 
 41 

Office rental income increased approximately 5.5 million primarily due to (1) a 4.1 million increase in termination income; (2) a 5.6 million increase in 2021 leasing activity and amendments to existing tenant leases; offset by a decrease of (3) 5.0 million due to naturally expiring and early terminated leases. 
 Property Operating Expense 
 The following table provides summary information for our Same Store portfolio operating expense, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Property operating expense Industrial 2,550 1,958 592 30 Office 39,059 40,441 (1,382) (3) Other 10,856 10,166 690 7 Total property operating expense 52,465 52,565 (100) 0 
 Same Store Industrial property operating expense increased by approximately 0.6 million due to increased repair, maintenance, and snow removal expense at two properties. 
 Same Store Office property operating expense decreased by approximately 1.4 million due to a 1.0 decrease in repair, maintenance, and service expense at five properties. 
 Property Tax Expense 
 The following table provides summary information for our Same Store portfolio property tax expense, by reportable segment, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Property tax expense Industrial 4,100 3,981 119 3 Office 25,006 24,587 419 2 Other 7,373 7,539 (166) (2) Total property tax expense 36,479 36,107 372 1 
 Office Same Store property tax expense increased 0.4 million primarily due to the adjustment of final property tax amounts and tax rate increases from prior year. 
 42 

The following chart sets forth expenses not directly related to the operations of the reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Property management fees to non-affiliates 3,409 3,414 (5) Depreciation and amortization 160,022 156,069 3,953 3 
 Same Store depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately 4.0 million primarily due to (1) 3.6 million related to fixed asset additions subsequent to December 31, 2020; and (2) 0.1 million related to accelerated amortization due to terminated leases. 
 Portfolio Analysis 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table provides summary information about our results of operations directly related to the operations of the reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Rental income 459,872 397,452 62,420 16 Property operating expense 61,259 57,461 3,798 7 Property tax expense 41,248 37,590 3,658 10 
 Rental Income Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Rental income Industrial 59,320 69,047 (9,727) (14) Office 340,265 268,928 71,337 27 Other 60,287 59,477 810 1 Total rental income 459,872 397,452 62,420 16 
 Rental income increased approximately 62.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to the Office and Industrial segments. 
 Office rental income increased approximately 71.3 million primarily due to (1) a 71.6 million increase primarily related to the CCIT II Merger in 2021; (2) 5.6 million increase in 2021 leasing activity and amendments to existing tenant leases; (3) a 4.5 million increase in termination income; offset by a (4) 5.0 million lower base rent income due to expiring leases and terminations; (5) a 4.4 million decrease due to the sale of properties; and (6) a 1.2 million decrease due to the early termination and related write-off of the in-place lease (above market) of one office property. 
 Industrial rental income decreased approximately 9.7 million primarily due to (1) a 15.4 million decrease in termination income in 2021; offset by (2) an increase of 3.1 million primarily related to the CCIT II Merger during the year; (3) an increase of 1.1 million due to intangibles written off in the prior year; (4) a 0.4 million increase in 2021 leasing activity and amendments to existing tenant leases; (5) a 0.4 million increase due to one property becoming landlord-managed instead of tenant-managed, which requires us to record recovery revenue and corresponding recoverable expenses; and (6) 0.3 million increase due to timing of common area and operating expense reconciliations. 
 43 

Property Operating Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Property operating expense Industrial 3,197 4,421 (1,224) (28) Office 47,027 42,867 4,160 10 Other 11,035 10,173 862 8 Total property operating expense 61,259 57,461 3,798 7 
 Property operating expense increased approximately 3.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to the Office and Industrial segments. 
 Office property operating expense increased approximately 4.2 million primarily due to (1) 7.7 million related to the CCIT II Merger in 2021; offset by (2) a decrease of 2.2 million due to the sale of four properties and (3) 0.6 million decrease in repair, maintenance, service and utility expense primarily related to services not renewed in 2021. 
 Industrial property operating expense decreased 1.2 million primarily due to the sale of one property. 
 Property Tax Expense Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Property operating expense Industrial 3,734 4,493 (759) (17) Office 30,073 25,559 4,514 18 Other 7,441 7,538 (97) (1) Total property operating expense 41,248 37,590 3,658 10 
 Property tax expense increased approximately 3.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to the Office segment. 
 Office property tax expense increased 4.5 million primarily due to (1) 5.2 million related to the CCIT II Merger in 2021; offset by (2) a 1.1 million decrease as a result of the sale of four properties. 
 The following chart sets forth expenses not directly related to the operations of the reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) Percentage Change 2021 2020 Property management fees to non-affiliates 4,066 3,656 410 11 General and administrative expenses 40,479 38,633 1,846 5 Corporate operating expenses to affiliates 2,520 2,500 20 1 Depreciation and amortization 209,638 161,056 48,582 30 Impairment provision, real estate 4,242 23,472 (19,230) (82) Interest expense 85,087 79,646 5,441 7 Income (loss) from investment in unconsolidated entities 8 (6,523) 6,531 (100) (Loss) gain from disposition of assets (326) 4,083 (4,409) (108) Other income, net 1,521 3,228 (1,707) (53) Transaction expense (966) (966) 100 
 Property Management Fees to Non-Affiliates 
 The increase in property management fees to non-affiliates of approximately 0.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the CCIT II Merger occurring during the period. 
 44 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by approximately 1.8 million primarily due to (1) 1.9 million in additional restricted stock expense primarily as a result of the amortization of 2021 restricted stock unit grants, including a one-time grant associated with the CCIT II Merger; (2) an increase of 2.5 million in professional and transfer agent fees; (3) a 0.9 million in increase in information technology costs and state taxes; offset by (4) write-offs of 4.4 million in project costs in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by approximately 48.6 million as a result of (1) 48.3 million as a result of the CCIT II Merger during the year ended December 31, 2021; and (2) 3.6 million related to fixed asset additions subsequent to December 31, 2020; offset by (3) approximately 3.5 million related to accelerated amortization due to terminated leases and assets sold in 2020. 
 Impairment Provision, Real Estate 
 Impairment provision, real estate decreased by approximately 19.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the Company s assessment that three properties were impaired in 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 The increase of approximately 5.4 million in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to (1) 6.6 million of interest and financing expenses related to the 400M 5-Year Term Loan 2025; offset by (2) a 0.9 million decrease as a result of lower interest rates compared to the prior year. 
 Income (Loss) from Investment in Unconsolidated Entities 
 The reduction of approximately 6.5 million in loss from investment in unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to an other-than-temporary impairment loss and winding down of our investments in our unconsolidated joint venture in the prior period. 
 Loss from Disposition of Assets 
 The increase in loss from disposition of assets of approximately 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily the result of the gain on the sale of one property in 2020. 
 Other Income, net 
 The decrease in other income of approximately 1.7 million is primarily a result of adjusting our earn-out liability in 2020 due to changes in equity raise projections. 
 Transaction expense 
 The increase in transaction expense of approximately 1.0 million is primarily due to certain strategic initiative costs in 2021. 

Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 Our reported results are presented in accordance with GAAP. We also disclose Funds from Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds from Operations AFFO both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these two non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they are widely accepted industry measures used by analysts and investors to compare the operating performance of REITs. 
 45 

We compute FFO in accordance with the definition adopted by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). FFO is defined as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding extraordinary items, as defined by GAAP, and gains and losses from sales of depreciable real estate assets, adding back impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate assets, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs and depreciation of non-real estate assets), and after adjustment for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and preferred distributions. Because FFO calculations exclude such items as depreciation and amortization of depreciable real estate assets and gains and losses from sales of depreciable real estate assets (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar conditions based on historical cost accounting and useful-life estimates), they facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and between other REITs. As a result, we believe that the use of FFO, together with the required GAAP presentations, provides a more complete understanding of our performance relative to our competitors and a more informed and appropriate basis on which to make decisions involving operating, financing, and investing activities. It should be noted, however, that other REITs may not define FFO in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or may interpret the current NAREIT definition differently than we do, making comparisons less meaningful. 
 
 Additionally, we use AFFO as a non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our operating performance. AFFO excludes non-routine and certain non-cash items such as revenues in excess of cash received, amortization of share-based compensation net, deferred rent, amortization of in-place lease valuation, acquisition-related costs, financed termination fee, net of payments received, gain or loss from the extinguishment of debt, unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments, write-off transaction costs and other one-time transactions. FFO and AFFO have been revised to include amounts available to both common shareholders and limited partners for all periods presented. 
 AFFO is a measure used among our peer group. We also believe that AFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance by the REIT industry. Further, we believe AFFO is useful in comparing the sustainability of our operating performance with the sustainability of the operating performance of other real estate companies. 
 Management believes that AFFO is a beneficial indicator of our ongoing portfolio performance and ability to sustain our current distribution level. More specifically, AFFO isolates the financial results of our operations. AFFO, however, is not considered an appropriate measure of historical earnings as it excludes certain significant costs that are otherwise included in reported earnings. Further, since the measure is based on historical financial information, AFFO for the period presented may not be indicative of future results or our future ability to make or sustain distributions. By providing FFO and AFFO, we present information that assists investors in aligning their analysis with management s analysis of long-term operating activities. 
 For all of these reasons, we believe the non-GAAP measures of FFO and AFFO, in addition to net income (loss) are helpful supplemental performance measures and useful to investors in evaluating the performance of our real estate portfolio. However, a material limitation associated with FFO and AFFO is that they are not indicative of our cash available to fund distributions since other uses of cash, such as capital expenditures at our properties and principal payments of debt, are not deducted when calculating FFO and AFFO. The use of AFFO as a measure of long-term operating performance on value is also limited if we do not continue to operate under our current business plan as noted above. FFO and AFFO should not be viewed as a more prominent measure of performance than net income (loss) and each should be reviewed in connection with GAAP measurements. 
 Neither the SEC, NAREIT, nor any other applicable regulatory body has opined on the acceptability of the adjustments contemplated to adjust FFO in order to calculate AFFO and its use as a non-GAAP performance measure. In the future, NAREIT may decide to standardize the allowable exclusions across the REIT industry, and we may have to adjust the calculation and characterization of this non-GAAP measure. 
 46 

Our calculation of FFO and AFFO is presented in the following table for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income (441,382) 11,570 (5,774) Adjustments: Depreciation of building and improvements 113,191 125,388 93,979 Amortization of leasing costs and intangibles 77,926 84,598 67,366 Impairment provision, real estate 127,577 4,242 23,472 Equity interest of depreciation of building and improvements - unconsolidated entities 4,643 1,438 Equity interest of amortization of intangible assets - unconsolidated entities 1,751 Loss from disposition of assets, net 139,280 326 (4,083) Company's share of loss on sale of unconsolidated entity 3,558 (8) Impairment of unconsolidated entities 1,906 FFO 24,793 226,116 180,055 Distributions to redeemable preferred shareholders (10,063) (9,698) (8,708) FFO attributable to common shareholders and partners 14,730 216,418 171,347 Reconciliation of FFO to AFFO: FFO attributable to common shareholders and partners 14,730 216,418 171,347 Adjustments: Non-cash earn-out adjustment (2,581) Revenues in excess of cash received, net (15,407) (10,780) (25,686) Amortization of share-based compensation 9,573 7,470 4,108 Deferred rent - ground lease 1,951 2,064 2,065 Amortization of above/(below) market rent, net (2,205) (1,323) (2,292) Amortization of debt premium/(discount), net 409 409 412 Amortization of below tax benefit amortization 1,494 1,252 Amortization of deferred financing costs 3,544 3,184 2,195 Amortization of lease inducements 537 278 Company's share of amortization of deferred financing costs- unconsolidated entity 3,740 82 Amortization of ground leasehold interests (372) (350) (290) Financed termination fee payments received 7,557 Loss on debt breakage costs write-off of deferred financing costs 1,771 Company's share of revenues in excess of cash received (straight-line rents) - unconsolidated entity (257) 505 Unrealized loss (gain) on investments 195 (15) 31 Company's share of amortization of above market rent - unconsolidated entity (58) 1,419 Unconsolidated joint venture valuation adjustment 4,452 Employee separation expense 72 777 2,666 Write-off of reserve liability (1,166) Write-off of transaction costs 28 65 4,427 Transaction expenses 22,386 966 Impairment provision, goodwill 135,270 Debt breakage costs 13,249 AFFO available to common shareholders and partners 190,650 219,249 170,417 FFO per share, basic and diluted 0.37 5.71 5.89 AFFO per share, basic and diluted 4.81 5.79 5.85 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic EPS 36,057,825 34,361,208 25,560,283 Weighted-average OP Units 3,537,654 3,537,654 3,546,614 Weighted-average common shares and OP Units outstanding - basic FFO/AFFO 39,595,479 37,898,862 29,106,897 
 
 47 

NOI, Cash NOI and Same-Store Cash NOI 
 Net operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated as net (loss) income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, excluding equity in the earnings of our unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, general and administrative expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, impairment of real estate, gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt, gains or losses on sales of real estate, investment income or loss and termination income. Net operating income on a cash basis Cash NOI is net operating income adjusted to exclude the effect of straight-line rent and amortization of acquired above- and below-market lease intangibles adjustments required by GAAP. Net operating income on a cash basis for our Same-Store portfolio Same-Store Cash NOI is Cash NOI for properties held for the entirety of all periods presented. We believe that NOI, Cash NOI and Same-Store Cash NOI are helpful to investors as additional measures of operating performance because we believe they help both investors and management to understand the core operations of our properties excluding corporate and financing-related costs and non-cash depreciation and amortization. NOI, Cash NOI and Same-Store Cash NOI are unlevered operating performance metrics of our properties and allow for a useful comparison of the operating performance of individual assets or groups of assets. These measures thereby provide an operating perspective not immediately apparent from GAAP income from operations or net income. In addition, NOI, Cash NOI and Same-Store Cash NOI are considered by many in the real estate industry to be useful starting points for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. 
 Our calculation of each of NOI, Cash NOI and Same-Store Cash NOI is presented in the following table for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of Net Income to Total NOI Net (loss) income (441,382) 11,570 (5,774) General and administrative expenses 39,893 40,479 38,633 Corporate operating expenses to affiliates 1,349 2,520 2,500 Impairment provision, real estate 127,577 4,242 23,472 Impairment provision, goodwill 135,270 Depreciation and amortization 190,745 209,638 161,056 Interest expense 84,816 85,087 79,646 Debt breakage costs 13,249 Other loss (income), net 45 (1,521) (3,228) Loss (income) from investment in unconsolidated entities 9,993 (8) 6,523 Loss (gain) from disposition of assets 139,280 326 (4,083) Transaction expense 22,386 966 Total NOI 323,221 353,299 298,745 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash NOI Adjustments Industrial: Industrial NOI 53,477 52,125 59,837 Straight-line rents (1,018) (1,700) (1,684) Amortization of acquired lease intangibles (369) (345) (297) Deferred termination income (39) Industrial cash NOI 52,051 50,080 57,856 Office: 
 48 

Office NOI 230,967 260,255 198,113 Straight-line rents (12,207) (12,171) (22,618) Amortization of acquired lease intangibles (1,346) (231) (1,515) Deferred termination income (1) Deferred ground lease 1,945 2,066 2,067 Other intangible amortization 1,495 1,252 Inducement amortization 537 278 Financed termination fee 7,557 Office Cash NOI 221,391 251,449 183,603 Other NOI 38,777 40,919 40,795 Straight-line rents 634 313 (1,384) Amortization of acquired lease intangibles (749) (480) Deferred termination income (2,779) 2,779 Deferred ground lease 5 (3) Other intangible amortization (489) Inducement amortization Other Cash NOI 36,148 43,259 38,931 Total Cash NOI 309,590 344,788 280,390 Same Store Cash NOI Adjustments Industrial: Industrial cash NOI 52,051 50,080 57,856 Cash NOI for recently acquired properties (3,311) (4,545) (18,311) Cash net operating (income) loss for recently disposed properties (6) 272 Industrial Same Store cash NOI 48,734 45,807 39,545 Office: Office cash NOI 221,391 251,449 183,603 Cash NOI for recently acquired properties (50,369) (55,756) (49,019) Cash net operating (income) loss for recently disposed properties (93,290) 159 (4,192) Office Same Store cash NOI 77,732 195,852 130,392 Other: Other cash NOI 36,148 43,259 38,931 Cash NOI for recently acquired properties (2,364) (1,751) (9,796) Cash net operating (income) loss for recently disposed properties Other Same Store cash NOI 33,784 41,508 29,135 Cash NOI from the operating partnership 32 30 20 Total Same Store cash NOI 160,282 283,197 199,092 
 
 49 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Property rental income is our primary source of operating cash flow and is dependent on a number of factors including occupancy levels and rental rates, as well as the ability and willingness of our tenants to pay rent. Our assets provide a relatively consistent level of cash flow that enables us to pay operating expenses, distributions, including preferred equity distribution, redemptions, and for the payment of debt service on our outstanding indebtedness, including repayment of our Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and property secured mortgage loans. Generally, we anticipate that cash needs will be met from funds from operations and our Credit Facility. We anticipate that cash flows from continuing operations and proceeds from financings, together with existing cash balances, will be adequate to fund our business operations, debt amortization, capital expenditures, distributions and other requirements over the next 12 months and beyond. 
 Financing Activities 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, we, through our Operating Partnership as the borrower, have been provided with a 1.3 billion credit facility consisting of the Revolving Credit Facility maturing in September 2023 with (subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions) a series of three-month extension options, the 400M 5-Year Term Loan 2025, and the 150M 7-Year Term Loan. The credit facility also provides the option, subject to obtaining additional commitments from lenders and certain other customary conditions, to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, increase the existing term loans and/or incur new term loans by up to an additional 1.0 billion in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was 202.9 million. 
 Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 On April 28, 2022, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 28, 2022, which amended our maturity extension on the Revolving Credit Facility from a one-year extension option (from June 2022 to June 2023) to a series of four three-month extension options (to September 28, 2022, December 28, 2022, March 28, 2023 and June 28, 2023, respectively). On May 24, 2022, we exercised the first three-month extension option on the Revolving Credit Facility, which extended the maturity date from June 28, 2022 to September 28, 2022. 
 Fifth Amendment to the Second Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement 
 On September 28, 2022, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 28, 2022, which extended the maturity date on the Revolving Credit Facility from September 28, 2022 to September 30, 2023 and amended the maturity date extension options to a series of three three-month extensions (to December 30, 2023, March 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively). In addition, the contract interest rate was amended from LIBOR to SOFR plus 0.10 per annum (collectively, the Adjusted SOFR ). 
 Sixth Amendment to the Second Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement 
 On November 30, 2022, we, through our Operating Partnership , entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022, which, among other things, amended the covenant regarding Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) such that the calculation thereof takes into account certain distributions and/or dividends (defined as Restricted Payments that are otherwise permitted by the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Based on the terms as of December 31, 2022, the interest rate for the credit facility varies based on our consolidated leverage ratio and ranges (a) in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility, from Adjusted SOFR plus 1.30 to Adjusted SOFR plus 2.20 , (b) in the case of each of the 400M 5-Year Term Loan 2025, and the 150M 7-Year Term Loan from Adjusted SOFR plus 1.25 to Adjusted SOFR plus 2.15 . If our Operating Partnership obtains an investment grade rating of its senior unsecured long term debt from Standard Poor's Rating Services, Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or Fitch, Inc., the applicable SOFR margin and base rate margin will vary based on such rating and range (i) in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility, from Adjusted SOFR plus 0.825 to Adjusted SOFR plus 1.55 , (ii) in the case of the 400M 5-Year Term Loan 2025 and the 150M 7-Year Term Loan, from Adjusted SOFR plus 0.90 to Adjusted SOFR plus 1.75 . 
 50 

See Part I "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion about risks that the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate may adversely affect interest rates on our current or future indebtedness and may otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Seventh Amendment to the Second Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement 
 Prior to the Seventh Amendment, the final Revolving Credit Maturity Date (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) was June 30, 2024. On March 21, 2023, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 21, 2023 (the Seventh Amendment ), which, among other things, (i) permits our Operating Partnership to extend the Revolving Commitments (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) of each Revolving Lender (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) to January 31, 2026 (the Subsequent Extension (ii) amended the covenant regarding Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) to reduce the baseline calculation for the required Tangible Net Worth from 2,030,720,237 to 1,000,000,000; and (iii) added a covenant that prohibits any special distributions from extraordinary non-recurring income. 
 
 The exercise of the Subsequent Extension by our Operating Partnership is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) prior to June 30, 2024, the Company consummating a listing of its equity interests which results in such equity interests being traded on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the payment of an extension fee on the effective date of the Subsequent Extension in an amount equal to 20 basis points of the amount of Revolving Commitments being extended in connection with the Subsequent Extension. 
 In connection with the Seventh Amendment, and as a condition to the effectiveness thereof, our Operating Partnership prepaid the outstanding principal balance 400,000,000) of the 2024 Term Loan (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). The prepayment was funded through a draw on the revolving credit facility portion of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 As discussed in Note 6, Interest Rate Contracts, to the consolidated financial statements, we entered into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the variable cash flows associated with certain existing or forecasted, LIBOR-based variable-rate debt, including our Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt and forecasted issuances of debt. The ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Fair Value (1) 
 Current Notional Amount December 31, December 31, Derivative Instrument Effective Date Maturity Date Interest Strike Rate 2022 2021 2022 2021 Assets/(Liabilities) Interest Rate Swap 3/10/2020 7/1/2025 0.83 12,391 1,648 150,000 150,000 Interest Rate Swap 3/10/2020 7/1/2025 0.84 8,244 1,059 100,000 100,000 Interest Rate Swap 3/10/2020 7/1/2025 0.86 6,145 749 75,000 75,000 Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 2.82 4,331 (7,342) 125,000 125,000 Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 2.82 3,444 (5,909) 100,000 100,000 Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 2.83 3,441 (5,899) 100,000 100,000 Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 2.84 3,408 (5,958) 100,000 100,000 Total 41,404 (21,652) 750,000 750,000 
 (1) We record all derivative instruments on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheets, and accordingly, there are no offsetting amounts that net assets against liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, derivatives where in an asset or/liability position are included in the line item "Other assets or Interest rate swap liability," respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 
 51 

Common Equity 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 On July 17, 2020, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 for the registration of up to 100 million in shares pursuant to our DRP (the DRP Offering ). The DRP Offering may be terminated at any time upon 10 days prior written notice to shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, we had sold 3,946,642 shares for approximately 341.1 million in our DRP Offering. 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company announced a suspension of our DRP, effective October 11, 2021, which remains in effect as of the date of this filing. 
 Share Redemption Program 
 Prior to its suspension in February 2023 in anticipation of the proposed Listing, the Company had adopted the SRP that enables shareholders to sell their shares to the Company in limited circumstances. The SRP was suspended on October 1, 2021 but resumed on a limited basis on August 5, 2022 (i.e., limited to redemptions in connection with a holder s death, disability or incompetence) with the cap on quarterly redemptions was tied to a dollar amount to be set by the Board and disclosed by the Company. Quarterly redemptions were capped at 5 million (or some other quarterly or annual amount determined by the Board and announced at least 10 business days before the applicable redemption date). In addition, during any calendar year, with respect to each share class, the Company was permitted to redeem no more than 5 of the weighted-average number of shares of such class outstanding during the prior calendar year. 
 Under the SRP, when the SRP is not suspended, the Company will redeem shares as of the last business day of each quarter. The redemption price is equal to the most recently published NAV per share for the applicable class prior to quarter end. Redemption requests must be received by 3:00 p.m. (Central time) one business day before on the last business day of the applicable quarter. Redemption requests exceeding the quarterly cap are filled on a pro rata basis, except that if pro rata redemption would result in a shareholder owning less than the minimum balance of 2,500 of the Company s common shares, then the Company would redeem all of such shareholder s shares to the extent that there are funds available. All unsatisfied redemption requests were treated as a request for redemption at the redemption date unless withdrawn by the shareholder. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed 149,730 shares. 
 Perpetual Convertible Preferred Shares 
 Upon consummation of the Predecessor Merger, we issued 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares to the Purchaser (defined below). We assumed the purchase agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") that our Predecessor entered into on August 8, 2018 with SHBNPP Global Professional Investment Type Private Real Estate Trust No. 13(H) (acting through Kookmin Bank as trustee) (the "Purchaser") and Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management Corporation, as an asset manager of the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Purchaser agreed to purchase an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Shares at a price of 25.00 per share (the "Series A Preferred Shares") in two tranches, each comprising 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares. 
 Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser has agreed to purchase an additional 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares (the "Second Issuance") at a later date (the "Second Issuance Date") for an additional purchase price of 125 million subject to approval by the Purchaser s internal investment committee and the satisfaction of certain other conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Purchaser is generally restricted from transferring the Series A Preferred Shares or the economic interest in the Series A Preferred Shares for a period of five years from the applicable closing date. We do not expect that additional Series A Preferred Shares will be issued. 
 Distributions for Perpetual Convertible Preferred Shares 
 Subject to the terms of the applicable articles supplementary, the holder of the Series A Preferred Shares are entitled to receive distributions quarterly in arrears at a rate equal to one-fourth (1/4) of the applicable varying rate, as follows: 
 i. 6.55 from and after August 8, 2018 until August 8, 2023, or if the Second Issuance occurs, the five year anniversary of the Second Issuance Date (the "Reset Date"), subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below; 
 ii. 6.75 from and after the Reset Date, subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below; 
 52 

iii. if a listing of our common shares or the Series A Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange registered under Section 6(a) of the Exchange Act, does not occur by August 1, 2020 (the "First Triggering Event"), 7.55 from and after August 2, 2020 and 7.75 from and after the Reset Date, subject to paragraph (iv) below and certain conditions as set forth in the articles supplementary; or 
 iv. if such a listing does not occur by August 1, 2021, 8.05 from and after August 2, 2021 until the Reset Date, and 8.25 from and after the Reset Date. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our annual distribution rate was 8.05 for the Series A Preferred Shares since no listing of either our common shares or the Series A Preferred Shares occurred prior to August 1, 2021. 
 Liquidation Preference 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will be entitled to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to the shareholders, after payment of or provision for our debts and other liabilities, liquidating distributions, in cash or property at its fair market value as determined by the Board, in the amount, for each outstanding Series A Preferred Share equal to 25.00 per Series A Preferred Share (the "Liquidation Preference"), plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the date of payment, before any distribution or payment is made to holders of common shares or any other class or series of equity securities ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Shares but subject to the preferential rights of holders of any class or series of equity securities ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Shares. After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation Preference to which they are entitled, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the date of payment, the holders of Series A Preferred Shares will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
 Company Redemption Rights 
 The Series A Preferred Shares may be redeemed by the Company, in whole or in part, at our option, at a per share redemption price in cash equal to 25.00 per Series A Preferred Share (the "Redemption Price"), plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares up to the redemption date, plus, a redemption fee of 1.5 of the Redemption Price in the case of a redemption that occurs on or after the date of the First Triggering Event, but before August 8, 2023. 
 Holder Redemption Rights 
 In the event we fail to effect a listing of common shares or Series A Preferred Shares by August 1, 2023, the holder of any Series A Preferred Shares has the option to request a redemption of such shares on or on any date following August 1, 2023, at the Redemption Price, plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions up to the redemption date (the "Redemption Right"); provided, however, that no holder of the Series A Preferred Shares shall have a Redemption Right if such a listing occurs prior to or on August 1, 2023. 
 Conversion Rights 
 Subject to our redemption rights and certain conditions set forth in the articles supplementary, a holder of the Series A Preferred Shares, at his or her option, will have the right to convert such holder's Series A Preferred Shares into common shares any time after the earlier of (i) August 8, 2023, or if the Second Issuance occurs, five years from the Second Issuance Date or (ii) a Change of Control (as defined in the articles supplementary) at a per share conversion rate equal to the Liquidation Preference divided by the then Common Shares Fair Market Value (as defined in the articles supplementary). 
 Other Potential Future Sources of Capital 
 Other potential future sources of capital include proceeds from potential private or public offerings of our shares or OP Units, proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, including debt assumed in a real estate acquisition transaction, proceeds from the sale of properties and undistributed funds from operations, and entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. To the extent we are not able to secure additional financing in the form of a credit facility or other third party source of liquidity, we will be heavily dependent upon our current financing and income from operations. 
 53 

Liquidity Requirements 
 Our principal liquidity needs for the next 12 months and beyond are to fund: 
 normal recurring expenses; 
 debt service and principal repayment obligations; including any maturing debt that we may be unable to refinance on attractive terms or at all; 
 satisfaction of the Redemption Right held by the holder of the Series A Preferred Shares, in the event that a listing has not occurred prior to or August 1, 2023; 
 capital expenditures, including tenant improvements and leasing costs; 
 redemptions; 
 distributions to shareholders, including preferred equity distribution and distributions to holders of OP Units; 
 possible acquisitions of properties. 
 Our long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to acquire additional properties and repay indebtedness. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements through various sources of capital, including proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, proceeds from the sale of properties and undistributed funds from operations, and entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. To the extent we are not able to secure additional financing in the form of a credit facility, securitization vehicle or other third party source of liquidity, we will be heavily dependent upon our current financing and income from operations. The success of our business strategy will depend, to a significant degree, on our ability to access these various capital sources. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements on a continuing basis, including the requirement that we annually distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain, to our shareholders. As a result of this requirement, we cannot rely on retained earnings to fund our business needs to the same extent as other entities that are not REITs. If we do not have sufficient funds available to us from our operations to fund our business needs, we will need to find alternative ways to fund those needs. Such alternatives may include, among other things, divesting ourselves of properties (whether or not the sales price is optimal or otherwise meets our strategic long-term objectives), incurring additional indebtedness or issuing equity securities in public or private transactions, the availability and attractiveness of the terms of which cannot be assured. 
 Cash Requirements 
 The Company s material cash requirements as of as of December 31, 2022 include the following contractual obligations (in thousands): 
 Payments Due During the Years Ending December 31, 2023 Thereafter Total Outstanding debt obligations (1) 
 43,101 1,446,702 1,489,803 Interest on outstanding debt obligations (2) 
 77,015 169,682 246,697 Ground lease obligations 2,300 262,890 265,190 Total (3) 
 122,416 1,879,274 2,001,690 
 (1) Amounts only include principal payments. The payments on our mortgage debt do not include the premium/discount or debt financing costs. 
 (2) Projected interest payments are based on the outstanding principal amounts at December 31, 2022. Projected interest payments on the Credit Facility and Term Loan are based on the contractual interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Does not include amounts required to satisfy the Redemption Right held by the holder of Series A Preferred Shares. 
 54 

Capital Expenditures and Tenant Improvement Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate remaining contractual commitments for repositioning, capital expenditure projects, leasing commitments and tenant improvements of approximately 29.7 million. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 We expect to meet our short-term operating liquidity requirements with operating cash flows generated from our properties and draws from our KeyBank loans. 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash activity increased by approximately 69.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period a year ago and were primarily used in or provided by the following (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 152,676 204,979 (52,303) Net cash used in investing activities 1,098,343 (62,810) 1,161,153 Net cash used in financing activities (1,199,215) (159,335) (1,039,880) 
 Operating Activities. Cash flows provided by operating activities are primarily dependent on the occupancy level, the rental rates of our leases, the collectability of rent and recovery of operating expenses from our tenants, and the timing of acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 152.7 million in cash from operating activities compared to 205.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the property dispositions that occurred in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Investing Activities. Cash provided by investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities: Distributions of capital from investment in unconsolidated entities 42 (42) Proceeds from disposition of properties 1,120,803 22,408 1,098,395 Restricted reserves 1,078 (1,078) Sale of investment in unconsolidated entities 31,000 31,000 Total sources of cash provided by investing activities 1,151,803 23,528 1,097,275 Uses of cash for investing activities: Cash acquired in connection with the Company Merger, net of acquisition costs (36,746) 36,746 Restricted reserves (266) (266) Payments for construction in progress (17,494) (49,260) 31,766 Purchase of investment in unconsolidated entities (34,558) (34,558) Purchase of investments (1,142) (332) (810) Total sources of cash (used in) provided by investing activities (53,460) (86,338) 32,878 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 1,098,343 (62,810) 1,130,153 
 55 

Financing Activities. Cash used in financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Sources of cash provided by financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings - Term Loan 400,000 (400,000) Total sources of cash provided by financing activities 400,000 (400,000) Uses of cash (used in) provided by financing activities: Principal payoff of indebtedness - CCIT II Credit Facility (415,500) 415,500 Principal payoff of secured indebtedness - Mortgage Debt (469,777) (1,292) (468,485) Principal pay down of indebtedness - Revolving Credit Facility (373,500) (373,500) Principal payoff of indebtedness - Term Loan (200,000) (200,000) Principal amortization payments on secured indebtedness (8,736) (9,786) 1,050 Repurchase of common shares to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements (3,189) (2,874) (315) Repurchase of common shares (5,617) (25,517) 19,900 Distributions to common shareholders (114,110) (82,976) (31,134) Dividends paid on preferred units subject to redemption (10,063) (9,542) (521) Distributions to noncontrolling interests (11,136) (11,134) (2) Deferred financing costs (2,724) (567) (2,157) Offering costs (43) (47) 4 Financing lease payment (320) (100) (220) Total sources of cash (used in) provided by financing activities (1,199,215) (559,335) (639,880) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (1,199,215) (159,335) (1,039,880) 
 Distributions will be paid to our shareholders as of the record date selected by our Board. We expect to pay distributions regularly unless our results of operations, our general financial condition, general economic conditions, or other factors inhibit us from doing so. Distributions will be authorized at the discretion of our Board, which will be directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The funds we receive from operations that are available for distribution may be affected by a number of factors, including the following: 
 our operating and interest expenses; 
 the amount of distributions or dividends received by us from our indirect real estate investments; 
 our ability to keep our properties occupied; 
 our ability to maintain or increase rental rates; 
 tenant improvements, capital expenditures and reserves for such expenditures; 
 the issuance of additional shares; and 
 financings, refinancings, and debt repayment. 
 56 

Distributions may be funded with operating cash flow from our properties To the extent that we do not have taxable income, distributions paid will be considered a return of capital to shareholders. The following table shows distributions paid, and cash flow provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Distributions paid in cash noncontrolling interests 11,136 11,134 Distributions paid in cash common shareholders 114,110 82,976 Distributions paid in cash preferred shareholders 10,063 9,542 Distributions of DRP 22,886 Total distributions 135,309 (1) 
 126,538 Source of distributions (2) 
 Paid from cash flows provided by operations 135,309 100 103,652 82 Offering proceeds from issuance of common shares pursuant to the DRP 22,886 18 Total sources 135,309 (3) 
 100 126,538 100 Net cash provided by operating activities 152,676 204,979 
 (1) Distributions are paid on a monthly basis in arrears. Distributions for all record dates of a given month are paid on or about the first business day of the following month. Total cash distributions declared but not paid as of December 31, 2022 were 10.6 million for common shareholders and noncontrolling interests. 
 (2) Percentages were calculated by dividing the respective source amount by the total sources of distributions. 
 (3) Allocation of total sources are calculated on a quarterly basis. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid and declared cash distributions of approximately 114.1 million to common shareholders including shares issued pursuant to the DRP, and approximately 11.1 million to the partners of our Operating Partnership, as compared to FFO attributable to common shareholders and partners and AFFO available to common shareholders and partners for the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately 14.7 million and 190.7 million, respectively. The payment of distributions from sources other than FFO or AFFO may reduce the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we paid approximately 1.1 billion of cumulative distributions (excluding preferred distributions), including approximately 341.2 million reinvested through our DRP, as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of approximately 766.1 million. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risks include risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market-sensitive instruments. We expect that the primary market risk to which we will be exposed is interest rate risk, including the risk of changes in the underlying rates on our variable rate debt. Our current indebtedness consists of the KeyBank loans and other loans and property secured mortgages as described in Note 5, Debt , to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These instruments were not entered into for trading purposes. 
 Our interest rate risk management objectives will be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve our objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also utilize a variety of financial instruments, including interest rate swap agreements, caps, floors, and other interest rate exchange contracts. We will not enter into these financial instruments for speculative purposes. The use of these types of instruments to hedge a portion of our exposure to changes in interest rates carries additional risks, such as counterparty credit risk and the legal enforceability of hedging contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our debt consisted of approximately 1.3 billion in fixed rate debt (including the interest rate swaps) and approximately 200.0 million in variable rate debt (excluding unamortized deferred financing cost and discounts, net, of approximately 4.4 million). As of December 31, 2021, our debt consisted of approximately 1.8 billion in fixed rate debt (including the effect of interest rate swaps) and approximately 773.5 million in variable rate debt (excluding unamortized deferred financing cost and discounts, net, of approximately 9.1 million). Changes in interest rates have different impacts on the fixed and variable rate debt. A change in interest rates on fixed rate debt impacts its fair value but has no effect on interest incurred or cash flows. A change in interest rates on variable rate debt could affect the interest incurred and cash flows and its fair value. 
 57 

Our future earnings and fair values relating to variable rate financial instruments are primarily dependent upon prevalent market rates of interest, such as LIBOR. However, our interest rate swap agreements are intended to reduce the effects of interest rate changes. The effect of an increase of 100 basis points in interest rates, assuming a LIBOR floor of 0 , on our variable-rate debt, including our KeyBank loans, after considerin g the effect of our interest rate swap agreements, would decrease our future earnings and cash flows by approx imately 2.0 million annually. 
 Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officers, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of the evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated, as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Employment Agreements With Named Executive Officers 
 
 On March 23, 2023, the Company entered into amended and restated employment agreements with each of Michael J. Escalante, Javier F. Bitar and Nina Momtazee Sitzer (each, an Executive ), effective as of the date of the Listing (each, an Employment Agreement, and together, the Employment Agreements ). The Employment Agreements amend and restate the employment agreements that the Company previously entered into with each Executive. Pursuant to these Employment Agreements, Michael J. Escalante continues in his roles as Chief Executive Officer and President, Mr. Javier F. Bitar continues 
 58 

in his role as Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Nina Momtazee Sitzer is appointed Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President Operations. 
 
 The Employment Agreements have an initial term of five years and automatically renew for additional one year periods thereafter, unless either the Company or the Executive provide advance written notice of their respective intents not to renew or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms thereof (the Term ). 
 
 Employment Agreement with Mr. Escalante 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement with Mr. Escalante (the Escalante Employment Agreement ), Mr. Escalante is entitled to, among other things: 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2023, an annual base salary of 925,000, subject to annual review for increase (but not decrease) by the Board or a committee thereof; 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2023, an annual cash bonus opportunity Incentive Bonus with threshold, target and maximum award opportunities of 175 , 250 and 325 , respectively, of the base salary actually paid for such year, with the threshold, target and maximum Incentive Bonus levels for calendar years following 2023 established by the compensation committee of the Board in its sole discretion, provided the goals and objectives applicable to the payment of the Incentive Bonus for the executive team shall be established in good faith consultation with Mr. Escalante, and with the entitlement to and payment of an Incentive Bonus subject to the reasonable and good faith approval of the compensation committee of the Board; 
 
 Equity awards during the Term, if any, subject to the sole discretion of the compensation Committee of the Board; 
 
 Payments and benefits upon termination of employment as follows: 
 
 Death or Disability (as defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement): (i) base salary earned but not paid as of the termination date, any Incentive Bonus earned by Mr. Escalante for the prior calendar year but not yet paid, reimbursement for unpaid expenses to which Mr. Escalante is entitled to reimbursement, and any other vested compensation or benefits to which Mr. Escalante is entitled under any benefits plans (collectively, the Accrued Obligations (ii) the Incentive Bonus for the calendar year in which the termination occurs, pro-rated for the amount of time Mr. Escalante was employed during such calendar year, assuming target performance; (iii) a lump sum payment equal to 24 months of Healthcare Benefits (as defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement); and (iv) the automatic vesting of (1) all outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Escalante as of immediately prior to his termination, assuming target performance for any performance period that has not yet ended (the Equity Award Vesting ), and (2) Mr. Escalante's account under the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, in full. 
 
 Without Cause or with Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement): (i) the Accrued Obligations; (ii) a pro-rated Incentive Bonus for the calendar year in which such termination occurs (assuming at least target individual performance and actual Company performance for the entire performance period), pro-rated for the amount of time Mr. Escalante was employed during such calendar year; (iii) a lump sum payment equal to three (3) times the sum of (A) his base salary then in effect plus (B) the average of the target Incentive Bonus for the prior two calendar years preceding the year in which such termination; (iv) a lump sum payment equal to 24 months of Healthcare Benefits (as defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement); (v) the Equity Award Vesting; and (vi) the vesting in full of Mr. Escalante's account under the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 Termination by the Company without Cause or by Mr. Escalante with Good Reason during the Term and within six months preceding or 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement) of the Company: all of the benefits and payments described in the paragraph Without Cause or with Good Reason above, except that (i) the Healthcare Benefits will be calculated to cover 36 months, and (ii) the pro-rated Incentive Bonus shall be calculated using the greater of actual Company performance or target Company performance, should such an applicable target level have been established as of the termination 
 
 Termination following a Liquidation Event (as defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement to include the earlier of the Board s approval of a plan of liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or the total combined book value of the Company, along with the Company s management and operating companies, falling below 250 million dollars) either: (i) due to (1) expiration of the Term (other than due Mr. Escalante s election not to renew), or (2) because Mr. Escalante is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement), (ii) by Mr. Escalante for Good Reason within six months preceding or 12 months following a Change in Control, or (iii) due to Good Reason, other than a Duty 
 59 

Diminution (as defined in the Escalante Employment Agreement), all the benefits and payments described in the paragraph Termination by the Company without Cause or by Mr. Escalante with Good Reason during the Term and within six months preceding or 12 months following a Change in Control with sufficient assets to pay such amounts promptly reserved by the Company upon such Liquidation Event. 
 
 The Escalante Employment Agreement also provides that Mr. Escalante will be subject to customary non-compete, non-solicitation, non-disparagement and other restrictive covenants. 
 
 Employment Agreements With Mr. Bitar and Ms. Sitzer 
 
 The Employment Agreements for Javier F. Bitar and Nina Momtazee Sitzer are substantially similar to the material terms of the Escalante Employment Agreement except as noted below: 
 
 Javier F. Bitar. Mr. Bitar serves as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. His initial base salary is 525,000 and his Incentive Bonus threshold, target and maximum award opportunities are 100 , 150 , and 200 , respectively. Upon termination for Death or Disability, the lump sum payment will be equal to 18 months of Healthcare Benefits. Upon termination Without Cause or with Good Reason, Mr. Bitar will receive a lump sum payment equal to 1.5 times his base salary plus Incentive Bonus (as described above) and a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of Healthcare Benefits. Upon termination six months preceding or 12 months following a Change in Control, Mr. Bitar will receive a lump sum payment equal to 2.5 times his base salary plus Incentive Bonus and a lump sum payment equal to 30 months of Healthcare Benefits. 
 
 Nina Momtazee Sitzer. Ms. Sitzer serves as the Company s Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President Operations. Her initial base salary is 500,000 and her Incentive Bonus threshold, target and maximum award opportunities are 100 , 150 , and 200 , respectively. Upon termination for Death or Disability, the lump sum payment will be equal to 18 months of Healthcare Benefits. Upon termination Without Cause or with Good Reason, Ms. Sitzer will receive a lump sum payment equal to 1.5 times her base salary plus Incentive Bonus (as described above) and a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of Healthcare Benefits. Upon termination six months preceding or 12 months following a Change in Control, Ms. Sitzer will receive a lump sum payment equal to 2.5 times her base salary plus Incentive Bonus and a lump sum payment equal to 30 months of Healthcare Benefits. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 60 

PART III 
 We expect to file a definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. Only those sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement that specifically address the items required to be set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 61 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) List of Documents Filed. 
 1. The list of the financial statements contained herein is set forth on page F-1 hereof. 
 2. Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation is set forth beginning on page S-1 hereof. All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 3. The Exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index below. 
 (b) See (a) 3 above. 
 (c) See (a) 2 above. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following exhibits are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 29, 2020, by and among Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc., GRT (Cardinal REIT Merger Sub), LLC, Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership, L.P., GRT OP (Cardinal New GP Sub), LLC, GRT OP (Cardinal LP Merger Sub), LLC, GRT OP (Cardinal OP Merger Sub), LLC, Cole Office Industrial REIT (CCIT II), Inc., Cole Corporate Income Operating Partnership II, LP and CRI CCIT II LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus that is part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed on November 25, 2020, SEC File No. 333-250962) 
 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 14, 2018, by and among Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT II, Inc., Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership II, L.P., Globe Merger Sub, LLC, Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc. and Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2018, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 3.1 
 Declaration of Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2023, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2023, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 3.3 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 20, 2023, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 3.4 
 Articles Supplementary to First Articles of Amendment and Restatement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 3.5 
 Articles of Amendment to Declaration of Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 10, 2023, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 4.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program 
 4.2 
 Description of Securities 
 10.1+ 
 Employee and Director Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 21, 2014, SEC File No. 333-194280 
 10.2+ 
 Griffin Realty Trust Amended and Restated Employee and Trustee Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix B included in the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 15, 2020, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 10.2+ 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Griffin Realty Trust Amended and Restated Employee and Trustee Long-Term Incentive Plan, , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2022, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.3+ 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Griffin Realty Trust Amended and Restated Employee and Trustee Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10.4+ 
 Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT II, Inc. s Employee and Director Long-Term Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Share Award for Directors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 15, 2017, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.5 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of GRT OP, L.P., dated February 23, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 27, 2023, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.6 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of PKST OP, L.P., dated March 16, 2023 
 10.7 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated April 30, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.8 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 1, 2020, by and among Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership, L.P., the lending institutions party thereto as lenders and KeyBank, National Association, as administrative agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 9, 2020, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.9 
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated December 18, 2020, by and among Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership, L.P., the lending institutions party thereto as lenders and KeyBank, National Association, as administrative agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit10.1 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2020, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.10 
 Third Amendment to Second Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 14, 2021, by and among Griffin Realty Trust, GRT OP, L.P., and the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lending institutions party thereto as lenders and KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 16, 2021, SEC File No. 000-555605 
 10.11 
 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated April 28, 2022, by and among Griffin Realty Trust, GRT OP, L.P., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lending institutions party thereto as lenders and KeyBank National Association as administrative agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 8, 2022, SEC File No. 000-555605 
 10.12 
 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated September 28, 2022, by and among Griffin Realty Trust, GRT OP, L.P., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lending institutions party thereto as lenders and KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2022, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.13 
 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 30, 2022, by and among Griffin Realty Trust, GRT OP, L.P., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lending institutions party thereto as lenders and KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 5, 2022, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.14 
 Guaranty Agreement with KeyBank dated April 30, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.15 
 Amended and Restated 2023 Term Note payable to KeyBank dated April 30, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.16 
 2024 Term Note payable to KeyBank dated April 30, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.17 
 2026 Term Note payable to KeyBank dated April 30, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.18 
 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Note payable to KeyBank dated April 30, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 10.19 
 Swingline Note with KeyBank dated April 30, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.20 
 Schedule of Omitted Documents for KeyBank Loan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 1, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.21 
 2025 Term Note payable to KeyBank, National Association dated December 18, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2020, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.22 
 Schedule of Omitted Documents for New 400M 5-Year Term Loan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2020, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.23 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated December 14, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Predecessor's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2018, SEC File No. 000-54377 
 10.24 
 Contribution Agreement dated December 14, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to our Predecessor's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2018, SEC File No. 000-54377 
 10.25 
 Form of Master Property Management, Leasing and Construction Management Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Predecessor's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on December 10, 2009, SEC File No. 333-159167 
 10.26 
 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 8, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Predecessor's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 13, 2018, SEC File No. 000-54377 
 10.27 
 Administrative Services Agreement dated December 14, 2018, by and among our Predecessor, our Predecessor Operating Partnership, Griffin Capital Company, LLC, Griffin Capital, LLC, Griffin Capital Essential Asset TRS, Inc., and Griffin Capital Real Estate Company, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to our Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 15, 2019, SEC File No. 000-54377 
 10.28 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement dated December 14, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Predecessor s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2018, SEC File No. 000-54377 
 10.29+ 
 Escalante Employment Agreement dated December 14, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Predecessor s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2018, SEC File No. 000-54377 
 10.30+ 
 Form of Employment Agreement for Other Officers dated December 14, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Predecessor s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2018, SEC File No. 000-54377 
 10.31+ 
 Employment Agreement with Nina Momtazee Sitzer effective June 10, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 14, 2019, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.32+ 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (NEOs), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 12, 2020, SEC File No. 000- 55605 
 10.33+ 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employees), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 12, 2020, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.34+ 
 Form of Restricted Share Award for Directors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 7, 2020, SEC File No. 000- 55605 
 10.35+ 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (NEOs) dated January 22, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 7, 2021, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.36+ 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock-Unit Agreement (Employees) dated January 22, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 7, 2021, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.37+ 
 Form of Initial Restricted Stock Agreement (New Directors) dated March 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 7, 2021, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.38+ 
 Form of One-Time Restricted Stock Unit (NEOs) dated March 25, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 7, 2021, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.39+ 
 Form of One-Time Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employees) dated March 25, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 7, 2021, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 10.40+ 
 Form of One-Time Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Director) dated March 25, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 7, 2021, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.41 
 Sublease executed March 25, 2022, by and between Griffin Capital Company, LLC and Griffin Realty Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2022, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.42 
 Letter Agreement dated March 30, 2022, by and among Griffin Capital Company, LLC, Griffin Capital, LLC, Griffin Realty Trust, GRT OP, L.P., Griffin Capital Essential Asset TRS, Inc. and Griffin Capital Real Estate Company, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2022, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.43 
 Letter Agreement dated June 30, 2022, by and among Griffin Capital Company, LLC, Griffin Capital, LLC, Griffin Realty Trust, GRT OP, L.P., Griffin Capital Essential Asset TRS, Inc. and Griffin Capital Real Estate Company, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 8, 2022, SEC File No. 000-555605 
 10.44 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 26, 2022, by and between the Office Buyers and the GRT Sellers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 1, 2022, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 10.45 
 Joint Venture and Limited Liability Company Agreement of NVO Promote LLC, dated August 26, 2022, by and between GRT VAO OP, LLC and RVMC Capital LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 1, 2022, SEC File No. 000-55605 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Peakstone Realty Trust 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following Peakstone Realty Trust financial information for the period ended December 31, 2022 formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement filed in response to Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not Applicable. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of El Segundo, State of California, on March 24, 2023. 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST By: /s/ Michael J. Escalante Michael J. Escalante Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Michael J. Escalante Chief Executive Officer and President and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) March 24, 2023 Michael J. Escalante /s/ Javier F. Bitar Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) March 24, 2023 Javier F. Bitar 
 /s/ Bryan K. Yamasawa Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 24, 2023 Bryan K. Yamasawa /s/ Kevin A. Shields Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Trustees March 24, 2023 Kevin A. Shields /s/ Gregory M. Cazel Independent Trustee March 24, 2023 Gregory M. Cazel /s/Ranjit M. Kripalani Independent Trustee March 24, 2023 Ranjit M. Kripalani /s/ Kathleen S. Briscoe Independent Trustee March 24, 2023 Kathleen S. Briscoe /s/ J. Grayson Sanders Independent Trustee March 24, 2023 J. Grayson Sanders /s/ Samuel Tang Independent Trustee March 24, 2023 Samuel Tang /s/ James. F. Risoleo Independent Trustee March 24, 2023 James F. Risoleo 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Financial Statement Schedule Schedule III- Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 S- 1 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of Peakstone Realty Trust (formerly known as Griffin Realty Trust, Inc.) 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Peakstone Realty Trust (formerly known as Griffin Realty Trust, Inc.) (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of real estate Description of the Matter 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s carrying value of real estate was 2.9 billion. As discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses the carrying values of its real estate assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate assets may not be fully recoverable. When impairment indicators are identified, recoverability of real estate assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. When the carrying amount of the real estate assets are not recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flows, management calculates an impairment charge as the amount the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the real estate property as of the measurement date. There were 127.6 million of impairment charges related to real estate recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Auditing the Company s evaluation of whether its real estate assets are impaired was complex and involved a high degree of subjectivity in management s assumptions in estimating future cash flows as estimates and judgments underlying the determination of recoverability and fair value were based on assumptions about future market and economic conditions. Where indicators of impairment exist, the estimation required in the undiscounted future cash flows includes future market rental income amounts subsequent to the expiration of current lease agreements, property operating expenses, discount and capitalization rates, the number of months it takes to re-lease the property, and the number of years the property is held for investment. 
 How we Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 Our testing of the Company s impairment assessment included, among other procedures, evaluating the Company s properties for impairment indicators based on indicators under ASC 360. For real estate properties with identified indicators of impairment, we performed audit procedures, that included, among others, testing the key assumptions used by the Company in its projection of the undiscounted future cash flows and estimated fair value of real estate assets that were impaired. With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we compared the key assumptions used by management to observable industry information and appraisals to assess whether the assumptions were market supported. As part of our evaluation, we also performed sensitivity analyses on key assumptions, to assess whether changes to certain assumptions would result in a materially different outcome and assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates. 
 In addition, we performed procedures to evaluate the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized in management s impairment analysis. We also assess information and events subsequent to the balance sheet date, if any, to corroborate certain of the key assumptions used by management. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of goodwill Description of the Matter 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill balance was 94.7 million. As discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis for each reporting unit, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset is more likely than not impaired. The Company s goodwill was initially assigned to a single reporting unit as of the acquisition date of the self-administration transaction. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company realigned its operating segments, which resulted in a change in the composition of its reporting units; therefore, the Company reassigned goodwill to the reporting units using a relative fair value allocation. The Company estimated the relative fair value using a discounted cash flow model. Based on the results of the quantitative impairment test as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded the carrying value of the Office reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 135.3 million, which represents the entire amount of goodwill allocated to the Office segment. 
 Auditing the Company s relative fair value allocation was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimates required to determine the relative fair value of the reporting units. These estimates are affected by assumptions including market rent, terminal capitalization rates and discount rates, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. 
 How we Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 Our testing of the relative fair value of the reporting units included, among other procedures, assessing the valuation methodologies used by the Company and comparing the significant assumptions to current industry and economic trends and market data. We involved our valuation specialists to assist us in performing our audit procedures to test the estimated relative fair values of the Company s reporting units. We performed sensitivity analyses on certain of the Company s significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. 
 In addition, we performed procedures to evaluate the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized in management s relative fair value allocation and impairment analysis. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except units and share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Real estate: Land Building and improvements Tenant origination and absorption cost Construction in progress Total real estate Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total real estate, net Investments in unconsolidated entities Intangible assets, net Deferred rent receivable Deferred leasing costs, net Goodwill Due from affiliates Right of use assets Interest rate swap asset Other assets Real estate assets and other assets held for sale, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Debt, net Restricted reserves Interest rate swap liability Distributions payable Due to affiliates Intangible liabilities, net Lease liability Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Perpetual convertible preferred shares Noncontrolling interests subject to redemption; and units as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Shareholders equity: Common shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares outstanding in the aggregate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively (1) 
 Additional paid-in-capital Cumulative distributions ) ) Accumulated earnings ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Rental income Expenses: Property operating expense Property tax expense Property management fees to non-affiliates General and administrative expenses Corporate operating expenses to affiliates Impairment provision, real estate Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Income before other income (expenses) ) Other income (expenses): Interest expense ) ) ) Debt breakage costs ) Other income, net ) Net loss from investment in unconsolidated entities ) ) (Loss) gain from disposition of assets ) ) Impairment provision, goodwill ) Transaction expenses ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Distributions to redeemable preferred shareholders ) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest ) ) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests attributable to common shareholders ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders per share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income: Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of unconsolidated joint venture Change in fair value of swap agreements ) Total comprehensive income ) ) Distributions to redeemable preferred shareholders ) ) ) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests attributable to common shareholders ) ) ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Cumulative Distributions Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders Equity 
 Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2019 ) ) Gross proceeds from issuance of common shares Deferred equity compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted shares ) ) ) ) Cash distributions to common shareholders ) ) ) Issuance of shares for distribution reinvestment plan ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) ) Reclass of noncontrolling interest subject to redemption Repurchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Reclass of common shares subject to redemption Issuance of share dividend for noncontrolling interest Issuance of share dividends ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests subject to redemption ) ) Offering costs Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Cumulative Distributions Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders Equity 
 Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) Deferred equity compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted shares ) ) ) ) Cash distributions to common shareholders ) ) ) Issuance of shares for distribution reinvestment plan ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Reclass of noncontrolling interest subject to redemption ) ) Reclass of common shares subject to redemption Issuance of shares related to the CCIT II Merger Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests subject to redemption ) ) Offering costs ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Cumulative Distributions Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders Equity 
 Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Deferred equity compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted shares ) ) ) ) Cash distributions to common shareholders ) ) ) Reversal of shares for distribution reinvestment plan ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Reclass of noncontrolling interest subject to redemption Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests subject to redemption ) ) Offering costs ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of building and building improvements Amortization of leasing costs and intangibles, including ground leasehold interests and leasing costs Amortization of below market leases, net ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt premium Amortization of swap interest Deferred rent ) ) ) Deferred rent, ground lease Write-off reserves ) (Gain)/loss from sale of depreciable operating property ) Gain on fair value of earn-out ) ) Loss (income) from investment in unconsolidated entities ) Investment in unconsolidated entities valuation adjustment Loss from investments Impairment provision - real estate assets Impairment provision - goodwill Share-based compensation Change in operating assets and liabilities: Deferred leasing costs and other assets ) Restricted reserves ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Due to affiliates, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Cash acquired in connection with the CCIT II Merger, net of acquisition costs ) Acquisition of properties, net ) Proceeds from disposition of properties Restricted reserves ) ) Real estate acquisition deposits Payments for construction in progress ) ) ) Investment in unconsolidated joint venture ) Distributions of capital from investment in unconsolidated entities Sale of investment in unconsolidated entities Purchase of investment in unconsolidated entities ) Purchase of investments ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing Activities: Proceeds from borrowings - Revolver/KeyBank Loans Proceeds from borrowings - Term Loan Principal payoff of indebtedness - CCIT II Credit Facility ) Principal payoff of secured indebtedness - Revolver Loan ) Principal payoff of secured indebtedness - Mortgage Debt ) ) Principal pay down of indebtedness - Revolving Credit Facility ) Principal payoff of indebtedness - Term Loan ) Principal amortization payments on secured indebtedness ) ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) ) Offering costs ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Repurchase of noncontrolling interest ) Issuance of common shares, net of discounts and underwriting costs Repurchase of common shares to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred units subject to redemption ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Distributions to common shareholders ) ) ) Financing lease payment ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Distributions payable to common shareholders Distributions payable to noncontrolling interests Common shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan Common share redemptions funded subsequent to period-end Issuance of share dividends Mortgage debt assumed in conjunction with the acquisition of real estate assets plus a premium Accrued for construction in progress Accrued tenant obligations Change in fair value swap agreement ) Decrease in shareholder servicing fee payable ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Net assets acquired in CCIT II Merger in exchange for common shares Capitalized transaction costs paid in prior period 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

1. 
 billion, including transaction costs, in a stock-for-stock transaction (the CCIT II Merger ). At the effective time of the CCIT II Merger, each issued and outstanding share of CCIT II Class A common shares and each issued and outstanding share of CCIT II Class T common shares were converted into the right to receive Class E common shares. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company changed its name from Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc. to Griffin Realty Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership changed its name from Griffin Capital Essential Asset Operating Partnership, L.P. to GRT OP, L.P. 
 On November 10, 2022, the Company completed an internal restructuring pursuant to which the Operating Partnership became wholly owned by an operating company, GRT OP LLC (the Operating Company ). On February 23, 2023, the Company completed an additional restructuring to restore the Company s operating structure to its condition prior to the internal restructuring. The Operating Partnership owns, directly and indirectly, all of the properties that the Company has acquired. As of December 31, 2022, (i) the Company indirectly owned approximately of the outstanding limited liability company units of the Operating Company ("OP Units"), (ii) the former sponsor and certain of its affiliates owned approximately of the OP Units, including approximately million OP Units owned by the Company s current Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Company's Board of Trustees (the "Board"), Kevin A. Shields, a result of the contribution of properties to the Company and the internalization of management of GRT in December 2018 (the "Self-Administration Transaction"), and (iii) the remaining approximately of the OP Units are owned by unaffiliated third parties. The Operating Partnership may conduct certain activities through one or more of the Company s taxable REIT subsidiaries, which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company ha d issued common shares (approximately billion) of common shares since November 9, 2009 in various private offerings, public offerings, distribution reinvestment plan ("DRP") offerings and mergers (includes our Predecessor s offerings and our Predecessor s merger with Signature Office REIT, Inc. and the CCIT II Merger). There were common shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, including shares issued pursuant to the DRP, less shares redeemed pursuant to the share redemption program ("SRP") and a self-tender offer. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had issued approximately million in shares pursuant to the DRP. 
 On March 10, 2023, the Company completed a one-for-nine reverse share split with respect to each class of its common shares, converting every nine shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common shares of each class into one share of such class, with no changes to the par value per share. The reverse share split did not affect the number of the Company s authorized common shares. The Company has retrospectively adjusted, for all periods presented, all share and per share amounts to reflect the impact of the reverse share split. Also on March 10, 2023, the Company changed its name from Griffin Realty Trust to Peakstone Realty Trust and the Operating Partnership changed its name from GRT OP, L.P. to PKST OP, L.P. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 2. 
 cash equivalents, nor were there restrictions on the use of the Company s cash balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company maintains its cash accounts with major financial institutions. The cash balances consist of business checking accounts. These accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to 250,000 at each institution. The Company has not experienced any losses with respect to cash balances in excess of government provided insurance. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 - years 
 Building Improvements - years 
 Land Improvements - years 
 Tenant Improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or remaining contractual lease term Tenant Origination and Absorption Cost Remaining contractual lease term In-place Lease Valuation Remaining contractual lease term with consideration as to below-market extension options for below-market leases 

F-13 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 ground leases, which were classified as operating leases under ASC 840. As the Company elected the packages of practical expedients, the Company is not required to reassess the classification of these existing leases and, as such, these leases continue to be accounted for as operating leases. 
 On January 1, 2019, the Company recognized ROU assets and lease liabilities for these leases on the Company's consolidated balance sheets, and on a go-forward basis, lease expense will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the lease. On January 1, 2019, the Company recorded a ROU asset of million and a corresponding liability of approximately million relating to the Company's existing ground lease arrangements. These operating leases were recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. As these leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available in determining the present value of future payments. The discount rate used to determine the present value of these operating leases future payments was . There was no impact to beginning equity as a result of the adoption related to the lessee accounting as the difference between the asset and liability is attributed to derecognition of pre-existing straight-line rent balances. 
 Upon adoption of ASC 842, the Company also elected the practical expedient to not separate non-lease components, such as common area maintenance, from associated lease components for the Company's ground and office space leases. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

of the Company s Office, Industrial, and Other reporting units on a relative fair value basis, which is determined as the fair value of assets less liabilities for each reporting unit. Given this method, the fair value of real estate assets and mortgage loans included within each reporting unit were the significant components in determining relative fair value. The Company estimated the fair value of real estate assets using a discounted cash flow model, including forecasted future cash flows based on significant assumptions such as market rent, and the determination of appropriate discount and terminal capitalization rates. The Company estimated the fair value of the mortgage loans in each reporting unit by discounting each loan s principal balance over the remaining term of the mortgage using current borrowing rates available to the Company for debt instruments with similar terms and maturities. The Company determined that the amounts within the consolidated financial statements for the remaining assets and liabilities approximated fair value. For any corporate related amounts that were not specifically identifiable to any reporting unit, the Company allocated those amounts on a relative fair value basis using the specifically identified assets and liabilities. 
 As a result of the quantitative assessment as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Office reporting unit was less than the carrying amount, especially given the general decline in overall demand for office assets. Thus, the Company recorded a million goodwill impairment, which represents the entire amount of goodwill allocated to the Office segment. 
 See Note 8, Fair Value Measurements , for details regarding the inputs used in determining the impairment of goodwill. See Note 14, Segment Reporting , for allocation of goodwill for each of the Company s segments. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

Total excluded shares were , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 reportable segments: Industrial, Office, and Other. The Industrial segment consists of high-quality, well-located industrial properties with modern specifications. The Office segment includes newer, high-quality, and business-essential office properties. The Other segment consists of vacant and non-core properties, together with other properties in the same cross-collateralized loan pools. This segment includes properties that are either non-stabilized, leased to tenants with shorter lease terms or are being evaluated for repositioning, re-leasing or potential sale. The Company recast its segment results for all prior periods presented to show the reportable segments. See Note 14, Segment Reporting , for details regarding each of the Company s segments. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

3. 
 properties in states consisting substantially of office, industrial, and manufacturing facilities with a combined acquisition value of approximately billion, including the allocation of the purchase price to above and below-market lease valuation. 
 Depreciation expense for buildings and improvements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Amortization expense for intangibles, including but not limited to, tenant origination and absorption costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million respectively. 
 Intangibles 
 In-place lease valuation (above market) - accumulated amortization ) ) In-place lease valuation (above market), net Ground leasehold interest (below market) Ground leasehold interest (below market) - accumulated amortization ) Ground leasehold interest (below market), net Intangibles - other Intangibles - other - accumulated amortization ) ) Intangibles - other, net Intangible assets, net In-place lease valuation (below market) ) ) Land leasehold interest (above market) ) ) In-place lease valuation land leasehold interest - accumulated amortization Intangibles - other (above market) ) ) Intangible liabilities, net ) ) Tenant origination and absorption cost Tenant origination and absorption cost - accumulated amortization ) ) Tenant origination and absorption cost, net 
 The intangible assets are amortized over the remaining lease term of each property, which on a weighted-average basis, was approximately years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) ) ) Tenant origination and absorption cost Ground leasehold amortization (below market) ) ) ) Other leasing costs amortization 
 The following table sets forth the estimated annual amortization (income) expense for in-place lease valuation, net, tenant origination and absorption costs, ground leasehold interest, and other leasing costs as of December 31, 2022 for the next five years: 
 Year In-place lease valuation, net Tenant origination and absorption costs Ground leasehold interest Other leasing costs 2023 ) ) 2024 ) ) 2025 ) ) 2026 ) ) 2027 ) ) 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 As of December 31, 2022, the 16752 Armstrong Avenue property located in Irvine, California met the criteria for classification as held for sale. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, this property was sold. See Note 15, Subsequent Events , for further details. 
 Building and improvements Tenant origination and absorption cost Total real estate Less: accumulated depreciation ) Total real estate, net Intangible assets, net Deferred rent Other assets, net Total assets held for sale 
 Sale of Properties 
 On August 26, 2022, the Company sold a -property office portfolio (the Office Portfolio located across the continental United States. The sale price for the Office Portfolio was billion, less closing costs and other closing credits. Upon the sale of the Office Portfolio, the Company recognized a loss of approximately million and entered into the Office Joint Venture. See Note 4, Investment in Unconsolidated Entities , for details. 
 On September 23, 2022, the Company sold property located in Phoenix, Arizona. The sale price for the property was million, less closing costs and other closing credits. The Company recognized a gain of approximately million. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 property located in Birmingham, Alabama. The sale price for the property was million, less closing costs and other credits. The Company recognized a loss for approximately million. 
 On December 27, 2022, the Company sold a -property portfolio for approximately million, less closing costs and other credits. The Company recognized a loss of approximately million and purchased an additional interest in the Office Joint Venture. See Note 4, Investment in Unconsolidated Entities , for details. 
 Real Estate Impairments 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the preparation and review of the financial statements, the Company recorded an impairment provision of approximately million as it was determined that the carrying value of the real estate would not be recoverable on properties located in the Northeast, Midwest, Southwest, Southern, and West regions of the United States. This impairment resulted from changes in anticipated hold period and selling price. In determining the fair value of the properties, the Company considered Level 3 inputs. See Note 8, Fair Value Measurements , for details. Additionally, the impairment related to properties included within our Office and Other segments, of which the amounts recognized were million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Cash 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of certain assets, as required by certain lease provisions or certain lenders in conjunction with an acquisition or debt financing, or credits received by the seller of certain assets, the Company assumed or funded reserves for specific property improvements and deferred maintenance, re-leasing costs, and taxes and insurance, which are included on the consolidated balance sheets as restricted cash. 
 Restricted lockbox Total 

4. 
 interest in the Office Portfolio, equal to approximately million, through a joint venture (the Office Joint Venture ). The Office Joint Venture is managed by RVMC Capital LLC, an affiliate of Workspace Property Trust (the Managing Member ). 
 The Managing Member of the Office Joint Venture has general authority to manage the operations of the Office Joint Venture. The Managing Member also has day-to-day management authority over the Office Joint Venture, subject to certain major decision rights held by another minority interest holder. The Managing Member may be removed from its management positions upon the occurrence of specified events. 
 GRT VAO Sub has approval rights over certain major decisions regarding actions by the Office Joint Venture, including certain fundamental decisions that the Office Joint Venture may approve. GRT VAO Sub s obligation is generally limited to its initial contribution. GRT VAO Sub is not obligated to make any additional capital contributions beyond its initial capital contribution. 
 The Office Joint Venture, through various subsidiary borrowers, obtained acquisition financing for the Office Portfolio comprised of (a) a million mortgage loan (the Mortgage Loan ), and (b) a million mezzanine loan (the Mezzanine Loan , and together with the Mortgage Loan, the Office JV Loans ). The initial maturity date of the Office JV Loans is September 9, 2023, subject to , extension options. The interest rates during the initial term of the Mortgage Loan and the Mezzanine Loan are Term SOFR (1-month) (with a interest rate cap on SOFR) + (subject to a increase during each extension term) and Term SOFR (1-month) with a interest rate cap on SOFR + 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 increase during each extension term), respectively. The Office Joint Venture paid million for the interest rate caps. 
 The Office Joint Venture, through various subsidiary borrowers, also obtained acquisition financing for a companion sale of a majority interest in a five property portfolio, comprised of a million mortgage loan, having an initial maturity date of January 6, 2024 (subject to , extension options), and an interest rate during the initial term of Term SOFR (1-month) with a interest rate cap on SOFR + (subject to a increase during each extension term). The Company has not guaranteed any debt obligations and has not otherwise committed to providing financial support in respect of the debt. In addition, the Company does not anticipate receiving any near-term cash flow distributions. Considering the Company s limited economic exposure to the Office Joint Venture, the Company excludes interests in the assets in the Office Joint Venture from operating data. 
 In connection with the Office JV Loans, the Operating Partnership and GRT VAO Sub entered into a certain Put Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPM ), pursuant to which JPM had the right to put to Operating Partnership and GRT VAO Sub a portion of its interest in the Mezzanine Loan in the principal face amount of million (the Mezzanine Interest ). On September 29, 2022, JPM sold to GRT VAO Sub the Mezzanine Interest for approximately million, which was initially included in the line item Investments in unconsolidated entities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 On December 23, 2022, we sold the Mezzanine Interest for million. We recorded an estimated loss of approximately million, which includes accrued interest and is presented in the "Net loss from investment in unconsolidated entities in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 The interests discussed above are deemed to be variable interests in variable interest entities ("VIE") and based on an evaluation of the variable interests against the criteria for consolidation, the Company determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the investment, as the Company does not have power to direct the activities of the entities that most significantly affect their performance. As such, the interest in the VIE is recorded using the equity method of accounting in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Under the equity method, the investments in the unconsolidated entities are stated at cost and adjusted for the Company s share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions. Equity in earnings of real estate ventures is generally recognized based on the allocation of cash distributions upon liquidation of the investment at book value in accordance with the operating agreements. The Company records the net earnings or losses on investment on a one quarter lag. The Company's maximum exposure to losses associated with its unconsolidated investments is primarily limited to its carrying value in the investments. 
 Contributions Net loss (1) 
 ) Sale of Mezzanine Loan Interest ) Other Comprehensive Income Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) The net loss includes million of loss on the sale of the Mezzanine Loan. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 Other assets Total assets Liabilities Mortgages payable, net Other liabilities Total Liabilities 
 (1) Amounts are as of September 30, 2022 due to the recording of the Office Joint Venture s activity on a one quarter lag. 
 The table below presents condensed statements of operations of the unconsolidated Office Joint Venture (1) : December 31, 2022 Total revenues Total expenses ) Net Income ) 
 (1) Amounts represent the period of the Company s ownership from August 26, 2022 to September 30, 2022 due to the recording of the Office Joint Venture s activity on a one quarter lag. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 5. 
 April 2023 Midland Mortgage Loan (5) Samsonite Loan September 2023 Highway 94 Loan August 2024 Pepsi Bottling Ventures Loan October 2024 AIG Loan II November 2025 BOA Loan (6) BOA/KeyBank Loan May 2028 AIG Loan February 2029 Total Mortgage Debt Revolving Credit Facility (3) 
 SOF Rate + 
 (7) June 2024 2023 Term Loan (8) 2024 Term Loan SOF Rate + 
 April 2024 2025 Term Loan SOF Rate + 
 December 2025 2026 Term Loan SOF Rate + 
 April 2026 Total Debt Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs and Discounts, net ) ) Total Debt, net 
 (1) Including the effect of the interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of million the weighted average interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was for both the Company s fixed-rate and variable-rate debt combined and for the Company s fixed-rate debt only. 
 (2) Reflects the effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and includes the effect of amortization of discounts/premiums and deferred financing costs. 
 (3) The SOF rate as of December 31, 2022 (effective date) was 4.30 , which excludes a per annum index adjustment as required per Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Facility had an initial term of approximately , and was initially scheduled to mature on June 28, 2022. Through the Fifth Amendment to the Restated Credit Agreement, the Company elected to extend the maturity until September 30, 2023 and the Company has a series of three extension options (December 30, 2023, March 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024). See discussion below. 
 (4) Reflects the loan maturity as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Midland Mortgage Loan was repaid in August 2022 and had a contractual interest rate of . 
 (6) BOA Loan was repaid in August 2022 and had a contractual interest rate of . 
 (7) Revolving Credit Facility was paid down in August 2022 and has a contractual interest rate of SOFR + . 
 (8) 2023 Term Loan was paid down in September 2022 and had a contractual interest rate of LIBOR + . 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 30, 2019 (as amended by the First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 1, 2020 (the First Amendment ), the Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 18, 2020 (the Second Amendment ), the Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 14, 2021 (the Third Amendment ), the Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September April 28, 2022 (the Fourth Amendment ), the Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 28, 2022 (the Fifth Amendment ), and the Sixth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022 (the Sixth Amendment , and together with the First Amendment, the Second 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 billion credit facility consisting of a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility maturing in September 2023 with (subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions) and a series of extension options, a million senior unsecured term loan maturing in April 2024 (the M Term Loan ), a million senior unsecured term loan maturing in December 2025 (the M Term Loan), and a million senior unsecured term loan maturing in April 2026 (the M Term Loan (collectively, the KeyBank Loans ). The 200M 5-Year Term Loan was paid-off as noted below. The credit facility also provides the option, subject to obtaining additional commitments from lenders and certain other customary conditions, to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, increase the existing term loans and/or incur new term loans by up to an additional million in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was million. 
 The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides that the Operating Partnership must maintain a pool of unencumbered real properties (each a "Pool Property" and collectively the "Pool Properties") that meet certain requirements contained in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The agreement sets forth certain covenants relating to the Pool Properties, including, without limitation, the following: 
 there must be no less than Pool Properties at any time; 
 no greater than of the aggregate pool value may be contributed by a single Pool Property or tenant; 
 no greater than of the aggregate pool value may be contributed by Pool Properties subject to ground leases; 
 no greater than of the aggregate pool value may be contributed by Pool Properties which are under development or assets under renovation; 
 the minimum aggregate leasing percentage of all Pool Properties must be no less than ; and 
 other limitations as determined by KeyBank upon further due diligence of the Pool Properties. 
 Borrowing availability under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is limited to the lesser of the maximum amount of all loans outstanding that would result in (i) an unsecured leverage ratio of no greater than , or (ii) an unsecured interest coverage ratio of no less than :1.00. 
 Guarantors of the KeyBank Loans include the Company, each special purpose entity that owns a Pool Property, and each of the Operating Partnership's other subsidiaries which owns a direct or indirect equity interest in a SPE that owns a Pool Property. 
 In addition to customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnities, the KeyBank Loans require the Operating Partnership to comply with the following at all times, which will be tested on a quarterly basis: 
 a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of , or, the ratio may increase to for up to consecutive quarters after a material acquisition; 
 a minimum consolidated tangible net worth of of the Company's consolidated tangible net worth at closing of the Revolving Credit Facility, or approximately billion, plus of net future equity issuances (including OP Units), minus of the amount of any payments used to redeem the Company's shares or OP Units, minus any amounts paid for the redemption or retirement of or any accrued return on the preferred equity issued under the preferred equity investment made in our Predecessor in August 2018 by SHBNPP Global Professional Investment Type Private Real Estate Trust No. 13 (H), and minus of the tangible net worth of certain distributions and/or dividends (defined as Restricted Payments that are otherwise permitted by the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement; 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 of the Company's consolidated tangible net worth at the time of such initial public offering plus of net future equity issuances (including OP Units) should the Company publicly list its shares; 
 a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than :1.00; 
 a maximum total secured debt ratio of not greater than , which ratio will increase by percentage points for quarters after closing of a material acquisition that is financed with secured debt; 
 a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio of :1.00; 
 a maximum total secured recourse debt ratio, excluding recourse obligations associated with interest rate hedges, of of our total asset value; and 
 aggregate maximum unhedged variable rate debt of not greater than of the Company's total asset value. 
 Furthermore, the activities of the Operating Partnership, the Company, and the Company's subsidiaries must be focused principally on the ownership, development, operation and management of office, industrial, manufacturing, warehouse, distribution or educational properties (or mixed uses thereof) and businesses reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 
 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 On July 14, 2021, the Company, through the Operating Partnership, entered into the Third Amendment. The Third Amendment amended the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to decrease the applicable interest rate margin for the M Term Loan. After giving effect to the Third Amendment, the M Term Loan accrues interest, at the Operating Partnership s election, at a per annum rate equal to either (i) the LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from to or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to , in each case such applicable margin to be based on the Company's consolidated leverage ratio. Prior to the Third Amendment, the applicable margin for LIBOR based loans was to and for base rate loans was to , in each case based on the Company's consolidated leverage ratio. All other terms of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement were unchanged. new term loan borrowings were incurred under the Third Amendment. The applicable rate for the M Term Loan decreased basis points from to . 
 Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment, the Company amended the Company s maturity extension option on the Revolving Credit Facility from a extension option (to June 2023) to a series of extension options (to September 28, 2022, December 28, 2022, March 28, 2023, and June 28, 2023, respectively). The exercise of each extension option requires the payment of a fee of on the extended revolving loan commitments and is subject to certain other customary conditions. On May 24, 2022, the Company exercised the first extension option on the Revolving Credit Facility, which extends the maturity date from June 28, 2022 to September 28, 2022. 
 Upon the sale of the Office Portfolio and property in Phoenix, Arizona, the Company repaid approximately million of the Revolving Credit Facility and paid off approximately million of the 2023 Term Loan. See Note 3, Real Estate , for details of the sale of the Office Portfolio. 
 Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, the Company extended the maturity date on the Revolving Credit Facility from September 28, 2022 to September 30, 2023 and amended the maturity date extension options to a series of extensions (to December 30, 2023, March 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively). In addition, the contract interest rate was amended from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus per annum (collectively, the Adjusted SOFR ). See Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policie s, for details on the impact of the Company s hedge accounting. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 to Adjusted SOFR plus , (b) in the case of each of the M Term Loan, the M Term Loan 2025, and the M Term Loan, from Adjusted SOFR plus to Adjusted SOFR plus . If the Operating Partnership obtains an investment grade rating of its senior unsecured long term debt from Standard Poor's Rating Services, Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or Fitch, Inc., the applicable SOFR margin and base rate margin will vary based on such rating and range (i) in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility, from Adjusted SOFR plus to Adjusted SOFR plus , (ii) in the case of each of the M Term Loan, the M Term Loan 2025, and the M Term Loan, from Adjusted SOFR plus to Adjusted SOFR plus . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining undrawn capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was million. 
 Sixth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Sixth Amendment, the Company amended the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by, among other things, amending the covenant regarding Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) such that the calculation thereof takes into account certain distributions and/or dividends (defined as Restricted Payments that are otherwise permitted by Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Midland Mortgage Loan and BOA Loan 
 As a result of the sale of the Office Portfolio, the Company repaid approximately million and million of the Midland Mortgage Loan and BOA Loan, respectively, which included a prepayment premium of approximately million for the Midland Mortgage Loan and million for the BOA Loan. See Note 3, Real Estate, for details of the sale of the Office Portfolio. 
 Debt Covenant Compliance 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Company's mortgage loans and the KeyBank Loans, the Operating Partnership, in consolidation with the Company, is subject to certain loan compliance covenants. The Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal Unamortized debt premium/(discount) Unamortized deferred loan costs ) Total 

6. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 Interest Rate Swap 3/10/2020 7/1/2025 Interest Rate Swap 3/10/2020 7/1/2025 Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 ) Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 ) Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 ) Interest Rate Swap 7/1/2020 7/1/2025 ) Total ) 
 (1) The Company records all derivative instruments on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheets, and accordingly there are no offsetting amounts that net assets against liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, derivatives in a liability position are included in an asset or liability position are included in the line item "Other assets or Interest rate swap liability," respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The LIBO rate as of December 31, 2022 (effective date) was . 
 ) ) Amount of (gain) loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings under Interest expense ) ) Total interest expense presented in the consolidated statement of operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded 
 During the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company estimates that an additional million of its expense will be recognized from AOCI into earnings. 
 Certain agreements with the derivative counterparties contain a provision that if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including a default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender within a specified time period, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had not posted any collateral related to these agreements . 

7. 
 Prepaid tenant rent Deferred compensation Property operating expense payable Real estate taxes payable Redemptions payable Accrued tenant improvements Other liabilities Total 

8. 
 Mutual Funds Asset December 31, 2021 Interest Rate Swap Asset Interest Rate Swap Liability ) ) Mutual Funds Asset 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 of the Company's properties were impaired based on shortened expected hold periods and expected selling prices. The Company considered these inputs as Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. 
 to 
 - 
 Terminal capitalization rate to 
 - 
 Discount rate to 
 - 
 
 Range of Inputs or Input Unobservable Inputs Southern Property Northeast Properties Southwest Properties West Properties Expected selling price per square foot 
 - 
 
 - 
 Estimated hold period Less than 
 Less than 
 Less than 
 Less than 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 As a result of the updated composition of reporting units to align with the new segments, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Office reporting unit was less than the carrying amount, especially given the general decline in overall demand for office assets. Thus, the Company recorded a million goodwill impairment. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of real estate assets within the goodwill impairment calculation using a discounted cash flow model, including forecasted future cash flows based on significant assumptions such as market rent, and the determination of appropriate discount and terminal capitalization rates. The Company considered these inputs as Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Terminal capitalization rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Discount rate - 
 - 
 - 
 
 The Company also estimated the fair value of the mortgage loans within the goodwill impairment calculation as described in the Financial Instruments Disclosed at Fair Value section. The Company considered these inputs as Level 2 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. Refer to the table below for further details around the fair value of the mortgage loans. For the remaining assets and liabilities included within the goodwill calculation, the Company determined that amounts within the consolidated financial statements approximated fair value. 
 Financial Instruments Disclosed at Fair Value 
 Financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and mortgage payable and other borrowings, as defined in Note 5, Debt . With the exception of the mortgage loans in the table below, the amounts of the financial instruments presented in the consolidated financial statements substantially approximate their fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 mortgage loans in the table below is estimated by discounting each loan s principal balance over the remaining term of the mortgage using current borrowing rates available to the Company for debt instruments with similar terms and maturities. 
 BOA/KeyBank Loan AIG Loan II AIG Loan Midland Mortgage Loan Samsonite Loan HealthSpring Mortgage Loan Pepsi Bottling Ventures Loan Highway 94 Loan Total 
 (1) The carrying values do not include the debt premium/(discount) or deferred financing costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 5, Debt , for details. 

9. 
 vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of the Company's shareholders; provided that with respect to any matter that would only have a material adverse effect on the rights of a particular class of common shares, only the holders of such affected class are entitled to vote . 
 Class AA Class AAA Class D Class E Class I Class S Class T 
 Common Equity 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received aggregate gross offering proceeds of approximately billion from the sale of shares in the private offering, the public offerings, the DRP offerings and mergers (includes our Predecessor offerings and our Predecessor s merger with Signature Office REIT, Inc., the Predecessor Mergers and the CCIT II Merger) , as discussed in Note 1, Organization . As part of the billion from the sale of shares, the Company issued approximately common shares upon the consummation of the merger of Signature Office REIT, Inc. in June 2015 and Class E shares (in exchange for all outstanding shares of our Predecessor 's common stock at the time of the Predecessor 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 Class E shares (in exchange for all the outstanding shares of CCIT II's common stock at the time of the CCIT II Merger). As of December 31, 2022, there were shares outstanding, including shares issued pursuant to the DRP, less shares redeemed pursuant to the SRP and the self-tender offer, which occurred in May 2019. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (DRP) 
 The Company has adopted the DRP, which allows shareholders to have dividends and other distributions otherwise distributable to them invested in additional common shares. No sales commissions or dealer manager fees will be paid on shares sold through the DRP, but the DRP shares will be charged the applicable distribution fee payable with respect to all shares of the applicable class. The purchase price per share under the DRP is equal to the net asset value ("NAV") per share applicable to the class of shares purchased, calculated using the most recently published NAV available at the time of reinvestment. The Company may amend or terminate the DRP for any reason at any time upon days' prior written notice to shareholders, which may be provided through the Company's filings with the SEC. 
 On July 17, 2020, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 for the registration of up to million in shares pursuant to the Company's DRP (the DRP Offering ). The DRP Offering may be terminated at any time upon days prior written notice to shareholders. 
 On October 1, 2021, the Board approved a suspension of the DRP, effective October 11, 2021. 
 Class AA Class AAA Class D Class E Class I Class S Class T Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had issued approximately million in shares pursuant to the DRP offerings, respectively. 
 Share Redemption Program (SRP) 
 Prior to its suspension in February 2023 in anticipation of the proposed listing of the Company s common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the Listing ), the Company had adopted the SRP that enables shareholders to sell their shares to the Company in limited circumstances. The SRP was suspended on October 1, 2021 but resumed on a limited basis on August 5, 2022 (i.e., limited to redemptions in connection with a holder s death, disability or incompetence) with the cap on quarterly redemptions tied to a dollar amount set by the Board and disclosed by the Company. Quarterly redemptions were capped at million (or some other quarterly or annual amount determined by the Board and announced at least business days before the applicable redemption date). In addition, during any calendar year, with respect to each share class, the Company was permitted to redeem no more than of the weighted-average number of shares of such class outstanding during the prior calendar year. 
 Under the SRP, when the SRP is not suspended, the Company will redeem shares as of the last business day of each quarter. The redemption price is equal to the most recently published NAV per share for the applicable class prior to quarter 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 of the Company's common shares, then the Company would redeem all of such shareholder s shares to the extent that there are funds available. All unsatisfied redemption requests were treated as a request for redemption at the redemption date unless withdrawn by the shareholder. 
 Weighted average price per share 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received redemption requests of common shares for approximately million, which exceeded the limitation of approximately million. 
 Since July 31, 2014 and through December 31, 2022, the Company had redeemed shares (excluding the self-tender offer) of common shares for approximately million at a weighted average price per share of pursuant to the SRP. 
 Series A Preferred Shares 
 On August 8, 2018, our Predecessor entered into a purchase agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with SHBNPP Global Professional Investment Type Private Real Estate Trust No. 13(H) (acting through Kookmin Bank as trustee) (the "Purchaser") and Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management Corporation, as an asset manager of the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Purchaser agreed to purchase an aggregate of shares of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Shares at a price of per share (the "Series A Preferred Shares") in tranches, each comprising Series A Preferred Shares. On August 8, 2018 (the "First Issuance Date"), our Predecessor issued Series A Preferred Shares to the Purchaser for a total purchase price of million (the "First Issuance"). Our Predecessor paid transaction fees totaling of the First Issuance purchase price and incurred approximately million in transaction-related expenses to unaffiliated third parties. Our Predecessor s former external advisor incurred transaction-related expenses of approximately million, which was reimbursed by our Predecessor. 
 Upon consummation of the Predecessor Mergers, the Company issued Series A Preferred Shares to the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser has agreed to purchase an additional Series A Preferred Shares (the "Second Issuance") at a later date (the "Second Issuance Date") for an additional purchase price of million subject to approval by the Purchaser s internal investment committee and the satisfaction of certain other conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser is generally restricted from transferring the Series A Preferred Shares or the economic interest in the Series A Preferred Shares for a period of from the applicable closing date. 
 The issuance of the Company's Series A Preferred Shares was not registered under the Securities Act and are not listed on a national securities exchange. The articles supplementary filed by the Company related to the Series A Preferred Shares set forth the key terms of such shares as follows: 
 Distributions 
 Subject to the terms of the applicable articles supplementary, the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares are entitled to receive distributions quarterly in arrears at a rate equal to one-fourth (1/4) of the applicable varying rate, as follows: 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 from and after the First Issuance Date, or if the Second Issuance occurs, from and after the Second Issuance Date until the five year anniversary of the First Issuance Date, or if the Second Issuance occurs, the five year anniversary of the Second Issuance Date (the Reset Date ), subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below; 
 ii. from and after the Reset Date, subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below; 
 iii. if a listing of the Company's Common Shares or the Series A Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange registered under Section 6(a) of the Exchange Act, does not occur by August 1, 2020 (the First Triggering Event ), from and after August 2, 2020 and from and after the Reset Date, subject to (iv) below and certain conditions as set forth in the articles supplementary; or 
 iv. if such a listing does not occur by August 1, 2021, from and after August 2, 2021 until the Reset Date, and from and after the Reset Date. 
 
 Liquidation Preference 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will be entitled to be paid out of the Company's assets legally available for distribution to the shareholders, after payment of or provision for the Company's debts and other liabilities, liquidating distributions, in cash or property at its fair market value as determined by the Company's Board, in the amount, for each outstanding Series A Preferred Share equal to per Series A Preferred Share (the "Liquidation Preference"), plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the date of payment, before any distribution or payment is made to holders of common shares or any other class or series of equity securities ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Shares but subject to the preferential rights of holders of any class or series of equity securities ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Shares. After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation Preference to which they are entitled, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the date of payment, the holders of Series A Preferred Shares will have no right or claim to any of the Company's remaining assets. 
 Company Redemption Rights 
 The Series A Preferred Shares may be redeemed by the Company, in whole or in part, at the Company's option, at a per share redemption price in cash equal to per Series A Preferred Share (the "Redemption Price"), plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares up to the redemption date, plus, a redemption fee of of the Redemption Price in the case of a redemption that occurs on or after the date of the First Triggering Event, but before the date that is from the First Issuance Date. 
 Holder Redemption Rights 
 In the event the Company fails to effect a listing of the Company s common shares or Series A Preferred Shares by August 1, 2023, the holder of any Series A Preferred Shares has the option to request a redemption of such shares on or on any date following August 1, 2023, at the Redemption Price, plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions up to the redemption date (the "Redemption Right"); provided, however, that no holder of the Series A Preferred Shares shall have a Redemption Right if such a listing occurs prior to or on August 1, 2023. 
 Conversion Rights 
 Subject to the Company's redemption rights and certain conditions set forth in the articles supplementary, a holder of the Series A Preferred Shares, at his or her option, will have the right to convert such holder's Series A Preferred Shares into the Company's common shares any time after the earlier of (i) from the First Issuance Date, or if the Second Issuance occurs, from the Second Issuance Date or (ii) a Change of Control (as defined in the articles supplementary) at a per share conversion rate equal to the Liquidation Preference divided by the then Common Share Fair Market Value (as defined in the articles supplementary). 
 Issuance of Restricted Share Units to Executive Officers, Employees and Board of Trustees 
 Restricted share units ("RSUs") are granted pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Employee and Trustee Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for the grant of awards to the Company s trustees, full-time employees and certain consultants that provide services to the Company or affiliated entities. Awards granted under the Plan 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 shares. As of December 31, 2022, approximately shares were available for future issuance under the Plan. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense remaining, which vests between and . 
 Total compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the activity of unvested shares of RSU awards for the period presented: Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Distributions 
 Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of distributions to shareholders, may differ from income reported for financial reporting purposes due to the differences for federal income tax purposes in the treatment of loss on debt, revenue recognition and compensation expense and in the basis of depreciable assets and estimated useful lives used to compute depreciation expense. 
 Capital gain Return of capital Total distributions paid 

10. 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 of total shares and of weighted average shares outstanding (both measures assuming OP Units were converted to common shares). The Company has evaluated the terms of the limited liability company interests in the Operating Company, and as a result, has classified OP Units exchanged for limited partnership interests issued in the initial capitalization, in conjunction with the contributed assets and in connection with the Self-Administration Transaction, as noncontrolling interests, which are presented as a component of permanent equity, except as discussed below. 
 The Company evaluates individual noncontrolling interests for the ability to recognize the noncontrolling interest as permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheets at the time such interests are issued and on a continual basis. Any noncontrolling interest that fails to qualify as permanent equity has been reclassified as temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of (a) the carrying amount or (b) its redemption value as of the end of the period in which the determination is made. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the members of the Operating Company owned approximately million of OP Units, which were issued to affiliated parties and unaffiliated third parties in exchange for the contribution of certain properties to the Company, and in connection with the Self-Administration Transaction and other services In addition, million OP Units were issued to unaffiliated third parties unrelated to property contributions. To the extent the contributors should elect to redeem all or a portion of their OP Units, pursuant to the terms of the respective contribution agreement, such redemption shall be at a per unit value equivalent to the price at which the contributor acquired its OP Units in the respective transaction. 
 The members of the Operating Company (now partners in the Operating Partnership), other than those related to the Will Partners REIT, LLC ("Will Partners") property contribution, will have the right to cause the general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Company, to redeem their OP Units for cash equal to the value of an equivalent number of shares, or, at the Company s option, purchase their OP Units by issuing share of the Company s common shares for the original redemption value of each OP Unit redeemed. The Company has the control and ability to settle such requests in shares. These rights may not be exercised under certain circumstances which could cause the Company to lose its REIT election. 
 Reclass of noncontrolling interest subject to redemption ) Repurchase of noncontrolling interest Issuance of stock dividend for noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Allocated distributions to noncontrolling interests subject to redemption ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss Ending balance 
 Noncontrolling interests subject to redemption 
 OP Units issued pursuant to the Will Partners property contribution are not included in permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheets. The members holding these units can cause the general partner to redeem the units for the cash value, as defined in the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership. As the general partner does not control these redemptions, these units are presented on the consolidated balance sheets as noncontrolling interest subject to redemption at their redeemable value. The net income (loss) and distributions attributed to these members are allocated proportionately between common shareholders and other noncontrolling interests that are not considered redeemable. 

11. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 Due from GCC Reimbursable Expense Allocation Payroll/Expense Allocation Total incurred/receivable 
 Incurred for the Year Ended December 31, Payable as of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Expensed Costs advanced by the advisor Consulting fee - shared services Assumed through Self- Administration Transaction/Predecessor Mergers Earn-out Shareholder Servicing Fee Other Distributions Total incurred/payable 
 Dealer Manager Agreement 
 The Company entered into a dealer manager agreement and associated form of participating dealer agreement (the Dealer Manager Agreement with the dealer manager for the Follow-On Offering. The terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement are substantially similar to the terms of the dealer manager agreement from the Company's initial public offering IPO ), except as it relates to the share classes offered and the fees to be received by the dealer manager. The Follow-On Offering terminated on September 20, 2020. See Note 9, Equity. 
 Subject to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.'s limitations on underwriting compensation, under the Dealer Manager Agreement the Company required payment to the dealer manager of a distribution fee for ongoing services rendered to shareholders by participating broker-dealers or broker-dealers servicing investors accounts, referred to as servicing broker-dealers. The fee accrued daily, is paid monthly in arrears, and is calculated based on the average daily NAV for the applicable month. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 Affiliated Former Dealer Manager 
 Since Griffin Capital Securities, LLC, the Company's former dealer manager, is an affiliate of the Company's former sponsor, the Company did not have the benefit of an independent due diligence review and investigation of the type normally performed by an unaffiliated, independent underwriter in connection with the offering of securities. The Company's former dealer manager is also serving as the dealer manager for Griffin-American Healthcare REIT III, Inc. and Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., each of which are publicly-registered, non-traded REITs, as wholesale marketing agent for Griffin Institutional Access Real Estate Fund and Griffin Institutional Access Credit Fund both of which are non-diversified, closed-end management investment companies that are operated as interval funds under the 1940 Act, and as dealer manager or master placement agent for various private offerings. 
 Administrative Services Agreement 
 In connection with the Predecessor Mergers, the Company assumed, as the successor of our Predecessor and the Operating Partnership, an Administrative Services Agreement (the Administrative Services Agreement ), pursuant to which Griffin Capital Company, LLC GCC and Griffin Capital, LLC GC LLC continue to provide certain operational and 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 million, subject to annual escalations of as well as additional rent for certain operating expenses for the Building and portions of the Campus. The Company s Executive Chairman is the Chief Executive Officer of and controls GCC and is also affiliated with GCPI. 
 Certain Conflict Resolution Procedures 
 Every transaction that the Company enters into with affiliates is subject to an inherent conflict of interest. The Board may encounter conflicts of interest in enforcing the Company's rights against any affiliate in the event of a default by or disagreement with an affiliate or in invoking powers, rights or options pursuant to any agreement between the Company and its affiliates. See the Company's Code of Ethics and Business Conduct available on the Governance Documents subpage of the Investors section of the Company's website at www.pkst.com for a detailed description of the Company's conflict resolution procedures. 

12. 
 million, million and million of lease income related to operating lease payments for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The future minimum base rents in the table above excludes tenant reimbursements of operating expenses, amortization of adjustments for deferred rent receivables and the amortization of above/below-market lease intangibles. 
 Lessee 
 Certain of the Company s real estate are subject to ground leases. The Company s ground leases are classified as either operating leases or financing leases based on the characteristics of each lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had ground leases classified as operating and ground leases classified as financing. Each of the Company s ground leases were acquired as part of the acquisition of real estate and no incremental costs were incurred for such ground leases. The Company s ground leases are non-cancelable, and contain renewal options. The Company's Chicago office space lease has a remaining lease term of approximately and option to renew. 
 The Company incurred operating lease costs of approximately million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021 respectively, which are included in "Property Operating Expense" in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Weighted-average discount rate (1) 
 
 (1) Because the rate implicit in each of the Company's leases was not readily determinable, the Company used an incremental borrowing rate. In determining the Company's incremental borrowing rate for each lease, the Company considered recent rates on secured borrowings, observable risk-free interest rates and credit spreads correlating to the Company's creditworthiness, the impact of collateralization and the term of each of the Company's lease agreements. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

13. 
 million. 

14. 
 reportable segments: Industrial, Office, and Other. The Industrial segment consists of high-quality, well-located industrial properties with modern specifications. The Office segment consists of newer, high-quality, and business-essential office properties. The Other segment consists of vacant and non-core properties, together with other properties in the same cross-collateralized loan pools. This segment includes properties that are either non-stabilized, leased to tenants with shorter lease terms or are being evaluated for repositioning, re-leasing or potential sale. The Company recast its segment results for all prior periods presented to show the reportable segments. 
 The Company evaluates performance of each segment based on segment NOI, which is defined as property revenue less property expenses. Interest expense and general administrative expenses are not included in segment profit as our internal reporting addresses these items on a corporate level. Segment NOI is not a measure of operating income or cash flows from operating activities is not indicative of cash available to fund cash needs and should not be considered an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. Not all companies calculate segment profit in the same manner. The Company considers segment profit to be an appropriate supplemental measure to net income because it assists both investors and management in understanding the core operations of our properties. Additionally, the Company considers its interests in the Office Joint Venture as corporate related activity and excludes such amounts from its segment reporting. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 Industrial operating expenses ) ) ) Industrial NOI Office NOI Total Office revenues Office operating expenses ) ) ) Office NOI Other NOI Total Other revenues Other operating expenses ) ) ) Other NOI Total NOI 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of Net Income to Total NOI Net (loss) income ) ) General and administrative expenses Corporate operating expenses to affiliates Impairment provision, real estate Impairment provision, goodwill Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Debt breakage costs Other loss (income), net ) ) Loss (income) from investment in unconsolidated entities ) Loss (gain) from disposition of assets ) Transaction expense Total NOI 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 Office Other Total Goodwill 
 See Note 8, Fair Value Measurements , for details regarding the inputs used in determining the impairment of goodwill. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Industrial real estate, net Office Real Estate, net Total real estate Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Office real estate, net Other Real Estate, net Total real estate Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Other real estate, net Total Real Estate, net 
 Total asset information by segment is not reported because the Company does not use this measure to assess performance or to make resource allocation decisions. 

15. 
 per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on February 1, 2022, March 1, 2022, and April 1, 2022, respectively. 
 On March 29, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on April 1, 2022 and ending on April 30, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on May 2, 2022. 
 On April 26, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on May 1, 2022 and ending on May 31, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on June 1, 2022. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on June 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on July 1, 2022. 
 On June 1, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common shares, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on July 1, 2022 and ending on July 31, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on August 1, 2022. 
 On June 30, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common shares, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on August 1, 2022 and ending on August 31, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on September 1, 2022. 
 On August 3, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on September 1, 2022 and ending on September 30, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on October 3, 2022. 
 On September 20, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common shares, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on October 1, 2022 and ending on October 31, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on November 1, 2022. 
 On October 20, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on November 1, 2022 and ending on November 30, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on December 1, 2022. 
 On November 2, 2022, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share, for shareholders of record at the close of each business day for the period commencing on December 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2022. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on January 3, 2023. 

16. 
 held for sale property located in Irvine, California for approximately million, less closing costs and other credits. The Company recognized an estimated gain of approximately million. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 property located in Clinton, South Carolina for approximately million, less closing costs and other credits. The property met the held for sale criteria subsequent to year-end and the Company recognized an estimated gain of approximately million. 
 On March 2, 2023, the Company sold property located in Herndon, Virginia for approximately million, less closing costs and other credits. The property met the held for sale criteria subsequent to year-end and the Company recognized an estimated gain of approximately million. 
 Repayment of Mortgage Debt 
 On March 6, 2023, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of million related to the HealthSpring mortgage loan maturing in April 2023. 
 Extension of Revolving Credit Facility and Repayment of 2024 Term Loan 
 On March 21, 2023, the Company, through the Operating Partnership, entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 21, 2023 (the Seventh Amendment ), which, among other things, (i) permits the Operating Partnership to extend the Revolving Commitments (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) of each Revolving Lender (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) to January 31, 2026 (the Subsequent Extension (ii) amended the covenant regarding Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) to reduce the baseline calculation for the required Tangible Net Worth from to ; and (iii) added a covenant that prohibits any special distributions from extraordinary non-recurring income. 
 Prior to the Seventh Amendment, the final Revolving Credit Maturity Date (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) was June 30, 2024. The exercise of the Subsequent Extension by the Operating Partnership is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) prior to June 30, 2024, the Company consummating a listing of its equity interests which results in such equity interests being traded on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the payment of an extension fee on the effective date of the Subsequent Extension in an amount equal to 20 basis points of the amount of Revolving Commitments being extended in connection with the Subsequent Extension. 
 In connection with the Seventh Amendment, and as a condition to the effectiveness thereof, the Operating Partnership prepaid the outstanding principal balance 400,000,000) of the 2024 Term Loan (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). The prepayment was funded through a draw on the revolving credit facility portion of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Cash Distributions 
 On January 20, 2023 the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of per day per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E share, Class T share, Class S share, Class D share, Class I share, Class A share, Class AA share and Class AAA share for shareholders of such classes as of the close of each business day for the period from commencing January 1, 2023 and ending on January 31, 2023. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on February 1, 2023. 
 On February 16, 2023, the Board declared an all-cash distribution rate, per share annualized), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share for shareholders of such classes as of the close of each business day for the period commencing on February 1, 2023 and ending on February 28, 2023. The Company paid such distributions to each shareholder of record on February 24, 2023. 
 On March 14, 2023, the Board declared an all-cash monthly distribution (for the month of March in the amount of per share), subject to adjustments for class-specific expenses, per Class E common share, Class T common share, Class S common share, Class D common share, Class I common share, Class A common share, Class AA common share and Class AAA common share for shareholders of such classes (or any class into which common shares may be converted). The dividend is payable on or about May 12, 2023 to shareholders of record as of May 2, 2023. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands unless otherwise noted and excluding per share amounts) 

 F-45 

Table of Contents 

 N/A 6/18/2009 - years 
 Hopkins Industrial KS N/A 8/27/2010 - years 
 TransDigm Industrial NJ N/A 5/31/2012 - years 
 Berry Global Industrial IL N/A 11/8/2012 - years 
 Amazon - Arlington Heights Industrial IL N/A 8/13/2013 - years 
 Roush Industries Industrial MI N/A 11/5/2013 - years 
 Samsonite Industrial FL N/A 12/11/2015 - years 
 RH Industrial CA N/A 1/14/2016 - years 
 PepsiCo Industrial FL N/A 3/13/2018 - years 
 Shaw Industries Industrial GA N/A 5/3/2018 - years 
 Huntington Ingalls (300 W. Park Lane) Industrial VA N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Huntington Ingalls (500 W. Park Lane) Industrial VA N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 OceanX Industrial OH N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 ZF WABCO Industrial SC N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 3M Industrial IL '(5) 
 N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Amazon - Etna Industrial OH '(5) 
 N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Pepsi Bottling Ventures Industrial NC N/A 2/5/2020 - years 
 Fidelity Building Services Industrial MD N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Amcor Industrial OH N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Atlas Copco Industrial MI N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Total Industrial 
 S-1 

Table of Contents 

 N/A 1/31/2012 - years 
 AT T (14520 NE 87th Street) Office WA N/A 1/31/2012 - years 
 AT T (14560 NE 87th Street) Office WA N/A 1/31/2012 - years 
 PPG Office PA N/A 3/22/2012 - years 
 York Space Systems (East Village) Office CO N/A 6/29/2012 - years 
 Maxar Office CO N/A 1/14/2014 - years 
 Parallon Office FL N/A 6/25/2014 - years 
 Wood Group (Westgate III) Office TX ) N/A 4/1/2015 - years 
 South Lake at Dulles Office VA N/A 6/10/2015 - years 
 Amentum (Heritage III) Office TX N/A 12/11/2015 - years 
 Aegis (530 Great Circle Road) Office TN N/A 4/27/2016 - years 
 Cigna (500 Great Circle Road) Office TN N/A 4/27/2016 - years 
 LPL (1055 1060 LPL Way) Office SC N/A 11/30/2017 - years 
 LPL (1040 LPL Way) Office SC N/A 11/30/2017 - years 
 McKesson (5601 N. Pima Road) Office AZ N/A 4/10/2018 - years 
 On Semi (5701 N. Pima Road) Office AZ N/A 4/10/2018 - years 
 Toshiba TEC Office NC N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 IGT Office NV '(5) 
 N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Southern Company Office AL '(5) 
 N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Travel Leisure, Co. Office NJ N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Rapiscan Systems Office MA N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Zoetis Office NJ N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 MISO Office IN N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 McKesson (5801 North Pima Road) Office AZ N/A 9/20/2019 - years 
 
 S-2 

Table of Contents 

 N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Avnet (Phoenix) Office AZ N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Terraces at Copley Point Office CA N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Occidental Petroleum Office CO N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Corteva Agriscience Office IA N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Mercury Systems Office MA ) N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Draeger Medical Systems Office MA ) N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Keurig Dr. Pepper (63 South Avenue) Office MA N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Keurig Dr. Pepper (53 South Avenue) Office MA N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 40 Wight Office MD N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 136 204 Capcom Office NC N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Cigna (Express Scripts) Office PA N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 International Paper Office TN N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Tech Data Corp. Office TX N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Fresenius Medical Care Office TX N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Total Office Other Avnet (Chandler) Other AZ N/A 5/29/2013 - years 
 Hitachi Energy USA Other MO N/A 11/6/2015 - years 
 Franklin Center Office MD N/A 6/10/2015 - years 
 Northrop Grumman Other OH N/A 11/13/2012 - years 
 Gold Pointe Corp Ctr Bld C Other CA N/A 12/18/2012 - years 
 Quebec Court II Other CO ) N/A 1/11/2013 - years 
 Schlumberger Other TX ) N/A 5/1/2013 - years 
 Raytheon Technologies Other NC N/A 5/3/2013 - years 
 30 Independence Other NJ N/A 10/3/2013 - years 
 Wyndham Hotels Resorts Other NJ N/A 4/23/2014 - years 
 Crosspoint Other AZ N/A 5/22/2014 - years 
 
 S-3 

Table of Contents 

 N/A 8/1/2014 - years 
 Owens Corning Other NC N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Hitachi Astemo Other OH N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Wood Group (Westgate II) Other TX N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts Other PA N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 MGM Corporate Center (840 Grier Drive) Other NV N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 MGM Corporate Center (880 Grier Drive) Other NV N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 MGM Corporate Center (950 Grier Drive) Other NV N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 Park Meadows Corporate Center II Office CO ) N/A 5/1/2019 - years 
 KBR Office AL N/A 3/1/2021 - years 
 Total Other Total Portfolio Real estate assets held for sale Fox Head Industrial CA N/A 10/29/2013 
 (1) Building and improvements include tenant origination and absorption costs. 
 (2) Consists of capital expenditure, real estate development costs, and impairment charges. 
 (3) Amount does not include the net loan valuation discount of million related to the debt assumed in the Highway 94, Samsonite and HealthSpring property acquisitions, as well as Owens Corning, Westgate II, AOPC, MGM, American Showa, BAML and Pepsi Bottling Ventures. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate cost of real estate the Company and consolidated subsidiaries owned for federal income tax purposes was approximately billion (unaudited) 
 (5) The BOA/KeyBank Loan is secured by cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted first mortgage liens on the properties. 
 S-4 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions Construction costs and improvements Other adjustments ) ) Write down of tenant origination and absorption costs ) Impairment provision ) ) ) Sale of real estate assets ) ) ) Real estate assets held for sale ) Balance at end of year Accumulated depreciation Balance at beginning of year Depreciation and amortization expense Write down of tenant origination and absorption costs ) Impairment provision ) Other adjustments ) Less: Non-real estate assets depreciation expense ) ) Less: Sale of real estate assets depreciation expense ) ) ) Less: Real estate assets held for sale ) Balance at end of year Real estate facilities, net 
 S-5 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 a41-srp.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 SHARE REDEMPTION PROGRAM 
 
 Adopted January 19, 2023 
 
 The board of trustees (the Board of Griffin Realty Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company ), has adopted an amended and restated Share Redemption Program (the SRP ), the terms and conditions of which are set forth below. Capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Company s charter, as amended and supplemented, unless otherwise defined herein. 
 
 (1) Qualifying Shareholders . Qualifying Shareholders are holders of the Company s shares of any class of Common Shares (the Shares or authorized representatives of such shareholders seeking redemption upon a shareholder s death, Qualifying Disability (as defined in paragraph 6) or Determination of Incompetence (as defined in paragraph 7). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this SRP is only available for shareholders who acquired their Shares directly from the Company or through one or more non-cash transactions from the original purchaser of the Shares. In other words, once Shares are transferred for value by a shareholder, the transferee and all subsequent holders of the Shares are not eligible to participate in this SRP. 
 
 (2) Share Redemption . Subject to the terms and conditions of this SRP, including the limitations on redemptions set forth in paragraph 4 and the procedures for redemption set forth in paragraph 5, the Company will redeem such number of Shares as requested by a Qualifying Shareholder. 
 
 (3) Redemption Price . The redemption price for all Shares will be the most recent published estimated net asset value NAV per share of the applicable class of Common Shares as of the applicable Redemption Date (as defined in paragraph 5). 
 
 (4) Limitations on Redemption . Notwithstanding anything contained in this SRP to the contrary, the Company s obligation to redeem Shares pursuant to this SRP is limited by each of the following 
 
 (a) During each calendar quarter year, redemptions will be limited to a quarterly annual dollar amount determined by the Board, which may be reviewed during the year and increased or decreased upon ten business days notice to the Company s shareholders. The Company may provide notice by including such information (i) in a Current Report on Form 8-K or in its annual or quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or (ii) in a separate mailing to the shareholders. 
 
 (b) During any calendar year, with respect to each class of Shares, the Company may redeem no more than 5 of the weighted-average number of Shares of such class outstanding during the prior calendar year. 
 
 (5) Procedures for Redemption . The Company has engaged a third party to administer the SRP. Upon any change to the identity or the mailing address of the program administrator, the Company will notify shareholders of such change. The date on which the Company will redeem Shares (the Redemption Date will be the last business day of each quarter, provided, that the first Redemption Date following the Company s announcement of an estimated NAV for each class of Shares shall be no less than 10 business days after the Company s announcement of such NAVs in a public filing with the SEC, and the Redemption Date shall be set forth in such filing. Settlements of redemptions will be made within the first three business days following the Redemption Date. 
 
 For a shareholder s Shares to be eligible for redemption in a given quarter, the program administrator must receive a written redemption request from the shareholder or from an authorized representative of the shareholder setting forth the number of Shares requested to be redeemed by 3 00 p.m. Central on the fifth business day before the Redemption Date. If the Company cannot repurchase all Shares presented for redemption in any month because of the limitations on redemptions set forth in paragraph 4, then the Company will honor redemption requests on a pro rata basis, except that if a pro rata redemption would result in a shareholder owning less than 2,500 of Shares, then the Company will redeem all of such shareholder s Shares to the extent there are funds available. 
 
 If the Company does not completely satisfy a redemption request on a Redemption Date because the program administrator did not receive the request in time, because of the limitations on redemptions set forth in paragraph 4, or because of a suspension of the SRP, then the Company will treat the unsatisfied portion of the redemption request as a request for redemption at the next Redemption Date funds are available for redemption or at the next Redemption Date following the resumption of the SRP, unless the redemption request is withdrawn. Any shareholder can withdraw a redemption request by sending written notice to the program administrator, provided such notice is received by 3 00 p.m. Central time on the Redemption Date. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any shareholder fails to maintain the minimum balance of 2,500 of Shares as of a Redemption Date, the Company may redeem all of the Shares held by that shareholder at the 

redemption price in effect on the applicable Redemption Date. Minimum account redemptions will apply even if the failure to meet the minimum balance is caused solely by a decline in the Company s NAV. 
 
 (6) Qualifying Disability Determinations . In order for a disability to entitle a shareholder to the redemption terms available for a Qualifying Disability under this SRP (x) the shareholder must receive a determination of disability based upon a physical or mental condition or impairment arising after the date the shareholder acquired the Shares to be redeemed, and (y) such determination of disability must be made by the governmental agency responsible for reviewing the disability retirement benefits that the shareholder could be eligible to receive (the Applicable Government Agency ). The Applicable Government Agencies are limited to the following the Social Security Administration, the U.S. Office of Personnel Management or the Veteran s Benefit Administration. 
 
 Disability determinations by governmental agencies for purposes other than those listed above, including but not limited to worker s compensation insurance, administration or enforcement of the Rehabilitation Act or Americans with Disabilities Act, or waiver of insurance premiums, will not entitle a shareholder to the redemption terms available for a Qualifying Disability under this SRP. Redemption requests following an award by the applicable governmental agency of disability benefits must be accompanied by (1) the investor s initial application for disability benefits and (2) a Social Security Administration Notice of Award, a U.S. Office of Personnel Management determination of disability, a Veteran s Benefits disability-related discharge or such other documentation issued by the Applicable Governmental Agency that the Company deems acceptable and that demonstrates an award of the disability benefits. 
 
 The following disabilities do not entitle a worker to Social Security disability benefits 
 
 (a) disabilities occurring after the legal retirement age 
 
 (b) temporary disabilities and 
 
 (c) disabilities that do not render a worker incapable of performing substantial gainful activity. 
 
 (7) Determination of Incompetence . In order for a determination of incompetence or incapacitation to entitle a shareholder to the redemption terms available for a Determination of Incompetence under this SRP, a state or federal court located in the United States (a U.S. Court must declare, determine or find the shareholder to be (a) mentally incompetent to enter into a contract, to prepare a will or to make medical decisions or (b) mentally incapacitated, in both cases such determination must be made by a U.S. Court after the date the shareholder acquired the Shares to be redeemed. 
 
 A determination of incompetence or incapacitation by any person or entity other than a U.S. Court, or for any purpose other than those listed above, will not entitle a shareholder to the redemption terms available for a Determination of Incompetence under this SRP. Redemption requests following a Determination of Incompetence by a U.S. Court must be accompanied by the court order, determination or certificate of the court declaring the shareholder incompetent or incapacitated. 
 
 (8) Termination, Suspension or Amendment of the SRP by the Company . The Company may (a) amend, suspend or terminate the SRP for any reason, or (b) increase or decrease the funding available for the redemption of Shares pursuant to paragraph 4(a) of the SRP, each upon ten business days notice to the Company s shareholders. The Company may provide notice by including such information in a Current Report on Form 8-K or in its annual or quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the SEC, or in a separate mailing to the shareholders. If and when a secondary market develops, the SRP will terminate. 
 
 (9) Notice of Redemption Requests . Qualifying Shareholders who desire to redeem their Shares must provide written notice to the Company on the form provided by the Company. 
 
 (10) Liability of the Company . The Company shall not be liable to any shareholder for any act or omission in connection with the SRP performed (or not performed) in good faith. 
 
 (11) Governing Law . The SRP shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 a42pkst-descriptionofsecur.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following summary of the shares of beneficial interest of Peakstone Realty Trust PKST does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of our declaration of trust and our bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ). Our classes of common shares, as described below, are our only securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us in this Exhibit refer solely to PKST and its consolidated subsidiaries. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit shall have the meanings set forth in the Form 10-K. 
 Description of Shares 
 Our declaration of trust authorizes us to issue up to 1,000,000,000 shares of beneficial interest, of which 800,000,000 shares are designated as common shares at 0.001 par value per share and 200,000,000 shares are designated as preferred shares at 0.001 par value per share. Our 800,000,000 common shares are authorized as follows 60,000,000 shares are classified as Class T shares, 60,000,000 shares are classified as Class S shares, 60,000,000 shares are classified as Class D shares, 60,000,000 shares are classified as Class I shares, 40,000,000 shares are classified as Class A shares, 75,000,000 shares are classified as Class AA shares, 5,000,000 are classified as Class AAA shares and 440,000,000 are classified as Class E shares. Of the 200,000,000 preferred shares that are authorized, 10,000,000 shares have been designated as Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Shares. Our Board of Trustees (the Board ), with the approval of a majority of the trustees and without any action by our shareholders, may amend our declaration of trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of our authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
 Our declaration of trust also contains a provision permitting our Board, with the approval of a majority of the trustees and without any action by our shareholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued common share or preferred share into one or more classes or series by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions or other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of any new class or series of shares, subject to certain restrictions, including the express terms of any class or series of shares outstanding at the time. We believe that the power to classify or reclassify unissued shares and thereafter issue the classified or reclassified shares provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs that might arise. 
 Our declaration of trust and our bylaws contain certain provisions that could make it more difficult to acquire control of our Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our Company to negotiate first with our Board. We believe that these provisions increase the likelihood that proposals initially will be on more attractive terms than would be the case in their absence and facilitate negotiations that may result in improvement of the terms of an initial offer that might involve a premium price for our common shares or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. 
 Common Shares 
 General 
 Subject to any preferential rights of any other class or series of shares and to the provisions of our declaration of trust regarding the restriction on the transfer of common shares, the holders of common shares are entitled to such distributions as may be authorized from time to time by our Board out of legally available funds and declared by us and, upon our liquidation, are entitled to receive all assets available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 Upon issuance for full payment, all common shares issued will be fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of common shares will not have preemptive rights, which means that they will not have an automatic option to purchase any new shares that we issue, or preference, conversion, exchange, cumulative, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights. Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class A shares, Class AA shares, Class AAA shares and Class E shares will vote together as a single class, and each share is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of our shareholders provided that with respect to (A) amendments of our declaration of trust which would materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences and privileges of a particular class of common shares (B) any matter submitted to shareholders that relates solely to a particular class of common shares and (C) any matter submitted to shareholders in which the interests of a particular class of common shares differ from the interests of any other class of common shares, only the holders of such affected class are entitled to vote. 
 Our declaration of trust does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of our trustees. Therefore, the holders of a majority of our outstanding common shares who are present in person or by proxy at a meeting of shareholders 

can elect our entire Board provided, however, effective as of, and subject to the occurrence of, the listing of a class of our common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the Listing ), our trustees will be elected by a plurality of all votes cast at a meeting of shareholders. 
 There is currently no established public trading market for our common shares. Therefore, until the Listing occurs, there is a risk that a shareholder may not be able to sell our shares at a time or price acceptable to the shareholder, or at all. 
 Rights Upon Liquidation 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, or any liquidating distribution of our assets, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, will be distributed among the holders of Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I, Class A, Class AA, Class AAA and Class E shares ratably in proportion to the respective net asset value per share NAV for each class until the NAV for each class has been paid. Each holder of shares of a particular class of common shares will be entitled to receive, ratably with each other holder of shares of such class, that portion of such aggregate assets available for distribution as the number of outstanding shares of such class held by such holder bears to the total number of shares of such class then outstanding. If there are remaining assets available for distribution to our common shareholders after each class has received its NAV (which is not likely because NAV would be adjusted upward prior to the liquidating distribution), then any such excess will be distributed to holders of our Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I, Class A, Class AA, Class AAA and Class E shares ratably in proportion to the respective NAV for each class. 
 Preferred Shares 
 Our declaration of trust authorizes our Board to designate and issue one or more classes or series of preferred shares without shareholder approval and to fix the voting rights, liquidation preferences, distribution rates, conversion rights, redemption rights and terms, including sinking fund provisions, and certain other rights and preferences with respect to such preferred shares. Because our Board has the power to establish the preferences and rights of each class or series of preferred shares, it may afford the holders of any series or class of preferred shares preferences, powers, and rights senior to the rights of holders of common shares. However, our Board passed a resolution, pursuant to a requirement of the State of Washington, that we will not issue preferred shares with voting rights that will limit or subordinate the voting rights of common shareholders afforded by Section VI.B of the NASAA REIT Guidelines provided, however, that we may permit preferred shareholders to elect and remove class-specific trustees as long as a majority of trustees are elected by the common shareholders. Payment of any distribution preferences of outstanding preferred shares would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on the common shares. Further, holders of preferred shares are normally entitled to receive a preference payment in the event we liquidate, dissolve, or wind up before any payment is made to the common shareholders, likely reducing the amount common shareholders would otherwise receive upon such an occurrence. 
 The Board designated 10,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of preferred shares as Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Shares (the Series A Preferred Shares 
 Rank 
 With respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, the Series A Preferred Shares rank senior to shares of our common shares. 
 Liquidation Preference 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will be entitled to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders, after payment of or provision for our debts and other liabilities, liquidating distributions, in cash or property at its fair market value as determined by our Board, in the amount, for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Shares equal to 25.00 per Series A Preferred Share (the Liquidation Preference ), plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the date of payment, before any distribution or payment is made to holders of shares of our common shares or any other class or series of equity securities ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Shares but subject to the preferential rights of holders of any class or series of equity securities ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Shares. After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation Preference to which they are entitled, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the date of payment, the holders of Series A Preferred Shares will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
 In the event that, upon any liquidation of us, our available assets are insufficient to pay the Liquidation Preference on all outstanding Series A Preferred Shares, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid distributions to the date of such payment and any corresponding amounts payable as liquidating distributions on all other classes or series of equity securities ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Shares in the distribution of assets upon a liquidation, then the holders of Series A Preferred Shares and all other such equity securities ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Shares will share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions per share to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 
 2 

As of December 31, 2022, we had issued 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares, which would represent approximately 12.6 of our common shares on an as converted, fully diluted basis. 
 Distributions 
 Subject to the terms of the articles supplementary designating the terms of the Series A Preferred Shares (the articles supplementary ), the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares are entitled to receive distributions quarterly in arrears at a rate equal to one-fourth (1 4) of the applicable varying rate, as follows 
 i. 6.55 from and after the First Issuance Date, or if the Second Issuance occurs, 6.55 from and after the Second Issuance Date until the five year anniversary of the First Issuance Date, or if the Second Issuance occurs, the five year anniversary of the Second Issuance Date (the Reset Date ), subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below 
 ii. 6.75 from and after the Reset Date, subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below 
 iii. if a listing of our shares of Class E common shares or the Series A Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange registered under Section 6(a) of the Exchange Act, does not occur by August 1, 2020 (the First Triggering Event ), 7.55 from and after August 2, 2020, and 7.75 from and after the Reset Date, subject to romanette (iv) below and certain conditions as set forth in the articles supplementary or 
 iv. if such a listing does not occur by August 1, 2021, 8.05 from and after August 2, 2021 until the Reset Date, and 8.25 from and after the Reset Date. 
 Redemption Rights 
 The Series A Preferred Shares may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at our option, at a per share redemption price in cash equal to 25.00 per Series A Preferred Share (the Redemption Price ), plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares up to the redemption date, plus, a redemption fee of 1.5 of the Redemption Price in the case of a redemption that occurs on or after the date of the First Triggering Event, but before the date that is five years from the First Issuance Date. 
 In the event we fail to effect a listing of our common shares or Series A Preferred Shares by August 1, 2023, the holder of any Series A Preferred Shares has the option to request a redemption of such shares on or on any date following August 1, 2023, at the Redemption Price, plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions up to the redemption date (the Redemption Right provided, however, that no holder of the Series A Preferred Shares shall have a Redemption Right if a listing occurs prior to or on August 1, 2023. 

Conversion Rights 
 Subject to our redemption rights and certain conditions set forth in the articles supplementary, a holder of the Series A Preferred Shares, at his or her option, will have the right to convert such holder s Series A Preferred Shares into shares of our Class E common shares any time after the earlier of (i) August 13, 2023, or if the Second Issuance occurs, five years from the Second Issuance Date or (ii) a Change of Control (as defined in the articles supplementary) at a per share conversion rate equal to the Liquidation Preference divided by the then Common Share Fair Market Value (as defined in the articles supplementary). 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as set forth in the articles supplementary, the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares are not entitled to vote at any meeting of our shareholders for election of trustees or for any other purpose or otherwise to participate in any action taken by us or our shareholders. 
 The foregoing description of the Series A Preferred Shares and the articles supplementary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the articles supplementary. 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 In connection with our merger with Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT, Inc. EA-1 ), we assumed, as the successor of EA-1 and its operating partnership, a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement dated December 14, 2018, among EA-1, its operating partnership and Griffin Capital, LLC GC LLC ). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, GC LLC (or any successor holder) has the right after November 30, 2020 (the Lock-Up Expiration to request us to register for resale, under the Securities Act, our 
 3 

common shares issued or issuable to such holder. The Registration Rights Agreement also grants GC LLC (or any successor holder) certain piggyback registration rights after the Lock-Up Expiration. 
 Meetings and Special Voting Requirements 
 Subject to restrictions on transfers of our shares set forth in our declaration of trust, and subject to the express terms of any series of preferred shares, each holder of common shares is entitled at each meeting of shareholders to one vote per share owned by such shareholder on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of trustees. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our Board, which means that the holders of a majority of our outstanding common shares who are present in person or by proxy at a meeting of shareholders can elect all of the trustees then standing for election and the holders of the remaining common shares will not be able to elect any trustees provided, however, effective as of, and subject to the occurrence of, the Listing, our trustees will be elected by a plurality of all votes cast at a meeting of shareholders. 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland real estate investment trust generally cannot dissolve, amend its declaration of trust or merge with or convert into another entity, unless the action is advised by its board of trustees and approved by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter. However, a Maryland real estate investment trust may provide in its declaration of trust for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Except for certain amendments described in our declaration of trust that require only approval by our board of trustees, our declaration of trust provides for approval of any of these matters by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on such matters. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 In order for us to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), we must meet the following criteria regarding our shareholders ownership of our shares 
 five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain tax exempt organizations and trusts) may not own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares during the last half of a taxable year and 
 100 or more persons must beneficially own our shares during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. 
 We may prohibit certain acquisitions and transfers of shares so as to ensure our continued qualification as a REIT under the Code. However, we cannot assure our shareholders that this prohibition will be effective. Because we believe it is essential for us to continue to qualify as a REIT, our declaration of trust provides (subject to certain exceptions) that no shareholder may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.8 (in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive, as determined in good faith by our Board) of our common shares or more than 9.8 of the value (as determined in good faith by our Board) of the aggregate of our outstanding shares. The 9.8 ownership limit must be measured in terms of the more restrictive of value or number of shares. 
 Our Board, in its sole discretion, may waive this ownership limit if evidence satisfactory to our Board is presented that such ownership will not then or in the future jeopardize our status as a REIT. Also, these restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our trustees determine that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 Additionally, our declaration of trust further prohibits the transfer or issuance of our shares if such transfer or issuance 
 with respect to transfers only, results in our common shares being owned by fewer than 100 persons 
 results in our being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code or 
 otherwise results in our disqualification as a REIT. 
 Any attempted transfer of our shares which, if effective, would result in our shares being owned by fewer than 100 persons will be null and void. In the event of any attempted transfer of our shares which, if effective, would result in (1) violation of the ownership limit discussed above, (2) in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code, or (3) our otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, then the number of shares causing the violation (rounded to the nearest whole share) will be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in the shares. Such shares held in trust will remain issued and outstanding shares and will be entitled to the same rights and privileges as all other shares of the same class or series. The trustee of the beneficial trust, as holder of the shares, will be entitled to receive all distributions authorized by our Board on such securities for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Our declaration of trust further entitles the trustee of the beneficial trust to vote all shares held in trust. 
 4 

The trustee of the beneficial trust may select a transferee to whom the shares may be sold as long as such sale does not violate the 9.8 ownership limit or the other restrictions on transfer. Upon sale of the shares held in trust, the intended transferee (the transferee of the shares held in trust whose ownership would violate the 9.8 ownership limit or the other restrictions on transfer) will receive from the trustee of the beneficial trust the lesser of such sale proceeds or the price per share the intended transferee paid for the shares (or, in the case of a gift or devise to the intended transferee, the price per share equal to the market value per share on the date of the transfer to the intended transferee). The trustee of the beneficial trust will distribute to the charitable beneficiary any amount the trustee receives in excess of the amount to be paid to the intended transferee. 
 In addition, we have the right to purchase any shares held in trust at the lesser of (1) the price per share paid in the transfer that created the shares held in trust, or (2) the current market price, until the shares held in trust are sold by the trustee of the beneficial trust. An intended transferee must pay, upon demand, to the trustee of the beneficial trust (for the benefit of the beneficial trust) the amount of any distribution we pay to an intended transferee on shares held in trust prior to our discovery that such shares have been transferred in violation of the provisions of our declaration of trust. If any legal decision, statute, rule, or regulation deems or declares the transfer restrictions included in our declaration of trust to be void or invalid, then we may, at our option, deem the intended transferee of any shares held in trust to have acted as an agent on our behalf in acquiring such shares and to hold such shares on our behalf. 
 Any person who (1) acquires or attempts to acquire shares in violation of the foregoing ownership restriction, transfers or receives shares subject to such limitations, or would have owned shares that resulted in a transfer to a charitable trust, or (2) proposes or attempts any of the transactions in clause (1), is required to give us 15 days written notice prior to such transaction. In both cases, such persons must provide to us such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such transfer on our status as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions will continue to apply until our Board determines it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 The ownership restriction does not apply to the underwriter in a public offering of shares or to a person or persons so exempted from the ownership limit by our Board based upon appropriate assurances that our qualification as a REIT is not jeopardized. Any person who owns 5 or more of the outstanding shares during any taxable year will be asked to deliver a statement or affidavit setting forth the number of shares beneficially owned, directly or indirectly. 
 Distribution Policy 
 Any distributions to holders of common shares are paid in a specific amount and for holders as of a specified record date. Distributions may be funded with operating cash flow from our properties, offering proceeds raised in any future offerings, from debt proceeds or a combination thereof. Because substantially all of our operations will be performed indirectly through our operating partnership, our ability to pay distributions depends in large part on our operating partnership s ability to pay distributions to its partners, including to us. In the event we do not have enough cash from operations to fund the distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities or sell assets in order to fund the distributions. We are not prohibited from undertaking such activities by our declaration of trust, our bylaws or investment policies, and there are no current limits on the amount of distributions to be paid from such funds. To the extent that we do not have taxable income, distributions paid will be considered a return of capital to shareholders. 
 Subject to the preferential rights, if any, of holders of any other class or series of our shares, distributions will be authorized at the discretion of our Board, which will be directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. Our Board may increase, decrease or eliminate the distribution rate that is being paid at any time. 
 We must distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year, excluding any net capital gains, in order to meet the requirements for being treated as a REIT under the Code. Our trustees may authorize distributions in excess of this percentage as they deem appropriate. 
 Shareholder Liability 
 Maryland law provides that our shareholders 
 are not liable personally or individually in any manner whatsoever for any debt, act, omission or obligation incurred by us or our Board and 
 are under no obligation to us or our creditors with respect to their shares other than the obligation to pay to us the full amount of the consideration for which their shares were issued. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under the Maryland Business Combination Act (the MBCA ), a business combination between a Maryland real estate investment trust and an interested shareholder or an affiliate of an interested shareholder is prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested shareholder is defined as 
 5 

any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the real estate investment trust s outstanding voting shares or 
 an affiliate or associate of the real estate investment trust who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting shares of the real estate investment trust. 
 A person is not an interested shareholder under the statute if our Board approved in advance the transaction by which such person otherwise would have become an interested shareholder. However, in approving a transaction, our Board may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by our Board. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland real estate investment trust and an interested shareholder generally must be recommended by the board of trustees of the real estate investment trust and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting shares of the real estate investment trust and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares of the real estate investment trust other than shares held by the interested shareholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested shareholder. 
 These super-majority voting requirements do not apply if the real estate investment trust s common shareholders receive a minimum price, as defined under the MBCA, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested shareholder for its shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of trustees before the time that the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. As permitted by the MGCL, we have elected by resolution of our board of trustees to opt out of the MBCA. However, we cannot assure you that our board of trustees will not opt to be subject to such provisions in the future, including opting to be subject to such provisions retroactively. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 With some exceptions, the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act (the MCSAA provides that control shares of a Maryland real estate investment trust acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of shareholders holding two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding control shares 
 owned by the acquiring person 
 owned by our officers and 
 owned by our employees who are also trustees. 
 Control shares means voting shares which, if aggregated with all other voting shares owned by an acquiring person or shares for which the acquiring person can exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would entitle the acquiring person to exercise voting power in electing trustees within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained shareholder approval. A control share acquisition occurs when, subject to some exceptions, a person directly or indirectly acquires ownership or the power to direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy) of issued and outstanding control shares. A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of some specific conditions, including an undertaking to pay expenses, may compel our Board to call a special meeting of our shareholders to be held within 50 days of a demand to consider the voting rights of the control shares. If no request for a meeting is made, we may present the question at any shareholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the MCSAA, then, subject to some conditions and limitations, we may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have been previously approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or of any meeting of shareholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a shareholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other shareholders may exercise 
 6 

appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. The MCSAA does not apply to (a) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation, or share exchange if we are a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by our declaration of trust or our bylaws. 
 As permitted by the MCSAA, our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our common shares. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland real estate investment trust with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent trustees to elect to be subject, by provision in its declaration of trust or bylaws or a resolution of its board of trustees and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the declaration of trust or bylaws, to any or all of the following five provisions 
 a classified board 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a trustee 
 a requirement that the number of trustees be fixed only by vote of the trustees 
 a requirement that a vacancy on our Board be filled only by the remaining trustees and for the remainder of the full term of the class of trustees in which the vacancy occurred and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of shareholders. 
 Our bylaws currently provide that vacancies on our Board may be filled only by the remaining trustees and for the remainder of the full term of the trusteeship in which the vacancy occurred. In addition, our declaration of trust and our bylaws also vest in our Board the exclusive power to fix the number of trusteeships. 
 Anti-takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 The advance notice provisions of our bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common shares or otherwise be in their best interest. Likewise, if our Board were to opt in to the MBCA or certain provisions of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL, to the extent we have not already done so, or if the provisions in our bylaws opting out of the MCSAA were amended or rescinded, these provisions of the MGCL could have similar anti-takeover effects. 
 Advance Notice of Trustee Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders, nominations of individuals for election to our Board and the proposal of business to be considered by shareholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by our Board, or (3) by a shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our Board at a special meeting may be made only (A) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (B) by our Board, or (C) provided that our Board has determined that trustees will be elected at the meeting, by a shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of our bylaws. 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Trustees and Officers 
 Maryland law provides that a trustee has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the real estate investment trust s best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our declaration of trust requires us to indemnify our trustees and officers to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Additionally, our declaration of trust limits the liability of our trustees and officers for monetary damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. The former directors and officers of EA-1 also have indemnification agreements that we previously assumed for claims relating to such person s status as a former director or officer of EA-1. Further, our charter permits the Company, with the approval of our Board, to provide such indemnification and advancement of expenses to any of our employees or agents. As a result, we and our shareholders may have more limited rights against our trustees, officers, employees and agents, than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce our shareholders and our recovery against them. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our trustees, officers, employees and agents in some cases which would decrease the cash otherwise available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 7 

Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach by any trustee, officer or other employee of the Company of a duty owed to the Company or the Company s shareholders or of any standard of conduct set forth in the Maryland statute governing real estate investment trusts formed under the laws of that state (the MRL ), (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the MRL or our declaration of trust or bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland (and we and our shareholders consent to the assignment of any such proceeding pending in such Court to the Business & Technology Case Management Program), or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division. 
 Share Redemption Program 
 Prior to its suspension in February 2023 in anticipation of the proposed Listing, the Company had adopted the share redemption program (the SRP that enabled shareholders to sell their shares to the Company in limited circumstances. The SRP was previously suspended on October 1, 2021 but resumed on a limited basis on August 5, 2022. Prior to its most recent suspension, the SRP was available only for redemptions in connection with a holder s death, qualifying disability or determination of incompetence or incapacitation. Under the SRP in place at the time of the February 2023 suspension, the cap on quarterly redemptions was no longer tied to the NAV of shares issued under the distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP and was a dollar amount to be set by the Board and disclosed by the Company. Quarterly redemptions were capped at 5 million (or some other quarterly or annual amount determined by the Board and announced at least 10 business days before the applicable redemption date). In addition, during any calendar year, with respect to each share class, the Company was permitted to redeem no more than 5 of the weighted-average number of shares of such class outstanding during the prior calendar year. 
 Under the SRP, when the SRP is not suspended, the Company will redeem shares as of the last business day of each quarter. The redemption price is equal to the most recently published NAV per share for the applicable class prior to quarter end. Redemption requests must be received by 3 00 p.m. (Central time) one business day before on the last business day of the applicable quarter. Redemption requests exceeding the quarterly cap are filled on a pro rata basis, except that if pro rata redemption would result in a shareholder owning less than the minimum balance of 2,500 of the Company s common shares, then the Company would redeem all of such shareholder s shares to the extent that there are funds available. All unsatisfied redemption requests were treated as a request for redemption at the redemption date unless withdrawn by the shareholder. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted the DRP, which allows our shareholders to have dividends and other distributions otherwise distributable to them invested in additional common shares. On October 1, 2021, the Board approved a suspension of the DRP, effective October 11, 2021. No sales commissions or dealer manager fees will be paid on shares sold through the DRP, but the DRP shares will be charged the applicable distribution fee payable with respect to all shares of the applicable class. The purchase price per share under the DRP is equal to the NAV per share applicable to the class of shares purchased, calculated using the most recently published NAV available at the time of reinvestment. The Company may amend or terminate the DRP for any reason at any time upon 10 days' prior written notice to shareholders, which may be provided through the Company's filings with the SEC. 
 8 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 a103-amendmenttoltip.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

AMENDMENT No. 2 
 
 TO 
 
 GRIFFIN REALTY TRUST, INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 EMPLOYEE AND DIRECTOR LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Dated as of January 19, 2023 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE GRIFFIN REALTY TRUST, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYEE AND DIRECTOR LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (the Plan is made as of this 19th day of January, 2023 by Griffin Realty Trust (the Company ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company maintains the Plan, as amended and restated effective March 30, 2020, and as further amended on July 1, 2021 and 
 
 WHEREAS, on January 19, 2023, the Company filed Articles of Conversion and a Declaration of Trust to convert the form of organization of the Company from a Maryland corporation to a Maryland real estate investment trust and change its name from Griffin Realty Trust, Inc. to Griffin Realty Trust 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend the Plan to reflect the updated name of the Company and the form of organization of the Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is hereby amended effective as of January 19, 2023, as follows 
 
 1. The name of the Plan is the Griffin Realty Trust Amended and Restated Employee and Trustee Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 2. The definition of the Company set forth in Section 1.1 is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 Griffin Realty Trust (the Company 
 
 3. The definition of the Plan set forth in Section 1.1 is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 the Griffin Realty Trust Amended and Restated Employee and Trustee Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan 
 
 4. The definition of Articles of Incorporation set forth in Section 1.3 of the Plan is hereby deleted and each reference to Articles of Incorporation in the Plan is replaced with Declaration of Trust which is defined as follows 
 
 Declaration of Trust means the Declaration of Trust of the Company as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 
 5. The definition of Common Stock and Stock set forth in Section 1.3 of the Plan is hereby deleted and each reference to Common Stock or Stock in the Plan is replaced with Common Shares or Shares , respectively, which are defined as follows 

Common Shares or Shares means common shares of beneficial interest of the Company, 0.001 par value per share. 
 
 6. The definition of Director set forth in Section 1.3 of the Plan is hereby deleted and each reference to Director in the Plan is replaced with Trustee which is defined as follows 
 
 Trustee means a person elected or appointed and serving as trustee of the Company in accordance with the Declaration of Trust and the Maryland REIT Law or the other applicable provisions of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland. 
 
 7. The definition of Plan set forth in Section 1.3 of the Plan is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 Plan means this Griffin Realty Trust Amended and Restated Employee and Trustee Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 8. Each reference to stockholder in the Plan is replaced with shareholder. 
 
 9. Unless amended herein, all other terms and conditions of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment No. 2 may be executed by facsimile or other electronic transmission. 

Signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Amendment No. 2 as of the date first written above. 

Griffin Realty Trust 

By s Michael J. Escalante 
 Michael J. Escalante 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 a106amendmentto7thargrtopl.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 TO 
 SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
 OF 
 PKST OP, L.P. 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF PKST OP, L.P. (the Partnership ), dated as of March 10, 2023 (this Amendment ), is entered into by Peakstone Realty Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, as the general partner of the Partnership (the General Partner ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, on March 8, 2023, the General Partner filed Articles of Amendment to the charter of the General Partner changing the name from Griffin Realty Trust to Peakstone Realty Trust and effecting a reverse share split pursuant to which each common share of beneficial interest of the General Partner within a class was combined into one-ninth of a share (the Reverse Share Split ), effective as of March 10, 2023 
 
 WHEREAS, on March 9, 2023, the Partnership filed a Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership changing the name from GRT OP, L.P. to PKST OP, L.P. 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3(a)(ii) of the Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership, dated as of February 23, 2023 (the Agreement ), in connection with the Reverse Share Split, a corresponding adjustment to the number of outstanding Common Units shall automatically be made to maintain the proportionate relationship between the number of outstanding Partnership Units and the outstanding REIT Shares 
 
 WHEREAS, the General Partner now desires to amend the Agreement to reflect the updated names of the Partnership and the General Partner, the adjustment in the number of outstanding Common Units in connection with the Reverse Share Split and certain other amendments 
 
 WHEREAS, Article 12 of the Agreement grants the General Partner power and authority to amend the Agreement without the consent of the Limited Partners if the amendment is not an amendment requiring consent under Article 12(a)-(d) of the Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the amendments effected hereby do not require consent under Article 12(a)-(d) of the Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the General Partner hereby agrees as follows 
 
 1. The definition of General Partner set forth in Article 1 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 General Partner means Peakstone Realty Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, and any Person who becomes a substitute or additional General Partner as provided herein, and any of their successors as General Partner. 

2. The definition of Partnership set forth in Article 1 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 1 

Partnership means PKST OP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
 
 3. The definition of Specified Exchange Date set forth in Article 1 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 Specified Exchange Date means (i) the first business day of the month that is at least 60 business days after the receipt by the General Partner of the Notice of Exchange, or (ii) if a Limited Partner requests in a Notice of Exchange an exchange date that is earlier than the first business day of the month that is at least 60 business days after the receipt by the General Partner of the Notice of Exchange, and the General Partner determines in its sole discretion to honor such request for an earlier exchange date, such earlier date as determined in the sole discretion of the General Partner, provided that such date shall not be earlier than the date specified by the Limited Partner in the Notice of Exchange. 
 
 4. Section 2.2 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 2.2 Name, Office and Registered Agent . The name of the Partnership is PKST OP, L.P. The specified office and place of business of the Partnership is 1520 E. Grand Avenue, El Segundo, CA 90245 (telephone number (310) 606-3200). The General Partner may at any time change the location of such office, provided the General Partner gives notice to the Partners of any such change. The name and address of the Partnership s registered agent is The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The sole duty of the registered agent as such is to forward to the Partnership any notice that is served on it as registered agent. 
 
 5. Section 2.3(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 (a) The General Partner of the Partnership is Peakstone Realty Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust. Its principal place of business is the same as that of the Partnership. 
 
 6. Section 2.6 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 
 2.6 Certificates Describing Partnership Units . At the request of a Limited Partner, the General Partner, at its option, may issue a certificate summarizing the terms of such Limited Partner s interest in the Partnership, including the number and Class of Partnership Units owned and the Percentage Interest represented by such Partnership Units as of the date of such certificate. Any such certificate (i) shall be in form and substance as approved by the General Partner, (ii) shall not be negotiable and (iii) shall bear a legend to the following effect 
 
 THIS CERTIFICATE IS NOT NEGOTIABLE. THE PARTNERSHIP UNITS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE GOVERNED BY AND TRANSFERABLE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THE SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF PKST OP, L.P., AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME. 
 
 7. Section 13.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 13.1 Notices . All communications required or permitted to be given to a Limited Partner under this Agreement shall be given in writing (a) personally, (b) by United States mail, registered, postage prepaid return receipt requested, (c) by nationally recognized overnight delivery service with proof of delivery, or (d) e-mail transmission, in each case, at or to the addresses set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto provided, however, that any Limited Partner may specify a different address by notifying the General Partner in writing of such different address. All communications required or permitted to be given to the Partnership or the General Partner 
 2 

under this Agreement shall be given in writing by e-mail transmission to Javier F. Bitar jbitar pkst.com and Michael J. Patterson mpatterson pkst.com provided, however, that the Partnership or the General Partner may specify a different address by notifying the Limited Partners in writing of such different address. Any notice shall be deemed to have been given, as applicable, (w) when delivered personally, (x) three (3) days after depositing in the United States mail as described above, (y) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service as described above, and (z) in the case of e-mail transmission, the date such transmission is received by the intended addressee prior to 5 00 p.m. Pacific Time on a business day (and any transmission that is not received prior to 5 00 p.m. Pacific Time on a business day shall be deemed received on the next business day). 
 
 8. Exhibit A of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 
 
 9. Exhibit B of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit B hereto. 
 
 10. Unless amended herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment may be executed by facsimile or other electronic transmission. 
 
 11. This Amendment shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. 
 
 Signature page follows 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the General Partner has executed this Amendment of the 10th day of March, 2023. 
 GENERAL PARTNER 
 PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 By s Javier F. Bitar 
 Name Javier F. Bitar 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

4 

EXHIBIT A 
 General Partner and Limited Partner Capital Contributions and 
 Percentage Interests as of 
 March 10, 2023 
 Name Agreed Value of Capital Contribution Partnership Units and Class of Units Percentage Interest GENERAL PARTNER Peakstone Realty Trust 
 1520 E. Grand Avenue 
 El Segundo, CA 90245 
 0 0 0.00 AFFILIATED LIMITED PARTNERS Griffin Capital, LLC 
 Griffin Capital Plaza 
 1520 E. Grand Avenue 
 El Segundo, CA 90245 
 230,000,000 2,696,470.411 6.84 GRT (Cardinal REIT Merger Sub), LLC 
 1520 E. Grand Avenue 
 El Segundo, CA 90245 
 838,315,284 10,384,185.333 26.33 Peakstone Realty Trust 
 1520 E. Grand Avenue 
 El Segundo, CA 90245 
 2,194,876,574 25,515,024.080 64.70 Various others 32,802,685 382,251.572 0.97 UNAFFILIATED LIMITED PARTNERS Various 40,039,980 458,932.463 1.16 Total 3,336,034,523 39,436,863.859 100.00 
 Percentage Interest is based on the weighted average amount of all classes of units outstanding. 
 
 The names and addresses of the Unaffiliated Limited Partners shall be included in the records of the Partnership. 
 A-1 

EXHIBIT B 
 NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF EXCHANGE RIGHT 
 In accordance with Section 8.5 of the Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (as amended, the Agreement of PKST OP, L.P., the undersigned hereby irrevocably (i) presents for exchange _______ Common Units in PKST OP, L.P. in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Exchange Right referred to in Section 8.5 thereof, (ii) surrenders such Common Units and all right, title and interest therein, and (iii) directs that the Cash Amount or REIT Shares Amount as determined by the General Partner deliverable upon exercise of the Exchange Right be delivered to the address specified below, and if REIT Shares are to be delivered, such REIT Shares be registered or placed in the name(s) and at the address(es) specified below. The General Partner will exchange the Common Units specified above on the first business day of the month that is at least 60 business days after the receipt by the General Partner of this Notice of Exchange however, the Company will consider a Limited Partner s request for an earlier exchange date, and any such earlier exchange date will be determined in the sole discretion of the General Partner. Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 Dated ________________, ___________ 
 
 (Name of Limited Partner) 
 
 (Signature of Limited Partner) 
 
 (Mailing Address) 
 
 (City) (State) (Zip Code) 
 
 Signature Guaranteed by 
 If REIT Shares are to be issued, issue to 
 Name 
 
 Social Security or Tax I.D. Number 

If an earlier exchange date is requested, please provide such requested date below. The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, exchange the Common Units on any date on or after such date. 

B-1 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 exhibit211-pkstsubsidiarie.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF PEAKSTONE REALTY TRUST 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization PKST OP, L.P. Delaware Griffin Capital Real Estate Company, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital Essential Asset Advisor, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital Essential Asset Advisor II, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital Property Management, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital Essential Asset Property Management, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital Essential Asset Property Management II, LLC Delaware IndustrialCo Trust Maryland Industrial SpinCo Trust Maryland GRT VAO OP, LLC Delaware NVO Promote LLC Delaware GRT (Cardinal REIT Merger Sub), LLC Maryland GRT OP (Cardinal New GP Sub), LLC Delaware GRT OP (Cardinal LP Merger Sub), LLC Delaware Cole Corporate Income Operating Partnership II, LP Delaware Griffin Capital Essential Asset TRS, Inc. Delaware The GC Net Lease (Fort Mill) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Fort Mill II) Investors, LLC Delaware WR Griffin Patterson, LLC (SEC-C) Delaware Griffin Capital (Highway 94) Investors, DST Delaware Griffin Capital (Highway 94) Manager, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital (Nashville) Investors, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital JVMB (Fort Worth), LLC Delaware Griffin Capital JVIII (Ashburn) Investors, LLC Delaware Emporia Partners, LLC Delaware GRECO Realty, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Lynnwood III) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Lynnwood IV) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Nashville) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Heritage III) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Heritage IV) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Houston Westgate III) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Jacksonville) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Jefferson City) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Phoenix Beardsley) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Phoenix Deer Valley) Investors, LLC Delaware 

The GC Net Lease (Redmond) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Warren) Member, LLC Delaware Griffin (Mechanicsburg) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital JVII Patterson, LLC Delaware Plainfield Partners, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Allen Park) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Arlington Centreway) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Arlington Heights) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Atlanta Perimeter) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Atlanta Wildwood I) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Atlanta Wildwood II) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Atlanta Windy Ridge) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Beaver Creek) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Beaver Creek) Member, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte Research) Investors, L.P. Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte Research) GP, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte-North Falls) Investors, L.P. Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte-North Falls) GP, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte) Member, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Columbia) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Columbus) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Cranberry) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Deerfield) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Denver) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Dublin) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Earth City) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (El Segundo Grand) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Emeryville) Lender, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Frisco) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Frisco Parkwood) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Greenwood Village) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (GV Quebec Court) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Herndon) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Houston Enclave) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Houston Enclave) Member, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Houston Westway I) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Houston Westway II) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Irvine Armstrong) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Irving Carpenter) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Irving) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Joliet) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Lakeland) Investors, LLC Delaware 

The GC Net Lease (Largo) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Libertyville) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Lisle) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Lone Tree) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Lynnwood I) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Lynnwood II) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Maryland Heights Lackland) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Maryland Heights) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Mason Duke) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Mason I) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Mason Simpson) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Milwaukee) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Miramar) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Oak Brook) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Olathe) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Parsippany) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Phoenix Chandler) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Phoenix Chandler) Member, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Rancho Cordova) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Arlington Heights) Member, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Renton) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (San Carlos) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Scottsdale) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Scottsdale II) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Savannah) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Warren) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Wayne) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (West Chester) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Westerville) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Westminster) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Whippany) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease Bridge Borrower, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Phoenix Northgate) Investors, LLC Delaware Renfro Properties, LLC Delaware Griffin (Lone Tree) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Carmel) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Tucson) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Andover) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Auburn Hills) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Birmingham) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Columbus) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Columbus) Member Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Concord) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Concord) Member Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (DeKalb) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Durham) Essential Asset REIT II GP, LLC Delaware 

Griffin (Etna) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Groveport) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Hampton 300) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Hampton 500) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Hillsboro) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Houston Westgate II) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Houston Westgate II) Member Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Las Vegas Buffalo) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Las Vegas Grier) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Las Vegas Grier) Member Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Lincolnshire) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Mechanicsburg) Member Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (North Charleston) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Parsippany 10) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Parsippany 14) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Phoenix Beardsley IPC) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Phoenix Beardsley IPC) Member Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Phoenix Beardsley TRCW) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Phoenix Beardsley TRCW) Member Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (San Jose) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Simi Valley American) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (Simi Valley Tapo) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Griffin (West Jefferson) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware Will Partners REIT Member, LLC Delaware Griffin (Livonia) Essential Asset REIT II, LLC Delaware SOR Operating Partnership, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Triad I) Investors, L.P. Delaware The GC Net Lease (Triad I) GP, LLC Delaware ARCP CR Lebanon IN, LLC Delaware ARCP FE Fort Dodge IA, LLC Delaware ARCP FE Johnstown CO, LLC Delaware ARCP FE Las Vegas NV, LLC Delaware ARCP FE St. Joseph MO, LLC Delaware ARCP GP OFC San Jose (Orchard) CA, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Bellevue OH, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Columbus OH, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Feura Bush NY, LLC Delaware 

ARCP ID Franklin IN, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Joplin MO, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Londonderry NH, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Petersburg VA, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Rock Hill (Marine) SC, LLC Delaware ARCP ID Union OH, LLC Delaware ARCP OFC Birmingham AL, LLC Delaware ARCP OFC Burlington MA, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Greensboro) Investors, L.P. Delaware The GC Net Lease (Greensboro) GP, LLC Delaware ARCP OFC Huntsville AL, LLC Delaware ARCP OFC Johnston IA (Phase II), LLC Delaware ARCP OFC Phoenix (Central) AZ, LLC Delaware ARCP OFC San Antonio TX, LLC Delaware ARCP OFC San Jose (Orchard) CA, LP Delaware The GC Net Lease (Wake Forest) Investors, L.P. Delaware The GC Net Lease (Wake Forest) GP, LLC Delaware CCIT II Securities Investments, LLC Delaware CIM GP OFC San Diego CA, LLC Delaware CIM OFC Andover (Tech) MA, LLC Delaware CIM OFC ANDOVER MA, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte David Taylor) Investors, L.P. Delaware The GC Net Lease (Charlotte David Taylor) GP, LLC Delaware CIM OFC Hunt Valley MD, LLC Delaware CIM OFC Memphis TN, LLC Delaware CIM OFC Platteville CO, LLC Delaware CIM OFC SAN DIEGO CA, LP Delaware CIM OFC Sparks MD, LLC Delaware Cole GP OFC San Jose (Ridder Park) CA, LLC Delaware Cole GP OFC Walnut Creek CA, LLC Delaware Cole ID Sioux Falls SD, LLC Delaware Cole OFC Lake Jackson TX, LLC Delaware Cole OFC San Jose (Ridder Park) CA, LP Delaware Cole OFC Walnut Creek CA, LP Delaware VEREIT ID Goshen IN, LLC Delaware VEREIT ID Greer SC, LLC Delaware VEREIT ID Ruskin FL, LLC Delaware VEREIT ID St. Louis MO, LLC Delaware VEREIT OFC Houston TX, LLC Delaware VEREIT OFC Lincoln Hill PA, LLC Delaware VEREIT OFC Phoenix AZ, LLC Delaware VEREIT OFC TYLER TX, LLC Delaware ARCP OFC Burlington MA (Phase 2), LLC Delaware GRT (Parsippany) Member, LLC Delaware GAI Herndon Property Owner, LLC Delaware GAI JV Manager, LLC Delaware GAI JV Member, LLC Delaware 

GAI JV, LLC Delaware GAI Property Manager, LLC Delaware Griffin Realty Management Company, LLC Delaware Franklin Center Borrower, LLC Delaware Franklin Center Member, LLC Delaware The Point at Clark Street REIT, LLC Delaware Griffin Capital JVI Partners, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Loveland) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Carlsbad) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Glendale) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Nashville Century) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Sylmar) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Bloomingdale) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (East Hanover) Investors, LLC Delaware The GC Net Lease (Indianapolis) Investors, LLC Delaware Griffin (Durham) Essential Asset REIT II, L.P. Delaware SOR REIT TRS, LLC Delaware Will Partners REIT, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit231-consent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-239924) and related Prospectus of Peakstone Realty Trust (formerly Griffin Realty Trust, Inc.) 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-231816) pertaining to the Peakstone Realty Trust Amended and Restated Employee and Director Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 of our report dated March 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Peakstone Realty Trust included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 pkst12312022ex311_me.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Michael J. Escalante, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Peakstone Realty Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated March 24, 2023 By s Michael J. Escalante Michael J. Escalante Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 pkst12312022ex312_jb.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Javier F. Bitar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Peakstone Realty Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated March 24, 2023 By s Javier F. Bitar Javier F. Bitar 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 pkst12312022ex321_me.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Peakstone Realty Trust (the Company ), in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), hereby certifies that 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 24, 2023 By s Michael J. Escalante Michael J. Escalante Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 pkst12312021ex322_jb.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Peakstone Realty Trust (the Company ), in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), hereby certifies that 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 24, 2023 By s Javier F. Bitar Javier F. Bitar 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 gcnl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 gcnl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 gcnl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 gcnl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 gcnl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

