<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1310527_0001493152-23-009602.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7814820</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>324530</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1351962</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2506049</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1700534</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1766077</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009602.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330080932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009602
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QSAM Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001310527
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIALTY CLEANING, POLISHING AND SANITATION PREPARATIONS [2842]
		IRS NUMBER:				201602779
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41337
		FILM NUMBER:		23777232

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9442 CAPITAL OF TEXAS HWY N
		STREET 2:		PLAZA 1, SUITE 500
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78759
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-343-4558

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9442 CAPITAL OF TEXAS HWY N
		STREET 2:		PLAZA 1, SUITE 500
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78759

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Q2Earth Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170823

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Q2Power Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Anpath Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009602.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

United
States 

 Securities
and Exchange Commission 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the period ended: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 Number) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 ,

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, including area code) 

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0001 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or emerging growth company: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the average bid and
asked price of such common stock on OTCQB of 4.26, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, was approximately million. 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were issued and outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: . 

QSAM
Biosciences, Inc. 

 Index 

Page

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 35 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 41 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 55 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 56 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 57 
 
 EXHIBITS INDEX 
 57 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 59 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements
are generally identifiable by use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, 
 potential, intend, expect, outlook, seek, anticipate, 
 estimate, approximately, believe, could, project, predict, 
or other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions, discuss future expectations, describe
future plans and strategies, contain financial and operating projections or state other forward-looking information. Our ability to predict
results or the actual effect of future events, actions, plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in our forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially
from those set forth or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our forward-
looking statements and upon our business, results of operations, financial condition, funds derived from operations, cash available for
dividends, cash flows, liquidity and prospects include, but are not limited to, the factors referenced in this document, including those
set forth below: 

our
 lack of an operating history; 

the
 net losses that we expect to incur as we develop our business; 

obtaining
 FDA or other regulatory approvals or clearances for our technology; 

implementing
 and achieving successful outcomes for clinical trials of our products; 

convincing
 physicians, hospitals and patients of the benefits of our technology and to convert from current technologies and standards of care; 

the
 ability of users of our products (when and as developed) to obtain third-party reimbursement; 

any
 failure to comply with rigorous FDA and other government regulations; and 

securing,
 maintaining and defending patent or other intellectual property protections for our technology. 

When
considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in this document. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements, which reflect our views as of the date of this
document. The matters summarized below and elsewhere in this document could cause our actual results and performance to differ materially
from those set forth or anticipated in forward-looking statements. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee future results or performance. Furthermore,
except as required by law, we are under no duty to, and we do not intend to, update any of our forward-looking statements after the date
of this document, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

MARKET
DATA 

Certain
market and industry data included in this document is derived from information provided by third-party market research firms, or third-party
financial or analytics firms that we believe to be reliable. Market estimates are calculated by using independent industry publications,
government publications and third-party forecasts in conjunction with our assumptions about our markets. We have not independently verified
such third-party information. The market data used in this document involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned
not to give undue weight to such estimates. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any market, industry or similar data
presented herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed
below and set forth in the Risk Factors section of this document. These and other factors could cause results to differ
materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. Certain data are also based on our good faith
estimates, which are derived from management s knowledge of the industry and independent sources. Industry publications, surveys
and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there
can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of included information. We have not independently verified any of the data from
third-party sources nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Statements as to our market position
are based on market data currently available to us. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the industry data presented
herein, our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under
the heading Risk Factors in this document. Similarly, we believe our internal research is reliable, even though such research
has not been verified by any independent sources. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report, references to the Company, we, our, us and words of similar
import refer to QSAM Biosciences, Inc., the Registrant, a Delaware corporation. References to QSAM or the Subsidiary 
refer to QSAM Therapeutics Inc., a Texas corporation, our wholly-owned subsidiary and operating company. 

Overview 

We
are developing next-generation nuclear medicines for the treatment of cancer and related diseases. Our initial technology is Samarium-153
DOTMP, a/k/a CycloSam CycloSam or the New Technology ), a clinical-stage
bone targeting radiopharmaceutical. CycloSam features a patented, low specific activity form of Samarium-153, a beta-emitting
radioisotope with a short 46-hour half-life, and the chelating agent DOTMP, which selectively targets sites of high bone mineral turnover
and reduces off-site migration of the tumor-killing radiation. We believe improvements in formulation and manufacturing from a prior
FDA-approved drug utilizing the same radioisotope (Quadramet has resulted in our drug candidate demonstrating significantly
less impurities, lower costs and more frequent availability. Samarium-153 and DOTMP form a highly stable complex, which we believe, when
used either as a monotherapy or in combination with other more widely used treatments such as external beam radiation, may demonstrate
meaningful disease modifying results in primary and metastatic bone cancer. Ultimately, we may seek to further develop and commercialize
CycloSam for one or more market indications or license the technology to a larger pharmaceutical partner. 

In
August 2021, the Food Drug Administration (FDA) cleared our Investigational New Drug (IND) application to commence Phase 1 clinical
trials for CycloSam as a treatment for cancer that has metastasized to the bone from the lung, breast, prostate and other
areas. We initiated this trial at our first site (Houston, TX) in November 2021 and to date we have dosed three patients, and have opened
two other trial sites at Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey and the Ellis Fischel Cancer Center at the University of Missouri. We
expect all 17 patients to be enrolled in our Phase 1 trial by the end of 2023, at which time we will seek to advance the study into a
Phase 2 efficacy program. 

Also
in August 2021, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation for the use of CycloSam to treat a primary bone cancer called
osteosarcoma, a devastating disease that mostly affects children and young adults; and in February 2022, the FDA granted Rare Pediatric
Disease Designation for the same indication. Although patients with osteosarcoma or Ewing s sarcoma are eligible to participate
in our initial Phase 1 trials, we anticipate filing a separate protocol in the future to commence clinical trials specifically for these
primary, pediatric bone cancers. In May 2020, CycloSam was also utilized in a Single Patient Investigational New Drug
for Emergency Use at the Cleveland Clinic. We believe the study we conducted at the Cleveland Clinic showed promising safety results
in connection with a bone marrow ablation procedure, including patient tolerability at high dosages. To date, CycloSam 
has completed animal studies in both small and large animals, including treating bone cancer in patient dogs at a university veterinary
clinic. 

What
is CycloSam . CycloSam is a targeted, bone seeking radiopharmaceutical that combines the beta-emitting
radioisotope Samarium-153 153 Sm) with a chelating agent, DOTMP (1, 4, 7, 10-tetraazacyclododecane-1, 4, 7, 10-tetramethylenephosphonic
acid). Samarium-153 is acquired from a nuclear reactor from a third party and the chelating agent is supplied in the form of kits. Chelating
agents are organic compounds capable of linking together metal ions to form complex ring-like structures. This combination forms a stable
complex which delivers a radioactive dose to sites of rapid bone mineral turnover such as bone cancers and tumors. CycloSam 
 has a physical half-life of 46 hours (radiation decreases by half in 46 hours) and emits both medium-energy beta particles that
produce the therapeutic effect, and gamma photons that make it possible to take images of the skeleton and locate and characterize the
size and nature of tumors. The use of radioisotopes to both diagnose and treat disease is called theranostics and is a
rapidly growing area of medical discovery. 

4 

How
CycloSam Works Mechanism of Action Administration. CycloSam utilizes a chelating
agent called DOTMP that seeks out bone locations of high mineral turnover, typical in cancer cells and tumor growth. The DOTMP part of
the molecule is taken up by calcium turnover locations in bones and carries the radioactive payload along with it. The
radioisotope Samraium-153 emits radiation as it decomposes in the form of beta particles. Approximately 50 of the radioactivity concentrates
in bone mineral with a very high lesion-to-normal bone ratio. We believe this provides a radiation dose to the adjacent tumor cells.
The absorbed radiation dose produces the presumed therapeutic effect to the tumor, killing the cancer cells or slowing their growth by
damaging their DNA. Our pre-clinical studies and single patient IND performed at the Cleveland Clinic has demonstrated that the remaining
half of the administered activity is rapidly excreted through the kidneys. 

Generally,
radiation therapy does not immediately kill cancer cells and more than one treatment is expected to eradicate a tumor, dramatically reduce
its size, or slow its growth. CycloSam has a short half-life of 46 hours and is rapidly eliminated from the body. This
avoids an undesirable radioactive buildup in healthy tissues and organs when used in multiple treatments, which we believe, is an important
feature of CycloSam over predecessor drugs. CycloSam has also not demonstrated saturation of the bone
sites in animal studies, which supports a multi-dosage treatment regimen. Additionally, we believe that high dosages may be administered
for ablating the marrow in patients that may require procedures such as stem cell transplants. 

The
final drug product of CycloSam is prepared from DOTMP kits and 153 SmCl in 0.1 N HCl at a nuclear pharmacy
local to the patient administration site. The final drug product is then delivered to the physician for use as an intravenous (IV) injection
within 72 hours. 

How
is CycloSam Made Method of Manufacturing. CycloSam uses a patented, low-specific-activity
Samarium-153 which is produced in the lower flux region (beryllium reflector) of the nuclear reactor and can be accessed with a pneumatic
tube on a daily basis. Once prescribed by radiation oncologists and nuclear medicine physicians, we order the radioisotopes from Missouri
University Research Reactor (MURR) to be sent overnight to an onsite or nearby (to the patient) nuclear pharmacy to be compounded with
a DOTMP cold kit and delivered to the treating physician for administration. While CycloSam is still in
clinical development, we believe that we have already established an efficient and cost-effective manufacturing process and supply chain,
allowing the clinician to treat the patient within approximately three days from order. 

The
DOTMP cold kit is patented in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, and was developed by IsoTherapeutics LLC, the
inventors of CycloSam . Although we believe the IsoTherapeutics cGMP manufacturing facility has the capacity
to manufacture sufficient supply for our initial rollout, and such manufacturing is currently covered under our master services
agreement, we plan to secure secondary manufacturing partners for the kits in the future. MURR has been our source of Samarium-153
used in our animal studies, our Single Patient IND for Emergency Use at the Cleveland Clinic, and our current clinical trials, and
MURR has verbally committed to supply us Samarium-153 in the future. Although we expect MURR to be a key supplier of Samarium-153 in
the U.S., and we believe they have the capability to produce our requirements of Samarium-153 on a commercial scale for U.S.
distribution, we plan to qualify additional suppliers as part of our supply chain and general business risk diversification
strategy. 

What
are CycloSam s anticipated competitive advantages. We believe CycloSam has competitive
advantages over current radiopharmaceutical offerings in the marketplace. Such potential competitive advantages include: 

CycloSam s
 radioisotope, Samarium-153, emits beta particles that travel farther than alpha particles with what we believe is sufficient energy
 to slow the growth or decrease the size of target cancer cells. We believe beta particles penetrate bone matter deeper than the alpha
 emitting radiopharmaceuticals currently in the marketplace and may be more effective in treating tumors that form in or metastasize
 to bones. 

CycloSam s
 delivery agent, DOTMP, compared to other chelating agents such as EDTMP used in Quadramet , has shown in animal and
 other pre-clinical testing to have a high bone binding affinity allowing for the maximum delivery of the radioactive payload 
 adjacent to the tumor without saturation of the bone, as observed from our pre-clinical trials. 

Our
 method of manufacturing Samarium-153 compared to Quadramet , has shown in our pharmacopeial limits studies to produce
 a 30-fold reduction in levels of the long-lived radioactive impurity Europium-154. We believe this may mitigate toxicity issues with
 the patient. 

Our
 initial studies show CycloSam has fewer toxicities and a short 46 hour half-life that may allow for more frequent
 and repeated dosing of our radiopharmaceutical. We believe this may have a greater ability to slow or reverse tumor growth. 

5 

We
 believe we have in place an efficient and cost-effective manufacturing process and established distribution system that may in the
 future allow for 24/7 availability and enable the clinician to order and have the treatment delivered to the patient within approximately
 72 hours. 

The
competitive advantages we believe to be important to CycloSam are based on pre-clinical animal and other studies including
our single patient IND at the Cleveland Clinic. We cannot be sure that our technology will perform similarly in clinical trials with
multiple human patients. Failure to achieve these competitive advantages could negatively affect our ability to achieve FDA approval
as a new drug, or our ability to market CycloSam as a treatment for bone cancer. 

Intellectual
Property 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, our IP estate includes 14 total patents issued and pending across three distinct patent families that we believe
provide protection for the use of CycloSam as a radiopharmaceutical in the U.S. and internationally. Under the License
Agreement, the Company holds three issued patents in the US, three issued patents in Japan, one issued patent in Canada, two allowed
patents in Europe, and six pending patents in international jurisdictions. Notably, the patents cover the use of low-specific activity
Samarium-153, allowing for daily supply of the highly toxicity-reduced isotope, which we believe is the key to allowing for multi-dose
regimens of CycloSam that could have a positive therapeutic effect. Also, the CycloSam kit that will
be commercialized is protected by the extensive patent estate that broadly protects DOTMP kit formulations for radioisotopes, potentially
allowing for efficient distribution of the product and widespread use. Finally, methods relating to repeat dosing regimens for therapeutic
radiopharmaceutical agents, which suggest increased efficacy based on prior research is also covered under patent applications. Taken
together, management believes that the patent family provides for a significant barrier to entry for a competitor as it is expected to
prevent a generic product from being developed; however, we cannot guarantee that a competitor will not or cannot challenge our patents
or otherwise circumvent our patents, or that we would have the resources to defend any patent infringement. 

6 

A
list of our patents and status of prosecution is included in the following table: 

Country/
 Region 
 
 Owner 
 
 Status 
 
 App
 No 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Pub
 No 
 
 Pub
 Date 
 
 Patent
 No 
 
 Issue
 Date 
 
 Expiration
 Date 

ITG-16
 CA 
 
 Canada 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 CA2926652A1 
 
 7-Oct-14 
 
 CA2926652A1 
 
 16-Apr-15 
 
 CA2926652 
 
 20-Jul-21 
 
 7-Oct-34 

ITG-16
 EP 
 
 Europe 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ALLOWED
 01/16/2023 
 
 EP14852866A 
 
 7-Oct-14 
 
 EP3054996A1 
 
 17-Aug-16 

ITG-16
 JP 
 
 Japan 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 JP
 2016-521278 
 
 6-Jun-16 
 
 JP2016-532652 
 
 20-Oct-16 
 
 JP
 6787781 B2 
 
 18-Nov-20 
 
 7-Oct-34 

ITG-16
 JP 1 
 
 Japan 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 2019-061398 
 
 27-Mar-19 
 
 JP2019123731A
 and JP2019123731A5 
 
 2-Jul-16
 and 20-Feb-20 
 
 JP
 7068222 B2 
 
 16-May-22 
 
 7-Oct-34 

ITG-16
 US 
 
 United
 States 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 15/027,280 
 
 5-Apr-16 
 
 US2016/0250359
 A1 
 
 1-Sep-16 
 
 US
 10,172,965 B2 
 
 8-Jan-19 
 
 19-Nov-34 

ITG-16
 US 1 
 
 United
 States 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 16/194,324 
 
 17-Nov-18 
 
 US2019/0083661
 A1 
 
 21-Mar-19 
 
 US
 10,596,277 B2 
 
 24-Mar-2020 
 
 05-Apr-36 

ITG-17
 CA 
 
 Canada 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 Pending 

24-May-16 
 
 CA2987242A1 
 
 1-Dec-16 

ITG-17
 EP 
 
 Europe 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 16800631 
 
 24-May-16 
 
 EP3302496 
 
 11-Apr-18 
 
 EP3302496A4 
 
 20-Jan-21 
 
 24-May-36 

ITG-17
 JP 
 
 Japan 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 2017-561326 
 
 24-May-16 
 
 2018-515585 
 
 14-Jun-18 
 
 JP
 6930922 B2 
 
 1-Sep-21 
 
 24-May-36 

ITG-17
 US 
 
 United
 States 
 
 IsoTherapeutics
 Group, LLC 
 
 Consolidated
 into ITG-17 
 
 15/821,983 
 
 24-Nov-17 
 
 Consolidated
 into ITG-17 

n/a 

ITG-17
 US 
 
 United
 States 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 Abandoned 
 
 15/821,974 
 
 24-Nov-17 
 
 US2018/0104366 
 
 19-Apr-18 

ITG-17
 US 1 
 
 United
 States 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 ISSUED 
 
 16/866,001 
 
 4-May-20 
 
 US2020/0261607
 A1 
 
 20-Aug-20 
 
 US
 11,369,700 B2 
 
 28-Jun-22 
 
 25-Jul-36 

ITG-18
 CA 
 
 Canada 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 Pending 

6-Feb-18 
 
 CA3052973A1 
 
 16-Aug-18 

ITG-18
 EP 
 
 Europe 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 Pending 
 
 18751017 
 
 6-Feb-18 
 
 EP3579886 
 
 18-Dec-19 

ITG-18
 JP 
 
 Japan 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 Pending 
 
 JP2019-563340 
 
 20-Sep-19 
 
 JP
 2020-506239 A and US 2021-0138095 A5 
 
 27-Feb-20
 and 21-Jan-21 

ITG-18
 US 
 
 United
 States 
 
 IGL
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 Pending 
 
 16/484,706 
 
 8-Aug-19 
 
 US
 2021-0138095 A1 
 
 13-May-21 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, the Company also has the right to use the registered trademark CycloSam for the
marketing and sale of the drug candidate. 

7 

Competition 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by the rapid evolution of technologies and understanding of disease etiology,
a strong emphasis on intellectual property and intense competition. We face substantial potential competition from many different sources,
including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies
and public and private research institutions. 

In
addition to the current methods of care for cancer patients, the field of radiopharmaceuticals is deeply studied and many parties are
pursuing commercial and academic clinical trials. Early results from these trials have fueled continued interest in radiopharmaceuticals,
which are pursued by several biotechnology companies as well as by large pharmaceutical companies. 

We
consider our competitors to be other companies developing targeted radiopharmaceuticals for the treatment of cancer. There are several
companies developing targeted alpha-based radiopharmaceuticals for the treatment of cancer, including Bayer AG, or Bayer, Actinium Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., RadioMedix, Inc, Orano Med, Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited, and Fusion Pharmaceuticals Inc., as well as several early-stage companies
who recently entered the field such as RayzeBio, Inc. These companies are targeting a wide range of solid and hematologic malignancies
using various alpha emitting isotopes, including Radium-223, Actinium-225 and Thorium-227. The first approved alpha particle-based therapy
is Bayer s Xofigo, a salt of radium that is not currently attached to a targeting molecule, but naturally localizes to regions
where cancer cells are infiltrating bone. Xofigo was approved in the United States by the FDA in 2013 for the treatment of bone metastases
associated with prostate cancer. 

There
are several companies with approved or late clinical stage beta-based radiopharmaceuticals, including Novartis AG and POINT Biopharma
Global. Novartis recently received FDA approval for Pluvicto, a radiopharmaceutical medication
used for the treatment of prostate-specific membrane antigen-positive metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. Pluvicto uses
the beta-emitter Lutetium-177. Another competitive company, POINT Biopharma, has two indications using beta-emitting particles
in Phase 3 trials, and which were recently licensed by Lantheus. The beta emitting isotopes used by these companies include Iodine-131,
Lutetium-177, Strontium-89 and Yttrium-90. There are other beta particle-based radiopharmaceuticals in various stages of clinical development
by companies including Ipsen S.A., Y-mAbs Therapeutics, Inc. and Clovis Oncology, Inc. 

Many
of our current or potential competitors, either alone or with their collaboration partners, have significantly greater financial resources
and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals
and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in
even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to
be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also
compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient
enrollment in clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies and materials complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

We
could see a reduction or elimination in our commercial opportunity if our competitors develop and commercialize drugs that are safer,
more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient to administer, are less expensive or with a more favorable
label than our product candidates. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their drugs more rapidly than
we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter
the market. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy,
safety, convenience, price, the effectiveness of imaging diagnostics, the level of generic competition and the availability of reimbursement
from government and other third-party payors. 

Radiopharmaceutical
Market 

The
radiopharmaceutical market is projected to reach 13.8 Billion by 2028 from 7.6 Billion in 2021, according to a published study by The
Insight Partners: Radiopharmaceuticals Market to 2028 Global Analysis and Forecast. Overall, the market is expected
to grow at a CAGR of 9.0 during 2021 2028. North America dominates the global radiopharmaceuticals market, which is attributed
to the prevalence of chronic disorders and the presence of supportive government plans for the development of research regarding radiopharmaceuticals.
Based on type, the radiopharmaceuticals market is bifurcated into diagnostic nuclear medicine and therapeutic nuclear medicine. The diagnostic
nuclear medicine segment is holding a larger share of the market and is anticipated to register a higher CAGR during 2021 2028.
By application, the market is segmented into oncology, cardiology, neurology, and others, with the oncology segment holding the largest
market share in 2021. 

8 

Overall,
we believe that the recent technological developments in radiopharmaceuticals, including promising new alpha-emitting candidates, will
continue to provide supportive tailwinds to this sector. As a result, management believes that it is well positioned to capitalize on
these future opportunities. 

History
of CycloSam development and past studies and trials 

The
Company has an exclusive worldwide patent and technology License Agreement for CycloSam . The New Technology was developed
at IsoTherapeutics Group, LLC IsoTherapeutics by its founders Jim Simone, PhD and R. Keith Frank, PhD (the Inventors ).
The Inventors also developed one of the first commercial radiopharmaceuticals on the market, Quadramet , approved by the
FDA in 1997 for pain palliation. Drs. Simone and Frank each have over 30 years of experience in radiopharmaceuticals publishing more
than 100 papers and authoring over 60 patents in the field. The Inventors spent much of their careers at Dow Chemical Company prior to
divestiture of its radiopharmaceutical business. According to the Inventors, CycloSam was developed to address the shortcomings
of other radiopharmaceuticals, including Quadramet, such as toxicity, saturation effects, long-lived impurities, and supply-chain complexities. 

Prior
generation Quadramet vs Improvements in CycloSam . CycloSam is a second-generation bone-seeking
radiopharmaceutical based on Quadramet. Although Quadramet was clinically proven to be effective for pain palliation associated with
metastatic bone cancer, the toxicity of the drug made repeat doses undesirable. Therefore, Quadramet s use has been limited to
pain control, not tumor reduction, elimination or disease modification. The loose binding affinity of Quadramet s chelating agent,
EDTMP, means the ratio of chelant to Samarium-153 is extremely high (~300:1). This resulting problem of bone saturation prohibits usage
of Quadramet in high doses required for treatment of bone cancer or bone marrow ablation. Additionally, high levels of impurities from
the Samarium-153 production, namely Europium-154, made repeated dosing of Quadramet undesirable. Lastly, Quadramet faced supply-chain
and distribution limitations because the Samarium-153 it uses could only be accessed from the reactor once per week. We believe that
because of these challenges, Quadramet demonstrated limited market success, and to our knowledge, was recently discontinued by its manufacturer
and distributor. We believe CycloSam overcomes these inherent limitations of Quadramet in terms of toxicity, usage, and
availability. 

The
Vienna Protocol Precedent of Efficacy. In August 2011, Dr. Helmut Sinzinger published a study in the Quarterly Journal
of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging, which demonstrated that despite the described limitations of Samarium-153 EDTMP (Quadramet ),
it could still be used to effectively treat bone metastasis. 

The
Vienna Protocol, as it was labeled, was based on a 550 patient study developed by Dr. Sinzinger to deliver therapeutic doses of Quadramet 
 on a periodic low dose basis balancing hematological toxicity and europium buildup with clinical results. The specific regimen
used very low doses of the predecessor drug (30 mCi) on an outpatient basis. The treatment was administered at three month intervals
during the first year, followed by another five treatments at six month intervals, then five therapies at nine month intervals, and then
annually indefinitely. The dosing schedule was driven by hematological concerns and constant monitoring was required. 

During
Dr. Sinzinger s trials, a wide range of positive clinical responses were seen including arrested tumor growth and even regression
of the cancer in the bone. Some patients were treated for over five years exhibiting significant clinical response. While effective,
this regimen required significant time and safety precautions on the part of both the physician and patient both of which were considered
overly burdensome. Although this study was well published and the efficacy results were promising, wide clinical adoption did not occur
due to the overall effort that was required to deliver a true therapeutic dose while avoiding the toxicity issues. Quadramet was never
approved by the FDA for the treatment of bone cancer, but rather, just for pain management associated with the disease. 

9 

Improvements
of CycloSam over Predecessor Drug 

CycloSam 
 is a new, advanced generation Samarium-153 drug with a dramatically different clinical profile than Quadramet .
By producing the Samarium-153 in a different part of the nuclear reactor, the decay by-product Europium has shown in studies to be nearly
non-existent, thus eliminating long-term buildup concerns [Source: IsoTherapeutics Group. (2021). Preparation and Stability of CycloSam 
 Sm-153-DOTMP. (Report No. QSM-1)]. Secondly, the superior binding affinity of the new chelating agent, DOTMP, means more energy
can be delivered to the target, thus minimizing off-target concerns. Further, the method of harvesting the patented low specific activity
Samarium-153 means it can be accessed on a daily basis, compared to weekly for Quadramet , at a reduced cost. We believe
that all of these clinical and manufacturing improvements were achieved without any reduction in either the tumor killing power of Samarium-153
or its ability to travel deep into the bone tumor. 

Potential
Market Indications for CycloSam . 

CycloSam s
therapeutic profile and presumed advantages over other radiopharmaceuticals, including Quadramet, translate to several potential key
market indications as detailed in the following table: 

Market 
 Estimated New Cases Diagnosed Annually (US) 
 
 Bone Metastases (Breast, Prostate, Lung) 
 400,000 
 
 Other Primary Bone Cancers 
 2,400 
 
 Primary Bone Cancer Osteosarcoma 
 1,000 
 
 Bone Marrow Ablation 
 15,000 
 
 Primary Bone Cancer Ewing s Sarcoma 
 200 

Source:
American Cancer Society estimates of new cases reported each year in the United States. Data as of July 2020. 

Bone
metastases arise in about 5 of all types of cancer, 29 of patients with multiple myeloma (15,000), 16 of lung (37,000), 6 of prostate
(48,000) and 7 of breast cancers (70,000). Roughly 70 of patients with bone metastases will experience bone pain, and many are at risk
for skeletal-related events including fracture and spinal cord compression. The total annual cost for treatment of metastatic bone disease
is approximately 12.7 billion or 17 of the total of 74 billion that was spent on direct medical costs of these cancers [Source: Schulman
KL, Kohles J. Economic burden of metastatic bone disease in the U.S. Cancer. 2007 Jun 1;109(11):2334-42. doi: 10.1002/cncr.22678. PMID:
17450591]. In addition to metastatic bone cancers, according to the National Institute of Health SEER, there are approximately 14,000
people living with osteosarcoma in the US at any one time [Source: Damron TA, Ward WG, Stewart A. Osteosarcoma, chondrosarcoma, and Ewing s
sarcoma: National Cancer Data Base Report. Clin Orthop Relat Res. 2007 Jun;459:40-7. doi: 10.1097/BLO.0b013e318059b8c9. PMID: 17414166,
and National Cancer Institute: Surveilance, E., and End Results Program Cancer Stat Facts: Bone and Joint Cancer, 
(2020)] and their cost of care is estimated to exceed 100,000 per patient [Source: American Cancer Society. Key Statistics About
Bone Cancer ]. 

Metastatic
bone cancer is currently incurable, and therefore palliation and arrest or deceleration of the progress of disease are important near-term
goals. Quadramet (Samarium-153-EDTP) and Metastron TM (89Sr chloride) were approved by the FDA for pain palliation
resulting from osteoblastic bone metastases, but their widespread acceptance and use is hampered by concern about the perceived risk
of myelosuppression when administered concurrently with chemotherapy. Xofigo, an alpha particle emitter, was approved in May 2013 and
initially was expected to capture significant market share rapidly; however, the product has only recently proven market success after
many additional clinical trials. Novartis Pluvicto, a beta-emitter, was approved by the FDA in late 2022 for the
treatment of prostate-specific membrane antigen-positive metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. Novartis reported sales in
its first full quarter of commercial release of over 80 million, and the company reported in a recent conference that they expect sales
to reach 2 billion in the coming years. 

10 

Osteosarcoma
is the most common childhood and adolescent/young adult (ages 15-39) primary high-grade bone malignancy [Source: Taran SJ, Taran R, Malipatil
NB. Pediatric Osteosarcoma: An Updated Review. Indian J Med Paediatr Oncol . 2017;38(1):33-43. doi:10.4103/0971-5851.203513]. Patients
can often have metastatic cancer at diagnosis, and metastasis to the lungs is often fatal for these patients. For patients who develop
or present with metastatic cancer in this diagnosis, the 5-year survival rate is 66 [Source: Osteosarcoma - Childhood and Adolescence
- Statistics. Cancer.Net , 30 Sept. 2021, https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/osteosarcoma-childhood-and-adolescence/statistics].
Osteosarcoma standard-of-care usually involves chemotherapy which has substantial negative side effects, or drastic surgeries such as
limb salvage or amputation. Osteosarcoma is relatively resistant to External Beam Radiation Therapy (EBRT), and currently approved radiopharmaceutical
therapeutics fall short due to myelotoxicity and long-lived radioactive impurities. There is a tremendous unmet need for a better treatment
that is more efficacious against pediatric osteosarcoma and better tolerated by patients. 

Preclinical
and Clinical Studies 

Preclinical
Studies. Preclinical toxicology studies of CycloSam in rats and dogs have shown that a single intravenous dose
of non-radioactive Samarium-153 DOTMP elicited no significant systemic toxicity. Skeletal uptake has also been studied in rats over a
wide range of doses to determine whether CycloSam displays a similar saturation effect which has been observed in studies
of Samarium-153 EDTMP (aka Quadramet). In the rat saturation study, no statistically significant difference was found in uptake as a
function of increased dosage of CycloSam . 

In
addition to rat and dog toxicological studies, a proof-of-concept study was conducted in ten dogs with spontaneously occurring bone cancer
treated with 1-2 mCi/kg of CycloSam . Treatment was well tolerated with seven dogs treated at a dose of 1 mCi/kg and one
dog treated with 2 mCi/kg who did not experience a dose limiting toxicity. One dog treated with 2 mCi/kg and one dog treated with 2.3
mCi/kg experienced grade 4 asymptomatic thrombocytopenia and neutropenia; which refers to a manageable depressed level of platelets and
neutrophils in the blood. Results from these preclinical studies suggested CycloSam has potential as a therapeutic agent
in the treatment of primary bone cancer and metastatic bone disease. 

Safety/Tox
Studies . Non-radioactive CycloSam has been through a full-scale 14-day, acute toxicological study in both rats
and dogs. This study was designed to determine the toxicokinetics of the product at four different dose levels that are higher than expected
to be used in the current clinical trials. The studies showed no systemic toxicity in either of the species with a single intravenous
administration of CycloSam (non-radioactive). Some mild to moderate allergic-like responses were seen in dogs at the
highest dose, which is much higher than would be expected for clinical use. 

Non-clinical
testing. Rat and rabbit pharmacology and targeted bone pharmacology studies have been undertaken and published in both patents
and in the literature for Samarium-153-DOTMP and their preclinical results demonstrated significant skeletal uptake fractions. We believe
these studies suggest CycloSam has promise as a bone seeking radiopharmaceutical. 

Clinical
Pharmacology. The majority of non-clinical pharmacology studies with CycloSam have been done in rats. When administered
through the tail vein, much of the Samarium-153-DOTMP binds to the bone; the half-life is 46.3 hours, but the portion of the drug not
bound to bone or calcified tissue is completely eliminated through the kidneys within 6 hours of administration. Two additional studies
in dogs with osteosarcoma have also elicited promising results, and confirm bone uptake, preliminary safety, and preliminary clinical
benefit against bone tumor. Preclinical results demonstrated significant skeletal uptake fractions. 

Clinical
Studies . We are currently enrolling patients in a Phase 1 multiple center, open label, dose escalation clinical trial intended
to determine the maximum tolerated dose of CycloSam in participants, and also assess early efficacy signals. Participants
with bone cancer that has metastasized from the breast, lungs, prostate or other organs, as well as participants with cancer that has
originated in the bone such as osteosarcoma and Ewing s Sarcoma diseases that mostly affect children and young adults 
are eligible subject to the trial s inclusion and exclusion criteria. 

To
date, we have completed the first of four patient groupings cohorts ), with a total of up to 17 participants expected to
be enrolled. The completed cohort of three participants received the lowest dosage of CycloSam in the study. The total
dosage of the active radioisotope Samarium-153 to be received by the second cohort, expected to commence in early Q2 2023, will be 50 
higher. The most recent participant in QSAM s clinical trial was a patient with breast cancer that had metastasized to the bone,
a serious and life-threatening disease for which there is an unmet need by patients and an area of high interest by management for the
clinical trials and product development of CycloSam . 

11 

Safety
data from the first three patients in our clinical trial showed no Serious Adverse Events (SAE s), and no clinically significant
adverse events. Significantly, there was no clinically significant white, red, or platelet blood cell suppression to date, no Grade 3
adverse events, and no irreversible adverse events. These results are preliminary and may not be indicative of future results in the
trial. 

In
February 2022, the FDA cleared our amended protocol increasing the age criteria to participants 75 years old from the prior age limitation
of 65. This amendment to the enrollment criteria expands the population of potential participants in QSAM s Phase 1 study evaluating
CycloSam in the treatment of bone cancer. 

In
2020, CycloSam was studied for the first time in humans under a Single Patient Investigational New Drug (IND) for Emergency
Use at the Cleveland Clinic. The patient, a 25 year-old male who suffered from myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) and high-risk osteosarcoma,
received a single low dose of 1 mCi/kg of CycloSam on March 24, 2020 for dosimetry. This was followed seven days later
on March 31, 2020 by a single high dose of 32 mCi/kg (1919 mCi) of CycloSam . No injection site effects were noted at
the time of injection. At 48 hours post-injection of the second dose there was no renal toxicity observed. The estimated dose delivered
to the skeleton was 40 Gy with bone lesion uptake of 60 Gy. The abbreviation Gy stands for gray , which is a measurement
of radiation reaching the target. In this instance, a 45 Gy is considered required to deliver the radiation to the target, and therefore,
60 Gy was considered very good. The patient received an allogeneic stem cell transfusion two weeks following high dose injection of Samarium-153
DOTMP; however, the stem cell transplant failed to fully engraft. The patient, who was terminally ill prior to the treatment, passed
away on August 18, 2020, a month after bone marrow ablation and after additional procedures not using a radiopharmaceutical were performed,
from complications of an infection unrelated to the infusion of CycloSam according to the investigator. 

The
investigator concluded that high-dose CycloSam can be given safely with no apparent renal toxicity and no unexpected
adverse events attributable to Samarium-153 DOTMP. Skeletal targeting with sparing of other tissues was observed after the high dose.
This was only a single patient human clinical trial, and the patient did not survive long enough for full observation, so additional
safety and efficacy clinical trial data will have to be developed. 

License
Agreement, Collaborations and Partnerships 

Collaborations,
partnerships and similar agreements, including license agreements, are a key component of the Company s corporate strategy. As
a clinical stage biotechnology company without revenue, partnerships are an essential part of our future development. 

License
Agreement . The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary QSAM Therapeutics, entered into an exclusive worldwide patent and
technology License Agreement with IGL Pharma, Inc. IGL on April 20, 2020 with respect to the innovative work of Jim Simone,
PhD and R. Keith Frank, PhD, at IsoTherapeutics on Samarium-153 DOTMP. IGL is an affiliated company with IsoTherapeutics, and the President
of IGL, Richard Piazza, also serves as our Executive Chairman. We amended the License Agreement on November 24, 2021. 

Our
License Agreement, as amended, with IGL is for 20 years or until the expiration of the multiple patents covered under the license and
requires multiple milestone-based payments including: up to 410,000 as CycloSam advances through Phase 3 of clinical
trials, and 2 million upon commercialization. IGL has also received 12,500 shares of the Company as additional compensation. Upon commercialization,
IGL will receive an on-going royalty equal to 4.5 of Net Sales, as defined in the License Agreement, and 5 of any consideration we
receive pursuant to a sublicense, sale of the asset, or sale of QSAM Therapeutics. We will also pay for ongoing patent filing and maintenance
fees, and we have certain requirements to defend the patents against infringement claims. The parties have agreed to mutual indemnification. 

Either
party may terminate the License Agreement 30 days after notice in the event of an uncured breach, or immediately in the case of bankruptcy
or insolvency of the other party. QSAM Therapeutics may terminate for any reason upon 30 days notice. In the case IGL terminates
due to an uncured breach, IGL will repay to us 25 of our direct clinical costs to assume ownership of data and other information gained
in that process. 

In
connection with the License Agreement, QSAM Therapeutics signed a two-year Consulting and Confidentiality Agreement (the
 Consulting Agreement with IGL, which provides IGL with payments of 8,500 per month that continued through April
2022. We now contract directly with IsoTherapeutics for monthly consulting services at 8,500 per month under our Master Services Agreement. Pursuant to this arrangement,
IsoTherapeutics provides us with additional consulting and
advisory services from the technology s founders to assist in the clinical development of CycloSam . Our
Executive Chairman serves as President of IGL, receives a 500 per month fee from IGL, and holds options to acquire less than 1 
equity stake in IGL. 

12 

Contracted
Research Organization . In January 2020, our licensor, IGL Pharma, entered into a Master Services Agreement (MSA) with a full-service
Contract Research Organization (CRO) with over a 30 year history of service to pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients. The MSA was
amended in February 2021 to add QSAM as a party and includes a fixed monthly retainer for regulatory and clinical trial consulting services
as well as specific work orders for clinical trial execution services. The CRO has a full-time staff of project managers, statisticians,
physicians, nurses and other regulatory and operational personnel to support our FDA interactions, filings and preclinical and clinical
trial activities. Specifically, the CRO provides clinical trial management services, clinical study monitoring services, medical coding
services, electronic data capture services, data management services, medical monitoring services, safety reporting and medical writing
services. 

Government
Regulation and Product Approval 

Clinical
trials, the drug approval process, and the marketing of drugs are intensively regulated in the United States and in all major foreign
countries. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ),
and related regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with the
applicable U.S. regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject
an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the imposition by the FDA Institutional Review Board IRB of a clinical hold on trials, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications or supplements, withdrawal
of an approval, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions,
fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The
FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon
the clinical development, manufacture and marketing of biopharmaceutical products. These agencies and other federal, state, and local
entities regulate research and development activities and the testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling,
storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, and promotion of product we develop in the future. 

The
FDCA and/or FDA s policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay regulatory
approval of any candidate drug product or approval of new disease indications or label changes. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature
or extent of adverse governmental regulation that might arise from future legislative or administrative action, either in the United
States or abroad. 

Marketing
Approval : The process required by the FDA before new drugs may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

nonclinical
 laboratory and animal tests; 

chemistry,
 manufacturing, and control testing (CMC), validation and documentation of all synthesis, preparation and production processes for
 all kit ingredients and finished products; 

submission
 of an Investigational New Drug (IND) application, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 

adequate
 and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use or uses; 

pre-approval
 inspection of manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites; and 

FDA
 approval of a New Drug Application (NDA) which must occur before a drug can be marketed or sold. 

13 

The
testing and approval process requires substantial time and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals will be granted
on a timely basis if at all. 

We
will need to successfully complete additional clinical trials in order to be in a position to submit an NDA to the FDA. Future trials
may not begin or be completed on schedule, if at all. Trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: 

obtaining
 regulatory approval to commence a study; 

reaching
 agreement with third-party clinical trial sites and vendors and their subsequent performance in conducting accurate and reliable
 studies on a timely basis; 

obtaining
 institutional review board approval to conduct a study at a prospective site; 

recruiting
 subjects to participate in a study; and 

supply
 of the drug. 

We
must reach an agreement with the FDA on the proposed protocols for our future clinical trials, post-market safety monitoring, and on
a Pediatric Development Plan in the United States. All new drugs now require the presentation to the FDA after Phase II clinical trials
have ended of a Pediatric Development Plan outlining the strategy and steps to be taken by us to study CycloSam in children
as appropriate. A separate submission to the FDA must be made for each successive clinical trial to be conducted during product development.
Further, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial
before it commences at that site. Informed consent must also be obtained from each study subject. Regulatory authorities, an IRB, a data
safety monitoring board, or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding
that the participants are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Such risks may include unexpected or serious adverse events,
or increased severity or occurrence rate of know potential adverse events. 

FDA
Post-Approval Requirements : Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation
by the FDA, including requirements for record-keeping and reporting of adverse experiences with the drug and/or additional post-market
clinical trials. Drug manufacturers are required to register their facilities with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject
to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMPs, which impose certain quality processes,
manufacturing controls, and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers in order to ensure that the product
is safe, has the identity and strength, and meets the quality and purity characteristics that it purports to have. Under the federal
Prescription Drug Marketing Act, the sampling and distribution and tracking of drugs is regulated. It is designed to discourage the sale
of counterfeit, adulterated, misbranded, subpotent, and expired prescription drugs. Certain states also impose requirements on manufacturers
and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers
and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. We cannot be certain
that we or our present or future suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP and other FDA regulatory requirements. If our present
or future suppliers are not able to comply with these requirements, the FDA may halt our clinical trials, fail to approve any NDA or
other application, require us to recall a drug from distribution, shut down manufacturing operations or withdraw approval of the NDA
for that drug. Noncompliance with cGMP or other requirements can result in issuance of warning letters, civil and criminal penalties,
seizures, and injunctive action. 

Labeling,
Marketing and Promotion : The FDA closely regulates the labeling, marketing, and promotion of drugs. While doctors are free to prescribe
any drug approved by the FDA for any use, a company can only make claims relating to the safety and efficacy of a drug that are consistent
with FDA approval and may only actively market a drug only for the particular use and treatment approved by the FDA. In addition, any
claims we make for our products in advertising or promotion must be appropriately balanced with important safety information and otherwise
be adequately substantiated. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising,
injunctions, and potential civil and criminal penalties. Government regulators recently have increased their scrutiny of the promotion
and marketing of drugs. 

14 

Pediatric
Research Equity Act : The Pediatric Research Equity Act PREA amended the FDCA to authorize the FDA to require
certain research into drugs used in pediatric patients. The intent of the PREA is to compel sponsors whose drugs have pediatric applicability
to study those drugs in pediatric populations, rather than ignoring pediatric indications for adult indications that could be more economically
desirable. The Secretary of Health and Human Services may defer or waive these requirements under specified circumstances. The FDA may
decide that an NDA will be approved only following completion of additional pediatric studies. 

Anti-Kickback
and False Claims Laws : In the United States, the research, manufacturing, distribution, sale and promotion of drug products and medical
devices are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the Centers
for Medicare Medicaid Services, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector
General), the U.S. Department of Justice, state Attorneys General, and other state and local government agencies. For example, sales,
marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs must comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act, as amended, the
privacy regulations promulgated under HIPAA, and similar state laws. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid Drug Rebate
Program requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990, as amended, and the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, as amended.
If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional
laws and requirements apply. All of these activities are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair
competition laws. 

In
the United States, we are subject to complex laws and regulations pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including,
but not limited to, the Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and other state and federal laws and regulations. The Anti-Kickback
Statute makes it illegal for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf) to knowingly and
willfully solicit, receive, offer, or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce the referral of business, including the purchase,
order, or prescription of a particular drug, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. 

The
federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
a false or fraudulent claim for payment to or approval by the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or
used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request
or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Violations of the False Claims Act can result in very significant
monetary penalties and treble damages. The federal government is using the False Claims Act, and the accompanying threat of significant
liability, in its investigation and prosecution of pharmaceutical companies throughout the country, for example, in connection with the
promotion of products for unapproved uses and other sales and marketing practices. The government has obtained multi-million and multi-billion-dollar
settlements under the False Claims Act in addition to individual criminal convictions under applicable criminal statutes. In addition,
the federal civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to
have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service
that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected
that the government will continue to devote substantial resources to investigating healthcare providers and manufacturers 
compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ),
also created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up
a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge
of these statutes or specific intent to violate them in order to have committed a violation. 

There
are also an increasing number of state laws that require manufacturers to make reports to states on pricing and marketing information.
Many of these laws contain ambiguities as to what is required to comply with the laws. In addition, a similar federal requirement Section
6002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act
(the Affordable Care Act commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires manufacturers
to track and report to the federal government certain payments and transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals,
as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members, made in the previous calendar year.
There are a number of states that have various types of reporting requirements as well. These laws may affect our sales, marketing, and
other promotional activities by imposing administrative and compliance burdens on us. In addition, given the lack of clarity with respect
to these laws and their implementation, our reporting actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent state, and
soon federal, authorities. 

15 

Patient
Protection and Affordable Health Care Act : Historically in the United States, policy makers have attempted several healthcare reforms
regarding the healthcare system that could expand access to healthcare, improve quality of healthcare, contain healthcare costs, prevent
or delay approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the profitable sale of drugs. 

In
the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major
legislative initiatives. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act, collectively referred to as the ACA, was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental
and private insurers, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. Since its enactment, there have been judicial and political
challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. Most recently on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a judicial challenge to the
ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision,
President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for
purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental
agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining
Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to
obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how the healthcare reform measures of the Biden
administration or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA will impact the ACA. 

Congress
and the Biden administration have generally indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures
to control drug costs and improve access. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in implementing
regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions
on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation
from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using
bidding procedures to determine which drugs and suppliers will be included in their healthcare programs. Furthermore, there has been
increased interest by third party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list
prices. 

Other
Regulations : We are also subject to numerous federal, state and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing
practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. We may incur
significant costs to comply with such laws and regulations now or in the future. 

The
CycloSam radioactive product is regulated by the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), and also by similar state
regulatory agencies. The handling, packaging, shipping, transportation, and disposal of radioactive materials is highly regulated, and
those regulations can change, and the Company would have to comply with all requirements, which could be costly. Additionally, if overnight
delivery failures occur, the radioactive compounds cannot be used, and that can result in substantial increased costs and liabilities.
The disposal of radioactive materials is also regulated by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and also by similar state regulatory
agencies and the Company would have to comply with all of those requirements, which could also be costly. 

Radioactive
waste from the medical sector is an environmental concern from a global perspective. However, most studies have concluded that radioactive
material from the medical sector does not present a significant long term waste management problem when compared to wastes generated
from nuclear fuel cycle operations. This is primarily due to the characteristics of biomedical waste, such as its short half-life and
low radiotoxicity. For instance, Samarium-153 has a half-life of approximately 46 hours. Biomedical waste also typically contains low
energy emitters, such as beta and gamma isotopes, and is generally of low total and specific activity. Further considerations are the
volumes of this waste and any other hazardous properties associated with the waste such as biological and chemical risks. 

16 

Regardless
of the relatively low risks in the preparation, use and disposal of medical isotopes, entities that handle such materials should implement
an effective program for biomedical radioactive waste management based on the principles of waste prevention and minimization, while
providing for the protection of personnel and the environment, consistent with the requirements of applicable regulatory authorities.
This assessment should include an analysis of the total radionuclide inventory and pattern of use, waste types and amounts generated
and the potential routes for disposal. 

We
seek to assure that the nuclear reactor facilities that produce its Samarium-153, as well as the nuclear pharmacies that prepare doses
for treatment, have proper and effective waste management procedures in place applicable to the risks presented by the actual material.
Further, doctors and trial sites who handle radioactive materials must be educated on the dangers of handling hazardous substances and
the proper methods of disposing radioactive or formally radioactive waste, similar to the handling of other medical and bio wastes. 

Smaller
Reporting Company 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Exchange Act, and subject to the disclosure requirements of Regulation
S-K of the SEC, as a smaller reporting company. That designation will relieve us of some of the informational requirements
of Regulation S-K. 

Sarbanes/Oxley
Act 

Except
for the limitations excluded by the JOBS Act discussed under the preceding heading Emerging Growth Company, we are also
subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Sarbanes/Oxley Act created a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee
the conduct of auditors of public companies and strengthens auditor independence. It also requires steps to enhance the direct responsibility
of senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by public companies; establishes
clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines
for audit committee members appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of public companies auditors; management
assessment of our internal controls; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; requires companies and auditors
to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. Compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes/Oxley Act will substantially increase our legal and accounting costs. 

Exchange
Act Reporting Requirements 

Section
14(a) of the Exchange Act requires all companies with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, like we are,
to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to
shareholders at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our shareholders with
the information outlined in Schedules 14A (where proxies are solicited) or 14C (where consents in writing to the action have already
been received or anticipated to be received) of Regulation 14, as applicable; and preliminary copies of this information must be submitted
to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our shareholders. 

We
are also required to file annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and will be
required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant
amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

17 

Number
of Total Employees and Number of Full Time Employees 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we have four full-time employees. Our CFO is currently part-time, but has agreed to join the Company
on a full time basis upon the closing of the Company s next significant fund raising and Nasdaq uplisting. 

In
2023 and subject to adequate funding, we seek to provide our employees with health care coverage and other benefits to help attract and
maintain our workforce. We are not currently obligated to provide health insurance, however, we believe this is an important addition
to our benefits package. All employees receive at least three weeks of paid time off per year. We have historically provided incentive
stock options and other equity incentives to officers, directors and key employees to provide ownership and alignment of interests with
our shareholders. We also use in certain instances performance-based vesting for stock options, whereby we set milestones to reflect
important value creating initiatives of the Company. As a company, we seek diversity and inclusion in our workplace. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain an internet website at www.qsambio.com. We make available on or through our website, free of charge, our annual report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such material with,
or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not intend the address of our website to be an active link or to otherwise
incorporate the contents of our website into this Annual Report. You may also find all of the reports that we have filed electronically
with the SEC at their Internet site www.sec.gov . 

Item
1a. Risk Factors 

General
Risks Related to our Business and Technology 

A
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, or coronavirus, may materially and adversely affect our business
and our financial results. 

For
nearly the past three years, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to control its spread have significantly impacted the movement
of people, goods and services worldwide, including the conduct of our business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has materially affected
segments of the global economy and may affect our operations by causing a period of business disruption, supply chain issues, including
the potential interruption of our clinical trial activities and delays or disruptions in the supply of our products and product candidates.
In addition, there could be a potential effect of COVID-19 to the business at FDA or other health authorities, which could result in
delays of reviews and approvals, including with respect to our product candidates. 

The
continued spread of COVID-19 globally could also adversely impact our clinical trial operations, including our ability to recruit and
retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 if
an outbreak occurs in their geography. COVID-19, or another infectious disease, could also negatively affect our manufacturing operations,
which could result in delays or disruptions in the supply of our product candidates. 

Although
the immediate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have been assessed and mitigated, the ultimate extent of the impact of this ongoing pandemic,
including as a result of possible subsequent outbreaks of Coronavirus or of new variants thereof and measures taken in response thereto,
will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and cannot currently be predicted. While many health and safety restrictions
have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic
environment and may persist for some time. Any negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could lead to extended disruption of economic activity
and the impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be material. 

Given
the ongoing dynamic nature of variants of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is difficult to predict its full impact on our business, but if we
or any of the third parties with whom we engage were to experience shutdowns or other business disruptions, our ability to conduct our
business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively impacted, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business and our results of operation and financial condition. 

18 

Unfavorable
global economic, geopolitical conflicts and other political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

Our
results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy, the global financial markets and global
political conditions. The United States and global economies are facing growing inflation, higher interest rates and potential recession.
Furthermore, a severe or prolonged economic downturn, including a recession or depression resulting from the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic
or political disruption, such as the war between Ukraine and Russia or political conflict between China and Taiwan, could result in a
variety of risks to our business, including increased costs as well as our ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms. A
weak or declining economy or political disruption, including any international trade disputes, could also strain our manufacturers or
suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause delays in completion of clinical trials. Any of the foregoing could seriously
harm our business, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the political or economic climate and financial market conditions
could seriously harm our business. 

Drug
development is a long and inherently uncertain process with a high risk of failure at every stage of development. 

Drug
development is a highly uncertain scientific and medical endeavor, and failure can unexpectedly occur at any stage of clinical development.
Typically, there is a high rate of attrition for product candidates in preclinical and clinical trials due to scientific feasibility,
safety, efficacy, changing standards of medical care and other variables. Pre-clinical studies and clinical trials are long, expensive
and highly uncertain processes that can take many years. It will take us several years to complete our clinical trials and the time required
for completing, testing and obtaining approvals is uncertain. The start or end of a clinical trial is often delayed or halted due to
changing regulatory requirements, manufacturing challenges, required clinical trial administrative actions, slower than anticipated patient
enrollment, changing standards of care, availability or prevalence of use of a comparator drug or required prior therapy, clinical outcomes,
or financial constraints. The FDA and other U.S. and foreign regulatory agencies have substantial discretion, at any phase of development,
to terminate clinical trials, require additional clinical development or other testing, delay, condition or withhold registration and
marketing approval and mandate product withdrawals, including recalls. Additionally, we may also amend, suspend or terminate clinical
trials at any time if we believe that the participating patients are being exposed to unacceptable health risks. Results attained in
our early human clinical trial may not be indicative of results in later clinical trials. Our failure to demonstrate adequately the safety
and efficacy of a product under development would delay or prevent marketing approval, which could adversely affect our operating results
and credibility. The failure of one or more of our product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The
future of our business and operations depends on the success of our development and commercialization programs. 

Our
business and operations entail a variety of serious risks and uncertainties and are inherently risky. The development programs on which
we focus involve novel approaches to treating bone cancer and related diseases. Our product candidates are in clinical development, and
in some respects, involve technologies with which we have limited prior experience. We are subject to the risks of failure inherent in
the development and commercialization of product candidates based on new technologies. There is some precedent for the successful commercialization
of products based on our technologies, but there are still a number of technological challenges that we must overcome to complete our
clinical trials and development efforts. We may not be able to successfully develop our product candidates. We must successfully complete
clinical trials and obtain regulatory approvals for potential commercial products. Once approved, if at all, commercial product sales
are subject to general and industry-specific local and international economic, regulatory, technological and policy developments and
trends. Delays, higher costs or other weaknesses in the manufacturing process or any of our contracted manufacturing organizations could
hinder the development and commercialization of our product pipeline. The oncology space in which we operate presents numerous significant
risks and uncertainties that may be expected to increase to the extent it becomes more competitive or less favored in the commercial
healthcare marketplace. 

We
currently have no in-house sales, marketing or distribution capabilities and have limited experience in marketing products. We may in
the future develop an in-house marketing and sales team, which would require significant capital expenditures, management resources and
time. We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and
sales personnel. If we decide against absorbing marketing and sales responsibilities in-house, we will need to collaborate with third-parties.
However, there can be no assurance that such collaborations will be successful or even if they are, they will be profitable for the Company
after expending capital resources in fees and expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and
distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to commercialize any product. 

19 

If
we do not obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates on a timely basis, or at all, or if the terms of any approval impose
significant restrictions or limitations on use, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected.
Setbacks in clinical development programs could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Regulatory
approvals are necessary to market product candidates and require demonstration of a product s safety and efficacy through extensive
pre-clinical and clinical trials. We may not obtain regulatory approval for product candidates on a timely basis, or at all, and the
terms of any approval (which in some countries includes pricing and reimbursement approval) may impose significant restrictions, limitations
on use or other commercially unattractive conditions. The process of obtaining FDA and foreign regulatory approvals often takes many
years and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the products involved. We have had only limited experience
in filing and pursuing applications and other submissions necessary to gain marketing approvals. Products under development may never
obtain marketing approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities necessary for commercialization. 

We
or regulators may also amend, suspend or terminate clinical trials if we or they believe that the participating patients are being exposed
to unacceptable health risks, and after reviewing trial results, we may abandon projects which we previously believed to be promising
for commercial or other reasons unrelated to patient risks. During this process, we may find, for example, that results of pre-clinical
studies are inconclusive or not indicative of results in human clinical trials, clinical investigators or contract research organizations
do not comply with protocols or applicable regulatory requirements, or that product candidates do not have the desired efficacy or have
undesirable side effects or other characteristics that preclude marketing approval or limit their potential commercial use if approved.
In such circumstances, the entire development program for that product candidate could be adversely affected, resulting in delays in
trials or regulatory filings for further marketing approval and a possible need to reconfigure our clinical trial programs to conduct
additional trials or abandon the program involved. Conducting additional clinical trials or making significant revisions to a clinical
development plan would lead to delays in regulatory filings. If clinical trials indicate, or regulatory bodies are concerned about, actual
or possible serious problems with the safety or efficacy of a product candidate, we may stop or significantly slow development or commercialization
of affected products. As a result of such concerns, the development programs for our product candidates may be significantly delayed
or terminated altogether. 

The
results of our early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of the later-stage clinical trials. In addition, initial
success in clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when such trials are completed. There can be no assurance that any
of our current or future clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of any of our product
candidates. There is a high failure rate for drugs and biologics proceeding through clinical trials. 

If
the results of any of our clinical trials are not satisfactory or we encounter problems and/or delays enrolling patients, clinical trial
supply issues, setbacks in developing drug formulations or in clinical trials, including raw material supply, manufacturing, stability
or other difficulties, or issues complying with protocols or applicable regulatory requirements, the entire development program for our
product candidates could be adversely affected in a material manner. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to
varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical
studies or clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA approval or approval from foreign regulatory authorities. 

20 

Our
business is highly dependent on our product candidate, CycloSam , and a failure to obtain regulatory approval or successfully
commercialize our product could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

In
April 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary QSAM Therapeutics entered into an exclusive worldwide patent and technology
license agreement and trademark assignment with respect to CycloSam and obtained exclusive commercial rights
to the patent portfolio developed by IGL Pharma Inc. IGL (the Original Agreement ). The agreement was mutually
amended on November 24, 2021 (collectively with the Original Agreement referred to hereinafter as the License Agreement). The
License Agreement is terminable in the event of a material breach by us that is not cured within a predefined period of time after notice
of the breach is provided to us. If the License Agreement is terminated, the Company will not have further rights to CycloSam 
 and will be unable to continue its regulatory approval process or if already commercialized, benefit from the future sales
of CycloSam . Further, the Company may be liable for damages for the breach and may suffer additional losses,
which could adversely impact our financial condition. As of the date of this prospectus, the Company s focus is to solely develop
CycloSam and it does not possess licenses to other product candidates. If we do not obtain regulatory approval
for CycloSam or fail to successfully commercialize CycloSam , we currently
have no fall back options to continue our business operations unless we secure licenses of or develop alternative drug candidates. There
is no assurance that either will occur. 

We
must design and conduct successful clinical trials for our product candidates to obtain regulatory approval. We rely on third parties
to conduct our clinical trials, which reduces our control over their timing, conduct and expense and may expose us to conflicts of interest.
Clinical trial results may be unfavorable or inconclusive, and often take longer and cost more than expected. 

We
have limited internal resources for conducting clinical trials, and we rely on or obtain the assistance of others to design, conduct,
supervise, or monitor some or all aspects of some of our clinical trials. In relying on these third parties, we have less control over
the timing and other aspects of clinical trials than if we conducted them entirely on our own. Problems with the timeliness or quality
of the work of a contract research organization or clinical data management organization may lead us to seek to terminate the relationship
and use an alternative service provider. However, making this change may be costly and may delay our trials and contractual restrictions
may make such a change difficult or impossible. These third parties may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may
be our competitors. In all events, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the
general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. The FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities require us to comply with
good clinical practices for conducting and recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results
are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Our reliance on third
parties that we do not control does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. 

To
obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates we must demonstrate through preclinical studies and clinical trials that they are
safe and effective. Adverse or inconclusive clinical trial results concerning any of our product candidates that regulators find deficient
in scope, design or one or more other material respects, could require additional trials, resulting in increased costs, significant delays
in submissions of approval applications, approvals in narrower indications than originally sought, or denials of approval, none of which
we can predict. As a result, any projections that we publicly announce of commencement and duration of clinical trials are not certain.
Clinical trial delays may occur as a result of slower than anticipated enrollment. Delays can be caused by, among other things, deaths
or other adverse medical events; regulatory or patent issues; interim or final results of ongoing clinical trials; failure to enroll
clinical sites as expected; competition for enrollment from other clinical trials; scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians
and institutions; disagreements, disputes or other matters arising from collaborations; our inability to obtain necessary funding; or
manufacturing problems. 

21 

Even
if our product candidates obtain marketing approval, our ability to generate revenue will depend upon public perception of radiopharmaceuticals
and will be diminished if our products are not accepted in the marketplace, or if we select pricing strategies for our products that
are less competitive than those of our competitors, or fail to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement for products
from third-party payers or government agencies. 

Adverse
events in clinical trials of our product candidates or in clinical trials of others developing similar products and the resulting negative
publicity, as well as any other adverse events in the field of radiopharmaceuticals that may occur in the future, could result in a decrease
in demand for our products or any product candidates that we may develop. If public perception is influenced by claims that radiopharmaceuticals
or specific therapies within radiopharmaceuticals are unsafe, our products or product candidates may not be accepted by the general public
or the medical community. 

The
commercial success of our products will depend upon their acceptance by the medical community and third-party payers as clinically useful,
cost effective and safe. Market acceptance of approved products is affected by a wide range of factors including the timing of regulatory
approvals, product launches and the presence of generic, over-the-counter or other competitors; the pricing of the product and relative
prices of competing products; product development efforts for new indications; the availability of reimbursement for the product; our
ability to obtain sufficient commercial quantities of the product; success in arranging for necessary sublicense or distribution relationships;
and general and industry-specific local and international economic pressures. If health care providers believe that patients can be managed
adequately with alternative, currently available therapies, they may not prescribe our products, especially if the alternative therapies
are viewed as more effective, as having a better safety or tolerability profile, as being more convenient to the patient or health care
providers or as being less expensive. Third-party insurance coverage may not be available to patients for any products we develop. For
pharmaceuticals administered in an institutional setting, the ability of the institution to be adequately reimbursed from government
and health administration authorities, private health insurers and other third-party payers could also play a significant role in demand
for our products. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly-approved pharmaceuticals. Government and other
third-party payers increasingly are attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for
new drugs and by refusing, in some cases, to provide coverage for uses of approved products for indications for which the FDA has not
granted labeling approval. In most foreign markets, pricing and profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals are subject to government
control. In the U.S., we expect that there will continue to be a number of federal and state proposals to implement similar government
control and that the emphasis on managed care in the U.S. will continue to put pressure on the pricing of pharmaceutical products. Cost
control initiatives could decrease the price that we can receive for any products in the future and adversely affect our ability to successfully
commercialize our products. If any of our product candidates do not achieve market acceptance, we will likely lose our entire investment
in that product candidate. 

We
are subject to extensive and ongoing regulation, which can be costly and time consuming, may interfere with marketing approval for our
product candidates, and can subject us to unanticipated limitations, restrictions, delays and fines. 

Our
business, products and product candidates are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and comparable authorities in other countries,
and include the Sunshine Act under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act PPACA ). These agencies and other entities
regulate the pre-clinical and clinical testing, safety, effectiveness, approval, manufacture, labeling, marketing, export, storage, recordkeeping,
advertising, promotion and other aspects of our products and product candidates. We cannot guarantee that approvals of product candidates,
processes or facilities will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. If we experience delays or failures in obtaining approvals, commercialization
of our product candidates will be slowed or stopped. In addition to these uncertainties, there have been several attempts and public
announcements by members of the U.S. Congress to repeal the PPACA and replace it with a curtailed system of tax credits and dissolve
an expansion of the Medicaid program. For example, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 was enacted in 2017, which, among other things, eliminated
the individual mandate requiring most Americans (other than those who qualify for a hardship exemption) to carry a minimum level of health
coverage, and became effective January 1, 2019. There is considerable uncertainty regarding the future of the current PPACA framework,
and any changes will likely take time to unfold. As such, we cannot predict what effect the PPACA or other healthcare reform initiatives
that may be adopted in the future will have on our business. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, the approval may include significant limitations on indicated uses for which
the product could be marketed or other significant marketing restrictions. 

If
we violate regulatory requirements at any stage, whether before or after marketing approval is obtained, we may be subject to forced
removal of a product from the market, product seizure, civil and criminal penalties and other adverse consequences. 

22 

Our
products may face regulatory, legal or commercial challenges even after approval. 

Even
if a product receives regulatory approval: 

It
 might not obtain labeling claims necessary to make the product commercially viable (in general, labeling claims define the medical
 conditions for which a drug product may be marketed, and are therefore very important to the commercial success of a product), or
 may be required to carry warnings that adversely affect its commercial success. 

Approval
 may be limited to uses of the product for treatment or prevention of diseases or conditions that are relatively less financially
 advantageous to us than approval of greater or different scope or subject to an FDA imposed Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy
 REMS that imposes limits on the distribution or use of the product. While we may develop a product candidate with
 the intention of addressing a large, unmet medical need, the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities may only approve the use
 of the drug for indications affecting a relatively small number of patients, thus greatly reducing the market size and our potential
 revenues. 

Side
 effects identified after the product is on the market might hurt sales or result in mandatory safety labeling changes, additional
 pre-clinical testing or clinical trials, imposition of a REMS, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, reputational harm
 to us, and lawsuits (including class-action suits). 

Efficacy
 or safety concerns regarding a marketed product, or manufacturing or other problems, may lead to a recall, withdrawal of marketing
 approval, marketing restrictions, reformulation of the product, additional pre-clinical testing or clinical trials, changes in labeling,
 imposition of a REMS, warnings and contraindications, the need for additional marketing applications, declining sales or other adverse
 events. These potential consequences may occur whether or not the concerns originate from subsequent testing or other activities
 by us, governmental regulators, other entities or organizations or otherwise, and whether or not they are scientifically justified.
 If products lose previously received marketing and other approvals, our business, results of operations and financial condition would
 be materially adversely affected. 

In
 certain foreign jurisdictions, drug products cannot be marketed until pricing and reimbursement for the product is also approved.
 In the United States, reimbursement approval is not required, but if not available, that may severely limit the sales, and the Center
 for Medicare Medicaid Services may require additional clinical studies, more than the FDA demands. 

We
 will be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continuous regulatory review, and might be required to undertake post-marketing trials
 to verify the product s efficacy or safety or other regulatory obligations. 

We
are increasingly dependent on information technology, and potential cyberattacks, security problems, or other disruption and expanding
social media vehicles present new risks. 

We
rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic information,
and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, billing, and operating data.
We may purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems will depend, and we rely on commercially available
systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of confidential operator and other
patient data. We depend upon the secure transmission of this information over public networks. Our networks and storage applications
could be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or others through cyberattacks, which are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly
sophisticated, or by other means, or may be breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions. In some cases, it
will be difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents and the damage they cause. We cannot assure that such breaches,
failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by us or the third parties on which
we rely. We may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of third-party failures, and insurance coverage may be inadequate
to cover all losses resulting from breaches, systems failures or other disruptions. Any significant breakdown, invasion, destruction,
interruption, or leakage of information from our systems could harm our reputation and business. 

23 

In
addition, the use of social media could cause us to suffer brand damage or information leakage. Negative posts or comments about us on
any social networking website could damage our or our brands reputations. Employees or others might disclose non-public sensitive
information relating to our business through external media channels, including through the use of social media. The continuing evolution
of social media will present us with new challenges and risks. 

Risks
Related to our Financial Position and Operating History 

We
have a limited operating history and are operating at a loss, and there is no guaranty that we will become profitable. 

We
began operations in late 2020 and anticipate that we will operate at a loss for some time. Since we have limited operating history and
no history of profitability, we have limited financial results upon which you may judge our potential. Further, our ability to become
profitable depends upon our ability to generate revenue. We have recorded no revenue from operations since inception. We do
not expect to generate significant product revenue unless or until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory
approval of, and then successfully commercialize, at least one of our product candidates; or alternatively, out license or sell our drug
candidates. Both of these scenarios are highly uncertain. In the future, we may experience under-capitalization, development delays,
set-backs with our drug development programs, lack of funding options, setbacks and many of the problems, delays and expenses encountered
by any early stage business, many of which are beyond our control. These include, but are not limited to: 

our
 lack of an operating history; 

the
 net losses that we expect to incur as we develop our business; 

obtaining
 FDA or other regulatory approvals or clearances for our technology; 

implementing
 and achieving successful outcomes for clinical trials of our products; 

convincing
 physicians, hospitals and patients of the benefits of our technology and to convert from current technology and standards of care; 

the
 ability of users of our products (when and as developed) to obtain third-party reimbursement; 

any
 failure to comply with rigorous FDA and other government regulations; and 

securing,
 maintaining and defending patent or other intellectual property protections for our technology. 

Because
our history is limited and we are subject to intense competition, any investment in us would be inherently risky. 

Because
we are a company with limited operational history and no profitability, our business activity is early-staged and subject to numerous
risks. The pharmaceutical development business is highly competitive with many companies having access to the similar products and markets.
Many of them have greater financial resources and longer operating histories than we have and can be expected to compete within the business
in which we engage and intend to engage. There can be no assurance that we will have the necessary resources to become or remain competitive.
We are subject to the risks which are common to all companies with a limited history of operations and profitability. Therefore, investors
should consider an investment in us to be an extremely risky venture. 

There
is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm issued in connection with our audited consolidated financial statements for
the calendar years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern because
of our recurring operating losses and our lack of liquidity and working capital. A going concern opinion means that there is substantial
doubt that the Company can continue as an ongoing business for the next 12 months. While we expect to become a going concern upon the
completion of the Company next planned offering, if we fail to successfully deploy our funds, fail to implement our business plan or
commercialize our drug as planned, or fail to raise additional capital when required, there can be no assurance that we will not again
lose our ability to continue as a going concern. 

24 

We
will require additional financing. 

Pharmaceutical
development is inherently costly and requires significant capital. We expect our expenses to increase significantly as we enter into
the next stage of our drug development including steps such as preclinical studies, clinical trials, research and development, and FDA
marketing approvals. If we do obtain FDA approval, we expect to incur substantial costs in commercialization of the product. In addition,
we will continue to incur costs to operate as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain additional financing in connection
with our operations. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when and if needed, or on acceptable
terms to the Company. If we are unable to obtain such financing, or if the terms thereof are too costly, we may be forced to curtail
or cease operations until such time as alternative financing may be arranged, which could have a materially adverse impact on our planned
operations and our shareholders investment. 

Based
upon our current operating plan, we believe that the net proceeds from our current private placement, if completed in full, together
with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will enable us to fund our operations through the third quarter of 2023. In particular,
we expect that the net proceeds from such offering and our existing cash and cash equivalents will allow us to advance the Phase 1 portion
of our clinical trials for CycloSam used in connection with metastatic bone cancer. We have based these estimates on
assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our operating plans
and other demands on our cash resources may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional
funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially additional
collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. In addition, our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our
ability to raise additional capital in order to implement our current business plan. This is particularly uncertain in the current environment
of rising inflation and increasing interest rates. If the market conditions are favorable or given our strategic considerations, even
if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may raise additional capital. Attempting to secure
additional financing may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop our
product candidates. 

Our
success will be dependent on our management, and the continued service of key employees . 

Our
success is dependent upon the decision making of our directors and executive officers. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our key employees and our ability to hire additional key employees when and as needed. Although we currently intend to retain
our existing management, we cannot assure you that such individuals will remain with us. Further, we cannot assure that we will be able
to find and recruit new employees on terms acceptable to the Company. We have fixed term employment agreements with our three key employees
 Messrs. Baum, Piazza and Nelson but have not obtained key man life insurance on the lives of any of them. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our key executives, directors and advisors, or the inability to find new key employees within
a reasonable period of time could have a material adverse effect on the economic condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Risks
Related to Working with Third Parties 

We
have been and expect to continue to be dependent on collaborators for the development, manufacturing and sales of certain products and
product candidates, which expose us to the risk of reliance on these collaborators. 

In
conducting our operations, we currently depend, and expect to continue to depend, on numerous collaborators. In addition, certain clinical
trials for our product candidates may be conducted by government-sponsored agencies, and consequently will be dependent on governmental
participation and funding. These arrangements expose us to the same considerations we face when contracting with third parties for our
own trials. 

If
any of our collaborators breach or terminate their agreement with us or otherwise fail to conduct successfully and in a timely manner
the collaborative activities for which they are responsible, the preclinical or clinical development or commercialization of the affected
product candidate or research program could be delayed or terminated. We generally do not control the amount and timing of resources
that our collaborators devote to our programs or product candidates. We also do not know whether current or future collaboration partners,
if any, might pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products either on their own or in collaboration with others, including
our competitors, as a means for developing treatments for the diseases or conditions targeted by our collaborative arrangements. Our
collaborators are also subject to similar development, regulatory, manufacturing, cyber-security and competitive risks as us, which may
further impede their ability to successfully perform the collaborative activities for which they are responsible. Setbacks of these types
to our collaborators could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

25 

We
are dependent upon third parties for a variety of functions. These arrangements may not provide us with the benefits we expect. 

We
rely on third parties to perform a variety of functions. We are party to numerous agreements which place substantial responsibility on
clinical research organizations, consultants and other service providers for the development of our product candidates. We also rely
on medical and academic institutions to perform aspects of our clinical trials of product candidates. We may not be able to enter new
arrangements without undue delays or expenditures, and these arrangements may not allow us to compete successfully. Moreover, if third
parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct clinical trials in accordance with
regulatory requirements or applicable protocols, our product candidates may not be approved for marketing and commercialization or such
approval may be delayed. If that occurs, we or our collaborators will not be able, or may be delayed in our efforts, to commercialize
our product candidates. 

Our
relationships with customers and third-party payers are or may become subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other
healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, program exclusion, contractual damages,
reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 

Health
care providers, physicians and third-party payers play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates
for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payers and customers will or already do require us and
them to comply with broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other health care laws and regulations, including both federal and state anti-kickback
and false claims laws, that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and
distribute our products that obtain marketing approval. Efforts to ensure that business arrangements comply with applicable health care
laws and regulations involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices
may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws
and regulations. If such operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or other applicable governmental regulations, we
may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of related operations. If physicians or other providers
or entities involved with our products are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil
or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs, which may adversely affect us. 

If
we or our partners are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of the materials needed to make our products or product candidates, development
of our products or product candidates or commercialization of our approved products could be slowed or stopped. 

We
have utilized Missouri University Research Reactor MURR to procure Samarium-153, a primary ingredient used in manufacturing
of CycloSam , for our recently conducted clinical studies. Samarium-153 is critical to manufacturing of CycloSam 
 and to our supply-chain process both during our clinical trials and if the product is commercialized. MURR has verbally committed
to supply us Samarium-153 in the future and we are expecting to enter into definitive agreements with MURR when and if we commercialize
our drug candidate. We also plan to qualify additional suppliers in 2023 as part of our supply chain and general business risk diversification
strategy. However, if we fail to partner with MURR or secure other partners for supply of Samarium-153 or if our arrangements with a
supplier do not satisfy our requirements in the future, it will directly and adversely impact the production of CycloSam .
IsoTherapuetics currently produces all of our needed supply of DOTMP cold kits, and if they are not able to continue to supply such kits,
or if we cannot obtain kits from other sources, our clinical trials may be delayed. 

26 

We
or our partners may not be able to obtain the materials necessary to make a particular product or product candidate in adequate volume
and quality. If any materials needed to make a product or product candidate is insufficient in quantity or quality, if a supplier fails
to deliver in a timely fashion or at all or if these relationships terminate, we or our partners may not be able to fulfill manufacturing
obligations for our products or product candidates, either on our own or through third-party suppliers. A delay or disruption of supplies
of our products or product candidates would have a material adverse effect on our business as a whole. Our existing arrangements with
suppliers may result in the supply of insufficient quantities of our product candidates needed to accomplish our clinical development
programs or commercialization, and we may not have the right and in any event, do not currently have the capability to manufacture these
products if our suppliers are unable or unwilling to do so. Some of these raw materials or their starting materials, components or ingredients
may come from foreign countries, which can present significant supply chain issues. We currently arrange for supplies of critical raw
materials used in production of our product candidates from single sources. We do not have long-term contracts with any of these suppliers.
Any delay or disruption in the availability of materials would slow or stop product development and commercialization of the relevant
product. 

Manufacturing
resources could limit or adversely affect our ability to commercialize products. 

We
or our partners may engage third parties, including nuclear reactor sites, to manufacture our product candidates. We or our partners
may not be able to obtain adequate supplies from third-party manufacturers in a timely fashion for development or commercialization purposes,
and commercial quantities of products may not be available from contract manufacturing organizations or CMOs at acceptable costs. 

In
order to commercialize our product candidates successfully, we need to be able to manufacture or arrange for the manufacture of products
in commercial quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements, at acceptable costs and in a timely manner. Manufacture of our
product candidates can be complex, difficult to accomplish even in small quantities, difficult to scale-up for large-scale production
and subject to delays, inefficiencies and low yields of quality products. The manufacture of radiopharmaceuticals is relatively complex
and requires significant capital expenditures. We continue to rely on CMOs for our product candidates. The cost of manufacturing our
product candidates may make them prohibitively expensive. If adequate supplies of any of our product candidates or related materials
are not available on a timely basis or at all, our clinical trials or commercialization of our product candidates could be seriously
delayed, since these materials are time consuming to manufacture and cannot be readily obtained from third-party sources. We continue
to be dependent on a limited number of highly specialized manufacturing and development partners, including single source manufacturers
for certain of our product candidates. If we were to lose one or more of these key relationships, it could materially adversely affect
our business. Establishing new manufacturing relationships, or creating our own manufacturing capability, would require significant time,
capital and management effort, and the transfer of product-related technology and know-how from one manufacturer to another is an inherently
complex and uncertain process. 

Failure
of any manufacturer of our various product candidates to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could subject us to penalties
and have a material adverse effect on supplies of our product candidates. 

Third-party
manufacturers are required to comply with current goods manufacturing practice regulations or cGMP or similar regulatory requirements
outside of the U.S. If manufacturers of our product candidates cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to the strict regulatory
requirements of the FDA and any applicable foreign regulatory authority, they may not be able to supply us with our product candidates.
If these facilities are not approved for commercial manufacture, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which could
result in delays of several years in obtaining approval for a product candidate. We do not control the manufacturing operations and are
completely dependent on our third-party manufacturing partners or contractors for compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements
for the manufacture of some of our product candidates. Manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA
and corresponding state and foreign agencies for compliance with cGMP and similar regulatory requirements. Failure of any manufacturer
of any of our product candidates to comply with applicable cGMP or other regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed
on our collaborators or us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating
restrictions, interruptions in supply and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our
product candidates and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

If
the use of hazardous and biological materials by us or third parties, such as CROs or CMOs, in a manner that causes injury or violates
applicable law, we may be liable for damages. 

Our
research and development activities may involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including radioactive, chemical
and biological materials, by us or third parties, such as contract research organizations or CROs and CMOs. Exposure to high levels of
radiation can cause acute health effects such as skin burns and acute radiation syndrome radiation sickness ). It can also
result in long-term health effects such as cancer and cardiovascular disease. We and such third parties are subject to federal, state,
and local laws and regulations in the United States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of medical and hazardous
materials. Although we believe that our and such third-parties procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these
materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from
medical or hazardous materials. In the event of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state, or federal
authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. Compliance with applicable environmental laws
and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and manufacturing
efforts, which could harm our business prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. We plan to maintain insurance coverage
in the future for injuries resulting from hazardous materials; however, future claims may exceed the amount of our coverage. Also, we
do not have insurance coverage for pollution cleanup and removal. Currently the costs of complying with such federal, state, provincial,
local and foreign environmental regulations are not significant, and consist primarily of waste disposal expenses. However, they could
become expensive, and current or future environmental laws or regulations may impair our research, development, production and commercialization
efforts. Further, although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries
to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities.
We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our
storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 

Unexpected
disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our expenditures. 

Our
operations, and those of our CROs, CMOs and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to events like earthquakes, power shortages,
telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and
other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of
these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on
third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidates to meet our demands. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies
of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other
business interruption. 

Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property 

The
validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patents and other intellectual property rights are highly uncertain. 

We
license a number of issued patents and other patent applications that have not yet been issued. We must obtain, maintain and enforce
patent and other rights to protect our intellectual property. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical firms is highly
uncertain and involves many complex legal and technical issues. There are many laws, regulations and judicial decisions that dictate
and otherwise influence the manner in which patent applications are filed and prosecuted and in which patents are granted and enforced,
all of which are subject to change from time to time. There is no clear policy involving the breadth of claims allowed, or the degree
of protection afforded, under patents in this area. Accordingly, patent applications owned by or licensed to us may not result in patents
being issued. Even if we own or license a relevant issued patent, we may not be able to preclude competitors from commercializing drugs
that may compete directly with one or more of our products or product candidates, in which event such rights may not provide us with
any meaningful competitive advantage. In the absence or upon successful challenge of patent protection, drugs may be subject to generic
competition, which could adversely affect pricing and sales volumes of the affected products. 

28 

It
is generally difficult to determine the relative strength or scope of a biotechnology or pharmaceutical patent position in absolute terms
at any given time. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its validity or enforceability, which can be challenged in litigation
or via administrative proceedings. The License Agreement from which we derive or license intellectual property provide for various royalty,
milestone, sublicensing and other payments, and include other provisions like patent prosecution and enforcement, insurance, indemnification
and other obligations and rights, and is subject to certain reservations of rights. While we generally have the right to defend and enforce
patents licensed to or by us, either in the first instance or if the licensor or licensee chooses not to do so, we must usually bear
the cost of doing so. 

Patents
have a limited life and expire by law. 

In
addition to uncertainties as to scope, validity, enforceability and changes in law, patents by law have limited lives. Upon expiration
of patent protection, our drug candidates and/or products may be subject to generic competition, which could adversely affect pricing
and sales volumes of the affected products. 

We
depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and unpatented technology, trade secrets and confidential information. If
we lose any of these rights, including by failing to achieve milestone requirements or to satisfy other conditions, our business, results
of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 

Our
core product candidate is derived from intellectual property licensed from a third party. We could lose the right to patents and other
intellectual property licensed to us if the related License Agreement is terminated due to a breach by us or otherwise. Our ability to
commercialize products incorporating licensed intellectual property would be impaired if the related License Agreements were terminated.
In addition, we are required to make substantial cash payments, achieve milestones and satisfy other conditions, including filing for
and obtaining marketing approvals and introducing products, to maintain rights under our intellectual property license. Due to the nature
of this agreement and the uncertainties of development, we may not be able to achieve milestones or satisfy conditions to which we have
contractually committed, and as a result may be unable to maintain our rights under the license. If we do not comply with our License
Agreement, the licensor may terminate it, which could result in our losing our rights to, and therefore being unable to commercialize,
related products. 

We
also rely on unpatented technology, trade secrets and confidential information. Third parties may independently develop substantially
equivalent information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our technology or disclose our technology, and we may be unable to
effectively protect our rights in unpatented technology, trade secrets and confidential information. We require each of our employees,
consultants and advisors to execute a confidentiality agreement at the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with
us. These agreements may, however, not provide effective protection in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information.
Any loss of trade secret protection or other unpatented technology rights could harm our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

If
we infringe third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, we may need to alter or terminate a product development program. 

There
may be patent or other intellectual property rights belonging to others that require us to alter our products, pay licensing fees or
cease certain activities. If our products infringe patent or other intellectual property rights of others, the owners of those rights
could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin manufacturing and marketing of the affected products. If
these legal actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages, we could be required to obtain a license in order
to continue to manufacture or market the affected products. We may not prevail in any action brought against us, and any license required
under any rights that we infringe may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

Research,
development and commercialization of a biopharmaceutical product often require choosing between alternative development and optimization
routes at various stages in the development process. Preferred routes may depend on subsequent discoveries and test results and cannot
be predicted with certainty at the outset. There are numerous third-party patents in our field, and we may need to obtain a license under
a patent in order to pursue the preferred development route of one or more of our products or product candidates. The need to obtain
a license would decrease the ultimate profitability of the applicable product. If we cannot negotiate a license, we might have to pursue
a less desirable development route or terminate the program altogether. 

29 

We
may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming
and unsuccessful. 

Competitors
may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to take legal
action to enforce our patents or our licensors patents against such infringing activity. Such enforcement proceedings can be expensive
and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is invalid or is unenforceable,
or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the compositions
or activities in question. An adverse result could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or
interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense against these assertions, non-infringement,
invalidity or unenforceability regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion
of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial
damages, including damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties
or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 

Post-grant
proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the United States Patent and Trademarks Office may be brought to determine the validity
or priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could
result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights
to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable
terms. Litigation or post-grant proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result
in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation
of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as those
within the United States. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public
announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive
these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

Risks
Related to our common stock 

Liquidity
risks associated with our common stock. 

Our
stock currently trades on OTCQB and our shares of common stock are thinly traded. While management would like to pursue a listing on
NASDAQ Capital Market or other national exchange for its common stock in the future, there can be no assurance that (1) such plan will
be achieved, (2) an active trading market will be developed or sustained, (3) the liquidity of such market will increase, (4) our stockholders
will be able sell their shares of common stock, or (5) the price that our stockholders may obtain for their common stock will be greater
than the public offering price. If an active market for our common stock with meaningful trading volume does not develop or is not maintained,
the market price of our common stock may decline materially and you may not be able to sell your shares. 

The
price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, which could lead to losses for stockholders. 

The
securities of public companies can experience extreme price and volume fluctuations, which can be unrelated or out of proportion to the
operating performance of such companies. We expect our common stock price will be subject to similar volatility. Any negative change
in the public s perception of the prospects of our Company or companies in our market could also depress our common stock price,
regardless of our actual results. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock may include: 

Regulatory
 actions; 

30 

Variations
 in our operating results; 

Announcements
 of technological innovations, new products or product enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our
 competitors; 

Recruitment
 or departure of key personnel; 

Litigation,
 legislation, regulation or technological developments that adversely affect our business; 

Changes
 in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by any securities analysts that elect to follow our common
 stock; and 

Market
 conditions in our industry, the industries of our customers and the economy as a whole. 

The
application of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase your transaction
costs to sell those shares. 

The
open-market trading of our common stock is currently subject to the penny stock rules. The penny stock rules impose additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell securities to persons other than accredited investors. For transactions covered
by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of securities and have received the
purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock,
unless exempt, the broker-dealer must deliver, before the transaction, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating to
the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information on the limited
market in penny stocks. These additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers may restrict the ability or decrease the willingness of broker-dealers
to sell our common stock, and may result in decreased liquidity of our common stock and increased transaction costs for sales and purchases
of our common stock as compared to other securities. Penny stocks generally do not have a very high trading volume. Therefore, as long
as our shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such shares of common stock may find it more difficult
to sell their securities. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends. 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock since inception and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Earnings, if any, that we may realize will be retained in the business for further development and expansion. 

Concentration
of Stock Ownership and Control. 

Our
executive officers and directors currently control approximately 38 of the common stock of the Company inclusive of vested options;
David H. Clarke, a major investor in our last three offerings and a consultant to the Company, and certain entities that he controls
holds 23 of the Company inclusive of convertible Series B preferred stock and warrants; and Checkmate Capital and its affiliates, one
of our former debt holders and lead investors in the Series B round, control approximately 12 of the Company inclusive of convertible
Series B preferred stock and warrants. The Company has employee options, stock warrants, preferred stock and convertible notes that could
result in further dilution. We may conduct funding rounds in the future, much of which may utilize our common stock. In this regard,
management, prior investors and future investors may control a significantly large amount of equity, and as a result, these stockholders
acting together will be able to influence many matters requiring stockholder approval including the election of directors and other significant
corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control,
and could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of common stock as part of a sale of our company
and may affect the market price of our stock. 

31 

The
Company has Preferred Stock with additional priority rights. 

The
Company has two classes of preferred stock, which provide voting, approval, liquidation, conversion, and other rights that are senior
to the common stock of the Company. The Company may also issue up to an additional 4,998,071 shares of blank-check preferred stock in
the future. As a result, the preferred stockholders can exert significant influence over the Company and can dilute the financial interests
of the common stockholders. 

Series
A preferred stockholders have rights to approve certain transactions, including additional debt, payment of dividends in certain
scenarios, and other similar items, all voting together as a separate class. There are currently 480 Series A shares outstanding
held by two institutional holders, convertible into approximately 216,577 shares of common stock inclusive of accrued dividends.
Series B preferred stock has liquidation preferences senior to the common stock; and all such shares and accrued dividends are
currently convertible into approximately 292,990 shares of common stock. This will lead to dilution of your shares. On December 6,
2021, all holders of Series E-1 preferred stock agreed to exchange their preferred shares for 720,986 shares of common stock, and
Series E-1 preferred stock was retired thereafter. 

As
long as shares of preferred stock are outstanding, whether now or in the future, common stockholders may have reduced control over certain
affairs of the Company, lower priority at the time of liquidation, and continued dilution of their voting and economic rights in the
shares of common stock of the Company. 

We
will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had four full-time employees and one part-time employee. As our drug development and commercialization plans
and strategies develop, we expect to need additional operational, sales, marketing, managerial, financial and other personnel, as well
as additional resources to expand our operations. 

We
currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in large part on certain third-party organizations, advisors and
consultants to provide certain services, including substantially all aspects of regulatory approval, clinical trial management and manufacturing.
There can be no assurance that the services of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us
on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to manage our outsourced activities
effectively or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance
our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors
and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new
employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, or we are not able to effectively build out new facilities to accommodate
this expansion, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan to further develop and commercialize our product candidates
and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies
will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act, and we will remain a smaller reporting company until the fiscal year
following the determination that our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is more than 250 million measured on
the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is more than 100 million during the most recently completed
fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is more than 700 million measured on the last business
day of our second fiscal quarter. Smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosure and have
certain other reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, being required to provide only two years of audited financial
statements and not being required to provide selected financial data, supplemental financial information or risk factors. 

We
may choose to take advantage of the available exemptions for smaller reporting companies. We cannot predict whether investors will find
our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our shares price may be more volatile. 

32 

If
we fail to comply with the rules and regulations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our operating results, our ability to operate our business
and investors views of us may be harmed. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires public companies to conduct an annual review and evaluation of their internal controls. Ensuring
that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements
on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that will need to be evaluated frequently. Our failure to maintain the effectiveness
of our internal controls in accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the
price of our common stock. In addition, our efforts to comply with the rules and regulations under the Sarbanes-Oxley or new or changed
laws, regulations, and standards may differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related
to practice. Regulatory authorities may investigate transactions disclosed in our Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and if legal proceedings are initiated against us, it may harm our business. 

We
have historically identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and if we fail to develop and
maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and
accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. 

In
the course of preparing our financial statements, we have historically identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. The material weakness related to limited accounting personnel and resources resulting into lack of segregation
of duties, lack of experience in accounting for equity transactions, and lack of internal controls. 

We plan to take additional steps
to continue to improve our accounting function; and we must be able to confirm that such remedial measures have been operating effectively
for a sufficient period of time. Further, we cannot assure you that any such actions we have taken or will take will prevent or avoid
potential future material weaknesses. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered
in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial
statements for prior periods. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the
trading price of our common stock. 

Our
financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates prove to be inaccurate as a result of our limited experience in making
critical accounting estimates. 

Financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP require the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts.
Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. These estimates, judgments, and
assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be wrong, then we face the risk that charges to income will be required.
In addition, because we have limited to no operating history and limited experience in making these estimates, judgments, and assumptions,
the risk of future charges to income may be greater than if we had more experience in these areas. Any such charges could significantly
harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the price of our securities. See Note 3 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies under notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the accounting
estimates, judgments, and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.
Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company currently conducts its business from office in Austin, Texas. The Company s office space in Austin is leased month-to-month
at a rate of 255 per month. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not a party to any pending legal proceeding and, to the knowledge of our management, no federal, state or local governmental agency
is presently contemplating any proceeding against us. No director, executive officer, affiliate of ours, or owner of record or beneficially
of more than five percent of our common stock is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to us in any proceeding. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None;
not applicable. 

33 

part
II 

ITEM
5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

There
is a limited established trading market for our shares of common stock. No assurance can be given that a robust market
for our common stock will develop or be maintained. If a robust public market ever develops in the future, the sale of shares of our
common stock that are deemed to be restricted securities pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC by members of management or others
may have a substantial adverse impact on any such market. 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTCQB under the symbol QSAM . Set forth below are the high and low closing bid prices for our
common stock for each quarter of the years 2021 and 2022, reflecting a 40:1 reverse stock split that took place in March 2022. These
bid prices were obtained from OTC Markets Group, Inc. All prices listed herein reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
mark-down or commissions and may not represent actual transactions. 

Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 January 1, 2021 through March 31, 2021 
 39.20 
 15.94 
 
 April 1, 2021 through June 30, 2021 
 33.60 
 12.40 
 
 July 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021 
 19.60 
 10.00 
 
 October 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 
 15.97 
 6.00 
 
 January 1, 2022 through March 31, 2022 
 14.00 
 6.00 
 
 April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 
 9.00 
 4.26 
 
 July 1, 2022 through September 30, 2022 
 6.00 
 3.50 
 
 October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 5.96 
 4.25 

Holders 

The
number of record holders of our common stock as of March 27, 2023 is 309. This figure does not include beneficial owners
who may hold their shares in street name . 

Dividends 

We
have not declared any cash dividends with respect to our common stock, and do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our future dividend policy cannot be ascertained with any certainty, and if and until we determine to engage in any business or we complete
any acquisition, reorganization or merger, no such policy will be formulated. There are material restrictions limiting our ability to
pay dividends on our securities, including state law and provisions under our Class A Preferred Stock and various debt instruments. 

34 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
following table sets forth the sales of unregistered securities by the Company in 2022: 

Purpose / Holder 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock 
 Total Price/Amount 
 
 Sale of common stock in private placement (1) 
 311,666 
 1,402,497 
 
 Common shares issued to service provider (2) 
 60,000 
 209,661 
 
 Conversion of debenture, inclusive of accrued interest (3) 
 5,469 
 132,932 
 
 Common shares issued to former director for services (4) 
 10,000 
 71,000 
 
 Common shares issued under consulting agreement to affiliate (5) 
 30,000 
 106,500 
 
 Common shares issued under service agreement (6) 
 18,750 
 254,750 
 
 Common shares issued to management in lieu of deferred salary (7) 
 168,611 
 598,389 
 
 Conversion of notes (8) 
 22,155 
 132,931 

(1) 
 Issued to 15 accredited investors, who also received
 311,666 warrants exercisable for 24-months. 

(2) 
 Issued to service provider (Alta Capital) and its affiliate
 for shareholder communications services pursuant to agreement. 

(3) 
 Converted by Brio Capital Management LLC. 

(4) 
 Issued to Joel Mayersohn, former director for past
 services. 

(5) 
 Issued to GSB Holdings, Inc., controlled by David Clarke,
 for general consulting services. 

(6) 
 Issued to Sterling Management for general consulting
 services. 

(7) 
 Issued to the Company s Executive Chairman, CEO,
 General Counsel and VP of Operations in lieu of deferred salary. 

(8) 
 Converted by two accredited investors in the Company s
 convertible note round. 

We
issued all securities reported to persons who were accredited investors as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D of the SEC, or to sophisticated investors or key employees; and each such person had prior access to all material information
about us prior to the offer and sale of these securities, and had the right to consult legal and accounting professionals. We believe
that the offer and sale of these securities were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Sections
4(a)(2) and Rule 506 of Regulation D of the SEC. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by Us and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

A.
Plan of Operation 

We
are developing next-generation nuclear medicines for the treatment of cancer and related diseases. Our initial technology is Samarium-153
DOTMP, a/k/a CycloSam CycloSam or the Technology ), a clinical-stage bone
targeting therapeutic radiopharmaceutical. CycloSam features a patented, low specific activity form of Samarium-153,
a beta-emitting radioisotope with a short 46-hour half-life, and the chelating agent DOTMP, which selectively targets sites of high bone
mineral turnover and reduces off-site migration of the tumor-killing radiation. We believe improvements in formulation and manufacturing
from a prior FDA-approved drug (Quadramet utilizing the same radioisotope has resulted in our drug candidate demonstrating
significantly less impurities, lower costs and more frequent availability. Samarium-153 and DOTMP form a highly stable complex, which
we believe, when used in multi-dose regimens either as a monotherapy or in combination with other more widely used treatments such as
external beam radiation, may demonstrate meaningful disease modifying results in primary and metastatic bone cancer. Ultimately, we may
seek to further develop and commercialize CycloSam for one or more market indications or license the Technology to a
larger pharmaceutical partner. 

In
August 2021, the Food Drug Administration (FDA) cleared our Investigational New Drug (IND) application to commence Phase 1 clinical
trials for CycloSam as a treatment for cancer that has metastasized to the bone from the lung, breast, prostate, and
other areas. We initiated this trial at our first site (Houston, TX) in November 2021, and dosed our first patient in this open-label,
dose escalating study in April 2022. As of March 27, 2023, we have dosed a total of three patients, in completion of the first cohort
grouping in this study. This phase of our clinical trials is expected to conclude by the end of 2023, at which time we expect to seek
approval from the FDA to commence Phase 2 efficacy trials of CycloSam . 

35 

Also
in August 2021, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation for the use of CycloSam to treat a primary bone cancer called
osteosarcoma, a devastating disease that mostly affects children and young adults, and in January 2022, the FDA granted us Rare Pediatric
Disease Designation for that indication. Although patients with osteosarcoma or Ewing s sarcoma are eligible to participate in
our initial Phase 1 trials, we anticipate filing a separate protocol IND application in the future, subject
to funding, to commence clinical trials specifically for these primary, pediatric bone cancers. In March 2020, CycloSam 
was also utilized in a Single Patient Investigational New Drug for Emergency Use at the Cleveland Clinic. We believe the study we conducted
at the Cleveland Clinic showed promising safety results in connection with a bone marrow ablation procedure, including patient tolerability
at high dosages. To date, CycloSam has completed animal studies in both small and large animals, including treating bone
cancer in patient dogs at a university veterinary clinic, and human Phase 1 trials have commenced. 

Clinical
trials, the drug approval process, and the marketing of drugs are intensively regulated in the United States and in all major foreign
countries. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and related
regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable
U.S. regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant
to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the imposition by the FDA Institutional Review Board IRB of a clinical hold on trials, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications or supplements, withdrawal of an approval, warning
letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties
or criminal prosecution. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 

What
is CycloSam 

CycloSam 
 is a targeted, bone seeking radiopharmaceutical that combines the beta-emitting radioisotope Samarium-153 (153Sm) with a chelating
agent, DOTMP (1, 4, 7, 10-tetraazacyclododecane-1, 4, 7, 10-tetramethylenephosphonic acid). Samarium-153 is acquired from a nuclear reactor
from a third party and the chelating agent is supplied in the form of kits. Chelating agents are organic compounds capable of linking
together metal ions to form complex ring-like structures. This combination forms a stable complex which delivers a radioactive dose to
sites of rapid bone mineral turnover such as those that form around bone cancers and tumors. CycloSam has a physical
half-life of 46 hours (radiation decreases by half in 46 hours) and emits both medium-energy beta particles that produce the therapeutic
effect, and gamma photons that make it possible to take images of the skeleton and locate and characterize the size and nature of tumors.
The use of radioisotopes to both diagnose and treat disease is called theragnostics and is a rapidly growing area of medical
discovery. 

License
Agreement 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, QSAM Therapeutics, we entered into an exclusive worldwide patent and technology license agreement (the License
Agreement with IGL Pharma, Inc. IGL on April 20, 2020 with respect to the innovative work of Jim Simone, PhD
and R. Keith Frank, PhD, at IsoTherapeutics on Samarium-153 DOTMP. IGL is an affiliated company with IsoTherapeutics, and the President
of IGL also serves as our Executive Chairman. 

Our
License Agreement with IGL, as amended in November 2021, is for 20 years or until the expiration of the multiple patents covered under the license, and requires multiple
milestone-based payments up to 410,000 as CycloSam advances through multiple stages of clinical trials, and 2 million
upon commercialization. IGL also received 12,500 shares of common stock of the Company. Upon commercialization, IGL will receive an on-going
royalty equal to 4.5 of Net Sales, as defined in the License Agreement, and will receive 5 of any consideration we receive pursuant
to a sublicense, sale of the asset, or sale of the QSAM subsidiary. We will also pay for ongoing patent filing and maintenance fees,
and we have certain requirements to defend the patents against infringement claims. The parties have agreed to mutual indemnification. 

Either
party may terminate the License Agreement 30 days after notice in the event of an uncured breach, or immediately in the case of bankruptcy
or insolvency of the other party. We may terminate for any reason upon 30 days notice. In the case IGL terminates due to an uncured
breach, IGL will repay to us 25 of our direct clinical costs to assume ownership of data and other information gained in that process. 

36 

In
connection with the License Agreement, QSAM Therapeutics signed a two-year Consulting and Confidentiality Agreement (the
 Consulting Agreement with IGL, which provides IGL with payments of 8,500 per month starting 60 days after signing.
The Consulting Agreement is to provide us with additional consulting and advisory services from the Technology s founders to
assist in the clinical development of CycloSam . Required monthly payments under the Consulting Agreement expired in
April 2022, however, we continue to utilize the services of IGL through our master services agreement at a rate of 8,500 per month. Our Executive Chairman serves as President of IGL, receives a 500
per month fee, and holds options to acquire less than a 1 equity stake in IGL. 

B .
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

COVID-19 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide.
Although our operations are not currently affected by the Covid outbreak, Covid previously had a direct impact on the
commencement of our clinical trials. Due to Covid infections at one of our vendor labs, team members leading certain startup activities
for our project were sent home and work could only be initiated upon their return, causing us to delay a key procedure, which was ultimately
completed. General conditions around Covid have also created supply chain delays with certain of our manufacturers and distributors.
Lastly, there remains a risk with the rise of Covid cases in the US could delay enrollment of patients into our clinical trials, interrupt
treatment, or cause a patient to withdraw due to prolonged effects of infection. To mitigate these risks, we have worked with our vendors
and suppliers to designate and train additional staff to support our project, and we have ordered sufficient supplies to support our
entire Phase I trial. We are also securing secondary suppliers to ensure supply chain resilience. Additionally, we are working with our
clinical trial site to screen more patients in order to have a sufficient volume of qualified patients waiting to enroll. 

Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded no revenue from operations. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net loss from operations of 5,481,291, a decrease of 6,495,774 (-54.2 from our net
loss from operations of 11,977,065 for the same period in 2021. Basic and diluted net loss per share was 3.24 and 17.12 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The primary reasons for the decrease in the net loss for 2022 over 2021 were as follows: 

(1)
FY 2022 decrease in compensation and related expenses of 5,390,712 is driven by a decrease in Series E Preferred Stock expense of
 6,887,085, offset by an increase in Stock Option expense of 595,270 for options issued to the executive team in 2022 and an
increase in wages, benefits and taxes of 735,841 for the executive team in 2022. Additionally, our independent directors were
approved for compensation for their services of 94,875 starting in 2022. 

(2)
FY 2022 increase in General Administrative costs of 158,440 is driven primarily by an increase in filling fees of 66,998 due
to the NASDAQ uplisting effort in Q2 2022, an increase in D O insurance of 82,354, and an increase in website expenses of
 10,801. 

(3)
FY 2022 decrease in Other Expenses of 915,692 is driven primarily by a 2022 gain of 54,281 on the conversion of convertible notes
versus a total expense in 2021 of 1,134,572 on the conversion of notes and debentures, offset in 2021 by a gain on the forgiveness
of PPP loans of 142,942 and a gain on the divesture of a minority investment in the company that acquired our legacy business of
 100,000. 

(4)
FY 2022 decrease in Professional Fees of 722,290 is primarily driven by a decrease in stock option and stock based consulting
expense of 761,771, offset by an increase in consulting, legal and accounting 45,851. 

(5)
FY 2022 increase in Research and Development of 375,110 is driven by an increase in vendor expenses related to the clinical trial enrolling multiple patients during 2022. 

37 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash decreased by 1,274,590 from 1,499,866 as of December 31, 2021 to 225,276 at the end of 2022.
This decrease was primarily the result of cash used in operating activities of 2,712,090, offset by cash provided by financing activities
of 1,437,500. 

Net
cash used by operating activities was 2,712,090 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which reflected our net loss during the
period of 5,481,291, non-cash adjustments of 1,999,145, a net increase in operating liabilities of 774,387, and a net decrease in
operating assets of 4,331. The majority of non-cash adjustments consists of 1,534,964 of stock-based compensation to employees and
directors, 482,162 of stock-based compensation for services, 36,300 of amortization of debt issuance costs, and a gain on the
conversion of convertible notes of 54,281. Net cash provided by financing activities was 1,437,500 for the year ended December 31,
2022, which reflected the proceeds received from the issuance of common stock and the recognition of deferred offering costs of
 35,000. Net cash used in investing activities during year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 0. 

At
December 31, 2022, our cash totaled 225,276. Our cash is currently held at large U.S. banks. 

Based
on our current strategy and operating plan, at the end of 2022 we needed to raise additional capital to support operations through the
coming year. This process is ongoing and there is substantial doubt about our ability to operate as a going concern. See Note
2 Basis of Presentation and Going Concern in our consolidated financial statements. 

As
the Company advances its clinical trials, management expects expenses to increase. These expenses include dosing and monitoring
of patients who participate in our clinical trials, manufacturing expenses, payment of fees to our CRO and other service providers, and
other general overhead expenses including additional public company costs. We anticipate that we have under 100,000 in commitments to
contractors and third-parties, not including employees, that we must pay even if we do not advance the clinical trials. We anticipate
that we will be continue the clinical trials without material interruption or delay if we are successful in raising additional funds
through our current and future offerings. There is no guarantee, however, that we can complete our current or any future offerings on
terms suitable to the Company and its shareholders if at all. 

We
have raised capital through debt and equity fundings over the last two years to advance the development of the Technology. As of
December 31, 2022, we raised 1,402,500 in a private placement, and issued a total of 311,666 shares of common stock and 311,666
common stock warrants that may be exercised any time during the following 24 months at 6.00 per share; and as of the filing of this
annual report, we have raised a total of 1,656,751 the private placement. 

In
December 2021, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the SEC to raise up to 20 million through a common stock
offering underwritten by an investment bank based in New York. Concurrently, the Company submitted an application with the NASDAQ Stock
Market LLC to list its common shares on that national exchange. Due to market conditions, in May 2022, the Company terminated this offering;
however, management plans to pursue a NASDAQ uplisting in the future. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 225,276 in cash, and 513,005 in debt from convertible notes inclusive of accrued interest,
but not including trade payables which are also significant. Management agreed in December 2022 to convert 758,750 of their accrued but unpaid salaries into
168,611 shares of common stock, and at the end of 2022, the Company had 79,166 of accrued but unpaid salary remaining on its
balance sheet. In July 2021, our loan from the Payroll Protection Program loan was forgiven. The Series A Stock, which is still
outstanding and subject to a redemption clause, is in default; however, the Company has a conversion agreement with these two
holders that is valid through March 2023. 

38 

We
have limited operations and are not currently generating any revenues from our business operations. Our independent registered
public accounting firm has issued a going concern opinion for the year ended December 31, 2022. This means that our auditors believe
there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next 12 months. Our consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. The ability of the Company to
continue as a going concern is dependent on the success of management s plans, which is not guaranteed. The Company has supported operations through
the issuance of common stock, preferred stock and debt over the last 12 months. This includes the current common stock and warrant
offering, the Series B Preferred Stock offering in the first quarter of 2021, the exercise of warrants issued in connection with the
Series B offering, and also the convertible debt offering conducted in the fourth quarter of 2021. Management expects expenses to
increase in 2023 as our drug technology advances through clinical trials, and as a result, we will need to raise additional capital
to support these operations. There is no assurance, however, that the Company will be successful in raising the needed capital and,
if funding is available, that it will be available on terms acceptable to the Company. Management believes that is has cash to
support operations into the second quarter of 2023, and if the current common stock offering is fully subscribed, that it can
continue to support operations through the third quarter of 2023; however, there is no guarantee that such plan will be successful.
We currently have accounts payable and accrued expenses that are significantly greater than our cash on hand, and to extend our
ability to operate under these conditions, management has deferred or converted to equity a large part of their salaries and we are
working with vendors to delay payments until we are able to raise additional capital. Management understands that such efforts
cannot be sustained indefinitely. If we are not successful in raising additional capital, we may need to delay clinical trials,
reduce overhead, or in the most extreme scenario, shut down operations. 

Series
B Financing . In January 2021, the Company closed a Series B Convertible Preferred Stock private placement (the Series
B Offering and issued a total of 2,500 shares at a price of 1,000 per share, raising an aggregate amount of 2.5 million, inclusive
of 156,000 in debt conversion. The Series B Offering, which commenced in 2020, was led by Checkmate Capital Group, LLC, a California
based investment firm focused on biotechnology and other technology investments. The Company completed the offering primarily to advance
its new business of drug development including funding the Company s upcoming clinical trials for its drug candidate CycloSam,
as well as for general working capital and overhead. There are currently 1,509 shares of Series B Stock outstanding, and as a result
of the current common stock private placement, the conversion price of the Series B Stock has been reset to 4.50 per share multiplied
by the issuance price. 

Warrant
Conversion. In connection with this Series B Offering closing, we issued in 2021 a total of 6.27 million common stock warrants,
which were originally exercisable prior to July 8, 2021 at an exercise price of 14.00 per share, and later modified by our Board to
expire on October 15, 2021 and be exercisable at 10.00 per share. As of October 15, 2021, seven holders of the Series B warrants exercised
those warrants and received a total of 1,871,431 common shares for total consideration to the Company of 467,858. Also in 2021, our
lead investor in the Series B Offering earned a warrant for 11,875 shares exercisable at 18.00 per share, which warrant was to expire
January 15, 2022, but modified in January 2022 to expire January 15, 2023 and be exercisable at 10.00 per share. These warrants expired
in January 2023. 

Convertible
Note Financing. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we entered into convertible note purchase agreements with eight accredited investors,
pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of 605,000 of convertible notes (the Notes ). The Notes mature on December 31,
2023 and are convertible into shares of common stock of the Company in the event of future equity financing of 5 million or greater,
NASDAQ uplisting, or at the discretion of the noteholders, at a conversion price of 0.20 per share. The obligations under the Notes
are unsecured. The Company has agreed to pay simple interest at the rate of 6 per annum on the outstanding amount of the Notes until
fully repaid or converted. In connection with the Notes offering, the Company issued 1,008,334 warrants to the noteholders, with each
warrant convertible into one share of common stock at an exercise price of 24.00 per share beginning from the date of the warrant until
October 31, 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, 125,000 of the principal amount under the Notes plus 7,932 of accrued interest was
converted into 16,616 shares of common stock, at a reduced conversion price of 6.00 per share, as approved by the Board. The outstanding
balance of the Notes as of December 31, 2022 was 480,000, exclusive of 33,005 of accrued interest through the end of 2022. 

Prior
Bridge Note Financing . The Company issued a total of 2,851,908 in Convertible Promissory Notes (the Bridge Notes during 2017, 2018 and 2019. Proceeds from the Bridge Notes were used to for the Company s Legacy Business. As of December 31, 2020,
a total of 1,965,030 plus 964,525 in accrued interest on the Bridge Notes were converted into approximately 13.3 million shares of
common stock. As of March 31, 2021, the remaining 1,447,312 of principal and interest was converted into 6,578,702 shares of common
stock, and no Bridge Notes currently remain outstanding. 

39 

Prior
Series A Preferred Stock Financing. The Company raised 600,000 in our Series A 6 Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Series A Preferred Stock from two separate accredited investors in November 2015 and January 2016, respectively. The
financing was used to support the prior, discontinued business and operations of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock bears a
6 dividend per annum, calculable and payable per quarter in cash or additional shares of common stock as determined in the
Certificate of Designation. The Series A Preferred Stock was originally convertible at 6.50 per share at the discretion of the
holders and contains price protection provisions in the instance that we issue shares at a lower price, subject to certain
exemptions. The price has been reset several times since the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. Most currently, as a result
of the current private placement offering, the conversion price was reset to 4.50 per share. Series A Preferred Stock holders also
received other rights and protections including piggy-back registration rights, rights of first refusal to invest in subsequent
offerings, security over our assets (secondary to our debt holders), and certain negative covenant guaranties that we will not incur
non-ordinary debt, enter into variable pricing security sales, redeem or repurchase stock or make distributions, and other similar
warranties. The Series A Preferred Stock was redeemable on July 1, 2019 per a March 2019 modification and is currently in technical
default. The Series A Preferred Stock has no voting rights until converted to common stock. The Series A Preferred Stockholders also
received warrants in connection with their investment, all of which had expired in January 2021. 

All
promissory notes and shares in these offerings were sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Exchange Commission under Regulation D to accredited or sophisticated investors who completed questionnaires confirming their status.
Unless otherwise described in this Quarterly Report, reference to restricted common stock means that the shares have not
been registered and are restricted from resale pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Cash
and Working Capital 

We
have incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 35,177,625
and negative working capital of 1,215,409. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the revenue and expenses incurred during the
reported periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported
results for the period in which they become known. 

Accrued
Research and Development Expenses 

We
make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on the facts and circumstances
known to us at that time. Our expense accruals for contract research, contract manufacturing and other contract services are based on
estimates of the fees associated with services provided by the contracting organizations. Payments under some of the contracts we have
with such parties depend on factors such as successful enrollment of patients, site initiation and the completion of clinical trial milestones.
In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in
each period. If possible, we obtain information regarding unbilled services directly from these service providers. However, we may be
required to estimate these services based on other information available to us. If we underestimate or overestimate the activity or fees
associated with a study or service at a given point in time, adjustments to research and development expenses may be necessary in future
periods. Subsequent changes in estimates may result in a material change in our accruals. 

40 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
recognize stock-based compensation expense for grants of stock option awards, restricted stock units and restricted stock under our Incentive
Plan to employees, nonemployees and nonemployee members of our board of directors based on the grant-date fair value of those awards.
The grant-date fair value of an award is generally recognized as compensation expense over the award s requisite service period.
In addition, in the past we have granted performance-based stock option awards and restricted stock grants, which vest based upon our
satisfying certain performance conditions. Potential compensation cost, measured on the grant date, related to these performance options
will be recognized only if, and when, we estimate that these options will vest, which is based on whether we consider the options 
performance conditions to be probable of attainment. Our estimates of the number of performance-based options that will vest will be
revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods. 

We
use the Black-Scholes model to compute the estimated fair value of stock option awards. Using this model, fair value is calculated based
on assumptions with respect to (i) expected volatility of our common stock price, (ii) the periods of time over which employees and members
of the board of directors are expected to hold their options prior to exercise (expected term), (iii) expected dividend yield on the
common stock, and (iv) risk-free interest rates. Stock-based compensation expense also includes an estimate, which is made at the time
of grant, of the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited. This estimate is revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

Our
financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Disclosures regarding our
Critical Accounting Policies are provided in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the footnotes to our consolidated
financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company did not engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation
S-K) as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements and the reports of our independent registered accounting firm required pursuant to this item are included in Item
15 of this report and are presented beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

In
connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
our management recognizes that any controls and procedures are designed only to provide reasonable assurance, and no matter how well
designed and operated, there can be no assurance that disclosure controls and procedures will operate effectively in all circumstances.
Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedure were not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the COSO, version 2013 , as discussed below. 

41 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management used the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) to perform this evaluation. As a result of this assessment,
management identified a material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The identified
material weakness is disclosed below: 

Due
 to the size of the Company and available resources, there are limited personnel to assist
 with the accounting and financial reporting function, which results in a lack of segregation
 of duties. 

As
a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described above, management concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. Management notes that upon subsequent funding, the Company expects to
have the available resources in order to hire additional personnel to expand the finance and accounting department in order to
mitigate the material weakness noted above. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform
an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us
to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the 2022 other than noted above that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B: OTHER INFORMATION 

There
was no other information required to be disclosed in the fourth quarter of 2022 that was not filed by the Company in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

42 

PART
III 

ITEM
10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification
of Directors and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names of all of our current directors and executive officers. The Directors will serve until the next
annual meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are elected or appointed and qualified, or their prior resignation or termination. 

Name 
 
 Positions
 Held 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
of 
Election or 
Designation 
 
 Date
of 
Termination 
or Resignation 

C.
 Richard Piazza 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 
 75 
 
 November
 2020 

Douglas
 R. Baum 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer Director 
 
 56 
 
 January
 2020 (1) 

Adam
 King 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 37 
 
 December
 2021 

Christopher
 Nelson 
 
 General
 Counsel 
 
 53 
 
 July
 2014 

Charles
 J. Link, Jr. 
 
 Director

63 
 
 February
 2021 

Adriann
 Sax 
 
 Director 
 
 61 
 
 January
 2022 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Baum was appointed director in January 2020 and CEO in November 2020. 

Business
Experience 

C.
Richard Piazza, Ph.D. Executive Chairman. Mr. Piazza was appointed as a member and the Executive Chairman of the board of
the Company in November 2020. Mr. Piazza has also served since 2017 as President and CEO of IGL Pharma Inc., the licensor of CycloSam ,
and a consultant to IsoTherapeutics Group, LLC, the inventors of the technology. Mr. Piazza also currently serves on the board of directors
of NovaScan LLC, a privately-held cancer detection and diagnostics company. Prior to his work with IGL Pharma, from 2014 to 2016, he
was CEO of SynVivo, Inc., a cancer diagnostics company. Mr. Piazza has more than 48 years of healthcare experience in both medical devices
and pharmaceutical/biotech and has led several technology companies to market success including numerous FDA approvals in both sectors.
Previously, he served in general management positions in both public and private international companies including Ohmeda, Smith 
Nephew Pharmaceuticals, Marquest and VitaGen (world s first bioartifical liver). Over his career, he has provided advisory services
to some of world s leading institutions including MD Anderson Cancer Center, Baylor College of Medicine, University of California
San Diego, University of Chicago and Kings College Hospital (London). In 2019, he co-founded QSAM Therapeutics, Inc. with Douglas Baum,
our CEO. Mr. Piazza obtained a BS in Economics and a BS in Speech Pathology from the State University of New York and MA PhD in
Economics from the University of Buffalo and Leeds University. 

We
believe Mr. Piazza is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his significant experience in the pharmaceutical and biotech
industry, and his experience serving of the boards and in senior management positions in several publicly traded companies. 

Douglas
R. Baum Chief Executive Officer Director . Mr. Baum was appointed to the board of the Company in January 2020 and to
the position of CEO in November 2020. He brings to the Company over 30 years of experience in the bioscience and biotech industries,
including development, FDA/EMA approval and commercialization of multiple drugs and medical devices. Over his long senior executive tenure,
he has overseen 15 product approvals through the FDA and EMA and raised over 85 million in capital to fund breakthrough technologies.
Between 2017 and 2020, Mr. Baum consulted with multiple medical schools, biotech and pharmaceutical companies; and between 2012 and 2017,
he served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Xeris Pharmaceuticals Inc. (currently, NASDAQ: XERS). Previously, he
served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Macuclear Inc., and other executive level positions with clinical trial
research firms including SCIREX and Premier Research Group, Inc. He holds a Master s of Science in Technology Commercialization
and BBA in International Business and Marketing from the University of Texas. 

43 

Mr.
Baum s extensive experience in the biotech industry as a senior level executive and vast exposure to the lifecycle of healthcare
products from trials to commercialization makes him qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Christopher
Nelson General Counsel. Mr. Nelson has been General Counsel of the Company since 2015, and was also its Director from 2016
to January 2022, and President from 2016 to November 2020. In these roles, he has overseen corporate and governance legal matters, finance
and business development for the Company. He has also served since 2016 as Managing Director of GreenBlock Capital LLC in Palm Beach,
Florida, a boutique mergers and acquisitions advisory firm specializing in bio-technology, ag-technology and similar sector business
combination transactions; and from 2019 to 2022, as General Counsel for Earth Property Holdings, LLC, a private equity-backed company
engaged in soil health and compost manufacturing in Texas and Florida. Mr. Nelson practiced law in Florida for over 27 years, and during
that time has represented many start-up, early stage and established businesses seeking financing, acquisitions and general growth management
counseling. Early in his career, Mr. Nelson was an associate with Greenberg Traurig PA, and with Akerman Senterfitt PA, both in Miami,
Florida. At both firms he served in their corporate and securities practice, representing NYSE and NASDAQ companies. Mr. Nelson received
a BA from Princeton University, and JD from University of Miami School of Law, and is a member of the Florida Bar. 

Adam
King, CPA Chief Financial Officer . Mr. King currently serves as CFO for the Company, a position he has held since December
6, 2021. Mr. King is the founder and CEO of King Consulting Group, where he provides a range of financial and reporting services for
clients that include Vice President of Finance for large private equity-backed international companies to CFO of small start-ups. Before
founding King Consulting Group in January 2021, Mr. King was the CFO for Netsertive, a venture-backed digital marketing company in Research
Triangle Park, North Carolina. From 2016 to 2018, he was the Office Managing Audit Director for BDO s Greenville, SC office, in
addition to Audit Director in Raleigh, NC, and Boston. While at BDO, Mr. King worked with various clients, from Tech and Life Science
start-ups to large billion-dollar publicly traded companies. Before his time at BDO, he served as the Director of Revenue Assurance and
Internal Controls at Bandwidth.com and an Audit Manager at Ernst Young. Mr. King holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from
Elon University and is a CPA in Raleigh, NC. In October 2019, Mr. King and his wife filed for personal bankruptcy under chapter 13 of
the United States Bankruptcy Code due to extensive medical expenses incurred by the family in connection with their child s medical
diagnosis and treatment. The repayment plan was completed in full in March 2022. 

Charles
J. Link, Jr. Director . Dr. Link was appointed to the Board in February 2021, and brings decades
of biotech and drug development experience to the Company. He currently serves on the executive committee of the Board of Directors at
NovaScan Inc., a clinical-stage company focused on cancer detection. Dr. Link is also the founder and Executive Chairman of
privately-held Syncromune Inc., a cancer immunotherapy company and a founder of biotech startup ChainLink Pharma. Dr. Link
served on the Board of Directors for Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, a clinical stage company developing alpha-particle radiopharmaceuticals
until its recent merger into a NASDAQ-listed corporation to form Perspective Therapeutics. Previously, Dr.
Link was the CEO, CSO, Chairman, and founder of NewLink Genetics, a NASDAQ-listed immunotherapy company focused on developing novel immuno-oncology
product candidates, from 1999 until his retirement in 2019. During his tenure at NewLink, Dr. Link led a series of collaborative transactions
totaling hundreds of millions of dollars with Merck, Roche and the United States government. He also oversaw the collaboration with Merck
to develop EVERBO, the first Ebola vaccine to receive FDA approval. Prior to founding NewLink Genetics, Dr. Link was an attending physician
at the National Cancer Institute. He has authored more than 100 peer-reviewed papers. Dr. Link received an M.D. from Stanford University,
and he attended the U.S. Air Force Academy. 

Dr.
Link s experience as CEO and Chairman of a NASDAQ-listed biotechnology company where he led several multi-party drug development
programs and successfully raised significant funding in the capital markets, as well as his service as an oncology physician and senior
government researcher, qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

44 

Adriann
Sax Director. Ms. Sax was appointed Director in January 2022. She has a distinguished 30+ year career in biotech and life
sciences, serving in leadership, operational and business development roles with a focus on oncology for both Fortune 100 and start-up
companies. Since May 2020, she has served as CEO and co-founder of Vetigenics LLC, an animal health biotech company, where she has secured
partnerships with Merck, obtained federal grants, and was named 2021 Start-up of the Year by the Penn Center for Innovation at the University
of Pennsylvania. From 2019 to 2020, she served as CEO and Director of Orsenix LLC, a clinical staged oncology biotech, and from 2014
through 2019, as Entrepreneur in Residence at Fortress Biotech. Previously she was EVP and Chief Commercial Officer at Kadmon Corp.,
a division of Sanofi Company, and before that served in various leadership capacities at large pharmaceutical companies, notably Vice
President at Bristol Myers Squibb, Executive Director at Merck Co., and Executive Vice President in charge of Business Development
and Strategic Planning at King Pharmaceuticals, leading to its 6.5 Billion acquisition by Pfizer. Ms. Sax holds an MBA from the Keller
Graduate School and a BS in Animal Science from the University of Delaware. She is an active advisor and board member for many industry
associations, academic institutions, and nonpublic company boards. 

Ms.
Sax s extensive experience in biotech and life sciences, serving in leadership, operational, business development, and board of
director roles for both Fortune 100 and start-up companies qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Other
Key Employees and Advisors 

Namrata
Chand VP Operations. Age 43. Ms. Chand has held the position of VP - Operations with the Company since November 2020. Ms.
Chand brings 20 years of experience and a diverse foundation in administration, marketing, operations and business development within
non-profit and for-profit sectors. Initially focusing her career in large organizations, she held leadership positions in marketing and
corporate relations at Nestle, Beam Suntory, Aetna and BFAS, a leading national animal welfare organization, to build brand awareness,
improve operational efficiency and drive overall growth. Ms. Chand later entered the life science space and joined La Jolla Capital Partners
in 2011 where she assisted small to midsize healthcare companies through various stages of development with special emphasis on capital
formation, operations, supply chain, clinical trials, marketing and business development. Most recently, Ms. Chand led Investor Relations
and Business Development for Ryca International, an innovative dental product company that entered into a joint venture with a leading
global medtech company. In addition to leading operations at the Company, Ms. Chand serves on the Advisory Board of a number of early-stage
biotech companies. 

Barry
Sugarman Scientific Advisor. Age 65. Mr. Sugarman has held the position of senior regulatory and scientific advisor with
the Company since November 2020. Mr. Sugarman has over 30 years of experience spanning public and private companies in the pharmaceutical,
medical device, dietary supplement and cosmetic industries. Mr. Sugarman has considerable direct experience in pharmaceutical product
development, manufacturing, clinical trials, regulatory affairs, FDA and government relations, marketing, and distribution; as well as
Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP s), Good Clinical Practices (GCP s), Good Laboratory Practices (GLP s), and International
Conference for Harmonization (ICH) requirements. He is an author and co-author of numerous FDA filings and approvals including Investigational
New Drug Applications, New Drug Applications, Abbreviated New Drug Applications, and Medical Device Applications 510(k) s. Mr.
Sugarman is a member of the Regulatory Affairs Professional Society, American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists, Association of
Clinical Research Professionals, and the National Association of Corporate Directors. He is a co-author of Prompt, Accurate Diagnosis
of Pediatric Cancer and Leukemia for Pediatricians, Orthopedists, and Family Practitioners (2007). 

Richard
 Keith Frank Scientific Advisor. Age 67. Dr. Frank has served as scientific advisor to the Company since April
2020. Since 2006, he has served as CEO, President and co-founder of IsoTherapeutics LLC, a radiopharmaceutical R D and contract manufacturing
company that invented CycloSam and provides services for both large and small biotechnology companies. He also serves
as Chairman of IGL Pharma, Inc., the Company s licensor of CycloSam . Prior to these positions, Dr. Frank spent
over 20 years in numerous senior scientific positions at Dow Chemical Company. At Dow, he was a collaborator in the development of bone-seeking
radiopharmaceuticals Quadramet (Sm-153-EDTMP) and STR (Ho-166-DOTMP). Additionally, Dr. Frank was the lead inventor of Iotrex 
for use in the GliaSite Radiation Therapy System. He also initiated and was the technical leader of Dow s ChelaMed SM
 Radiopharmaceutical Services offering. 

45 

Jaime
 Jim Simon Scientific Advisor. Age 69. Dr. Simon has served as scientific advisor to the Company since April
2020. Since 2006, he has served as Vice President and Chief Science Officer, and co-founder of IsoTherapeutics LLC, a radiopharmaceutical
R D and contract manufacturing company that invented CycloSam and provides services for both large and small biotechnology
companies. Prior to co-founding IsoTherapeutics, Dr. Simon spent over 25 years as a senior scientist at Dow Chemical Company where his
initial proposals led to the creation of Dow s radiopharmaceutical group. At Dow, Dr. Simon was the lead inventor for all bone
agent patents including Sm-153-EDTMP and Ho-166-DOTMP. Dr. Simon has been involved in numerous FDA submissions for clinical trials, and
has coordinated the radioisotope activities at the University of Missouri Research Reactor (isotope production), the University of Missouri
Veterinary School (dog studies), and The Harry S. Truman Veterans Administration Hospital (human clinical studies). 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of the Company s directors or executive officers or any person nominated or chosen by the
Company to become a director or executive officer. 

Directorships 

Dr.
Link served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of NewLink Genetics, a NASDAQ-listed company from 1999 until his retirement in
2019. None of our other directors is a director of a company or has been in the last five years the director of any other reporting
company or registered investment company. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as disclosed under Mr. King s biographical information pertaining to Mr. King s and his wife s filing of personal bankruptcy
under the United States Bankruptcy Code in 2019, during the past 10 years, none of our present or former directors, executive officers
or persons nominated to become directors or executive officers or control person of our Company: 

has
 filed a petition under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer
 appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within
 two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within
 two years before the time of such filing; 

was
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

was
 the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from or otherwise limiting the following activities: 

Acting
as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction
merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or
as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

Engaging
in any type of business practice; or 

Engaging
in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or
State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

was
 the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority
 barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in the
 preceding bullet point, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

46 

was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law,
 and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

was
 the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

any
Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

any
law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction,
order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
order; or 

any
law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud in connection with any business activity; or 

was
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Our
shares of common stock are registered under the Exchange Act, and therefore the officers, directors and holders of more than 10 of our
outstanding shares are subject to the provisions of Section 16(a), which requires them to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and our other equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial
owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely upon review of
the copies of such forms furnished to us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we have determined that that all officers and
directors except the following directors timely filed their reports under Section 16: 

1. Charles
 Link Jr. Form 4 reporting grant of options to buy common stock of the Company on
 February 21, 2022 was reported on March 8, 2022; 

2. Adriann
 Sax Ms. Sax was appointed as director of the Company on January 22, 2022. Ms. Sax s
 Form 3 was filed on February 17, 2022. Ms Sax s Form 4 reporting grant of options to
 buy common stock of the Company on January 25, 2022 was reported on February 17, 2022. 

Corporate
Governance 

Audit
Committee. Our Audit Committee is currently comprised of Dr. Charles Link and Adriann Sax. We have determined that both Dr. Link
and Ms. Sax are independent under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, and have the financial experience to serve of the Audit Committee;
however, pursuant to OTCQB rules, the Company is not currently required to have an audit committee. We may appoint one additional independent
director who would be qualified as a financial expert as required under NASDAQ rules to serve as the Audit Committee Chair,
if necessary, however since the Company is not required to have an audit committee under the SEC or OTCQB rules, its audit committee
currently does not have a financial expert , as that term is defined under the SEC rules. 

Under
the Audit Committee s charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for assisting with the Board s oversight of: (1) the quality
and integrity of the Company s financial statements and related disclosure; (2) the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements relating to financial and accounting matters; (3) the independent auditor s qualifications, performance and independence;
(4) the integrity of the internal controls at the Company; and (5) the administration of the Company s conflicts of interest and
related party transactions policies and procedures. The Committee is also responsible for providing an avenue for effective communication
among the Audit Committee, the independent auditor, management and the Board. 

47 

Compensation
Committee . Our Compensation Committee is currently comprised of Douglas Baum and Charles J. Link Jr., of whom only Dr. Link is
an independent director under the board independence standards. The Compensation Committee formally instituted its governance procedures
in 2017, and actively oversees all executive-level salary and compensation matters for the Company. 

Under
the Compensation Committee s charter, the purpose of the Compensation Committee is to assist the Board in carrying out its responsibilities
relating to compensation and benefits for the Company s directors, officers and employees. The Compensation Committee is also responsible
for performing the duties relating to executive compensation provided for in the rules of the national securities exchange on which the
Company s stock may be listed. The Committee is also responsible for preparing any compensation committee reports required in the
Company s annual report and proxy materials by the rules of the SEC. The Compensation Committee also oversees the performance of
the Audit Committee. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. We have not yet established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Nominating
Committee ). Up to this time, we believe that we have been able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by a Nominating
Committee through the Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

On
January 13, 2022, we adopted a revised code of ethics for our principal executive and financial officers, directors and employees. Our
code of ethics, as amended, was posted to our website (www.qsambio.com) on January 13, 2022, updating a prior version that was originally
posted as of November 2015. On January 13, 2022, we also adopted a Policy on Insider Trading. 

ITEM
11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned in or with respect to our fiscal year 2022 and 2021 for the following
persons Names Executive Officers ): 

(i) 
 our
 principal executive officer, or other individual serving in a similar capacity during the fiscal year 2022 and 2021; 

(ii) 
 our
 two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers
 at December 31, 2022, and 2021; and 

(iii) 
 up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as
 an executive officer at December 31, 2022. 

48 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) (a) 
 Bonus
 ) (b) 
 Stock
 Awards ) (c) 
 Option
 Awards ) (d) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) (e) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation ) (f) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) (g) 
 Total
 Earnings ) (h) 

C.
 Richard Piazza, 
 2022 
 163,021 
 - 
 188,949 
 116,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 468,470 
 
 Executive
 Chairman (1) 
 2021 
 127,083 
 - 
 2,082,500 
 41,250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,250,833 

Douglas
 Baum, 
 2022 
 170,833 
 - 
 180,733 
 116,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 468,066 
 
 CEO
 and Director (2) 
 2021 
 137,500 
 - 
 2,082,500 
 41,250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,261,250 

Christopher
 Nelson, 
 2022 
 133,333 
 - 
 131,442 
 116,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 381,275 
 
 General
 Counsel (3) 
 2021 
 108,333 
 - 
 595,000 
 37,950 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 741,283 

Adam
 King, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 117,000 
 - 
 - 
 208,200 
 325,200 
 
 CFO
 (4) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,820 
 10,820 

(a) 
 Salaries
 include those amounts paid and accrued as an expense on the books of the Company. 

(c)(d) 
 Stock
 and Option Awards are calculated based on the face value of awards as of the date of grant. 

(g) 
 Other
 Compensation is comprised of healthcare costs or consulting fees in the case of Mr. King. 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Piazza received only partial salary during all of 2021, which per an agreement of the parties did not start accruing unpaid salary
 until December 1, 2021, when his employment agreement was amended and restated. Per a November 14, 2022 second amendment, Mr. Piazza
 accepted as payment in full for 239,583 in deferred salary that had accrued through September 30, 2022, a cash amount of 47,917
 and 53,241 shares of common stock, subject to restrictions and forfeiture. Included in the table are 252,345 shares of common stock
 issued on December 6, 2021 per the terms of an Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, and which equity based compensation
 comprises a substantial portion of his Total Earnings in 2021. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Baum received only partial salary during all of 2021, which per an agreement of the parties did not start accruing unpaid salary
 until December 1, 2021, when his employment agreement was amended and restated. Per a November 14, 2022 second amendment, Mr. Baum
 accepted as payment in full for 229,167 in deferred salary that had accrued through September 30, 2022, a cash amount of 45,833,
 which was not paid as of December 31, 2022, and 50,926 shares of common stock, subject to restrictions and forfeiture. Included in
 the table are 252,345 shares of common stock issued on December 6, 2021 per the terms of an Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization,
 and which equity based compensation comprises a substantial portion of his Total Earnings in 2021. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Nelson received only partial salary during all of 2021, which per an agreement of the parties did not start accruing unpaid salary
 until December 1, 2021, when his employment agreement was amended and restated. Per a November 14, 2022 second amendment, Mr. Nelson
 accepted as payment in full for 166,667 in deferred salary that had accrued through September 30, 2022, a cash amount of 33,333,
 which was not paid as of December 31, 2022, and 37,037 shares of common stock, subject to restrictions and forfeiture. Included in
 the table are 70,099 shares of common stock issued on December 6, 2021 per the terms of an Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization,
 and which equity based compensation comprises a substantial portion of his Total Earnings in 2021. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 King was appointed to the position of interim CFO in December 2021, and was compensated as an independent contractor during 2021
 and 2022. He now serves as CFO in a parttime role. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

C.
Richard Piazza Executive Chairman . Mr. Piazza signed his employment agreement with the Company on November 1, 2020, with
an effective date of November 6, 2020. This agreement was amended and restated on December 6, 2021, and then amended again on November
14, 2022. The term is three years from December 2021, with extensions at the agreement of the parties. His base salary, as amended, is
 300,000 per year, however, that base salary will not commence until the Company successfully raises a minimum of 7.5 million in a single
offering. He is currently receiving an annualized base salary of 125,000 until the Company raises 2 million, at which time
the annualized base salary will be increased to 160,000, and then increased again to 225,000 upon the Company raising 5 million. Pursuant
to the November 14, 2022 amendment, Mr. Piazza accepted as payment in full for 239,583 in deferred salary that had accrued through September
30, 2022, a cash amount of 47,917 and 53,241 shares of common stock, subject to restrictions and forfeiture. 

49 

Under
the amended agreement, Mr. Piazza is entitled to receive regular company benefits, including annual bonuses and salary increases, participation
in management incentive plans involving cash or stock bonuses ranging from 25 and 125 of base salary, vacations, sick leave and PTO.
Mr. Piazza is also entitled to receive a transaction bonus in the instance any of the Company s assets are sold or sublicensed
or if the Company or its subsidiary is acquired, equal to 1.75 of the consideration received by the Company. If he is terminated for
cause, as defined in the agreement, or he leaves the employment of the Company on his own volition, Mr. Piazza shall receive salary and
benefits that have accrued up to the date of termination. If he is terminated without cause or following a material change, as defined
in the agreement, Mr. Piazza will receive salary through the date of termination plus a pro-rated portion of bonus that would be earned
during the full year when the termination became effective (or a lump sum of 50 of the full target bonus), all stock options shall vest
immediately, and base salary and healthcare benefits will continue for 24 months. Mr. Piazza also agreed to a 12 month non-compete /
non-solicitation, and signed a separate Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement with his employment agreement which assigns
to the Company any intellectual property developed by him during his employment. 

Douglas
Baum, CEO . Mr. Baum signed his employment agreement with the Company on November 1, 2020, with an effective date of November
6, 2020. This agreement was amended and restated on December 6, 2021, and then amended again on November 14, 2022. The term is three
years from December 2021, with extensions at the agreement of the parties. His base salary, as amended, is 300,000 per year, however,
that base salary will not commence until the Company successfully raises a minimum of 7.5 million in a single offering. He is currently
receiving an annualized base salary of 125,000 until the Company raises 2 million, at which time the annualized base salary
will be increased to 160,000, and then increased again to 225,000 upon the Company raising 5 million. Pursuant to the November 14,
2022 amendment, Mr. Baum accepted as payment in full for 229,167 in deferred salary that had accrued through September 30, 2022, a cash
amount of 45,833, which has not been paid as of December 31, 2022, and 50,926 shares of common stock, subject to restrictions and forfeiture. 

Under
the amended agreement, Mr. Baum is entitled to receive regular company benefits, including annual bonuses and salary increases, participation
in management incentive plans involving cash or stock bonuses ranging from 25 and 125 of base salary, vacations, sick leave and PTO.
Mr. Baum is also entitled to receive a transaction bonus in the instance any of the Company s assets are sold or sublicensed or
if the Company or its subsidiary is acquired, equal to 1.75 of the consideration received by the Company. If he is terminated for cause,
as defined in the agreement, or he leaves the employment of the Company on his own volition, Mr. Baum shall receive salary and benefits
that have accrued up to the date of termination. If he is terminated without cause or following a material change, as defined in the
agreement, Mr. Baum will receive salary through the date of termination plus a pro-rated portion of bonus that would be earned during
the full year when the termination became effective (or a lump sum of 50 of the full target bonus), all stock options shall vest immediately
and salary and healthcare benefits will continue for 24 months. Mr. Baum also agreed to a 12 month non-compete / non-solicitation, and
signed a separate Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement with his employment agreement which assigns to the Company any intellectual
property developed by him during his employment. 

Christopher
Nelson, General Counsel . Mr. Nelson initially signed his employment agreement in 2017, which renewed on a year-to-year basis
on April 1 each year. On December 6, 2021, Mr. Nelson signed an amended and restated employment agreement with the Company providing
for a term of three years, with extensions at the agreement of the parties. This agreement was amended again on November 14, 2022. His
base salary, as amended, is 225,000 per year, however, that base salary will not commence until the Company successfully raises a minimum
of 7.5 million in a single offering. He is currently receiving an annualized base salary of 100,000 until the Company raises
 2 million, at which time the annualized base salary will be increased to 125,000, and then increased again to 170,000 upon the Company
raising 5 million. Pursuant to the November 14, 2022 amendment, Mr. Nelson accepted as payment in full for 166,667 in deferred salary
that had accrued through September 30, 2022, a cash amount of 33,333, which has not been paid as of December 31, 2022, and 37,037 shares
of common stock, subject to restrictions and forfeiture. 

Under
the amended agreement, Mr. Nelson is entitled to receive regular company benefits, including annual bonuses and salary increases, vacations,
sick leave and PTO. Mr. Nelson is also entitled to receive a transaction bonus in the instance any of the Company s assets are
sold or sublicensed or if the Company or its subsidiary is acquired, equal to 0.5 of the consideration received by the Company. If he
is terminated for cause, as defined in the agreement, or he leaves the employment of the Company on his own volition, Mr. Nelson shall
receive salary and benefits that have accrued up to the date of termination. If he is terminated without cause or following a material
change, as defined in the agreement, Mr. Nelson will receive salary through the date of termination plus a pro-rated portion of bonus
that would be earned during the full year when the termination became effective (or a lump sum of 50 of the full target bonus), all
stock options shall vest immediately and salary and healthcare benefits will continue for 18 months. Mr. Nelson also agreed to a 12 month
non-compete / non-solicitation, and signed a separate Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement with his employment agreement
which assigns to the Company any intellectual property developed by him during his employment. 

50 

Proprietary
Information and Inventions Agreement 

All
officers, directors, and other key employees and consultants have signed a Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement PIIA with the Company that provides in material part the following: 

All
 inventions and discoveries made by them during their employment or using Company resources shall be assigned to the Company. 

They
 will not interfere in customer relationships during the term of employment plus 12 months after termination for any reason. 

They
 will not solicit other employees of the Company during the term of employment plus 12 months after termination for any reason. 

They
 will not compete with the business of the Company during the term of employment plus 12 months after termination for any reason. 

Outstanding
Option and Stock Awards 

The
following table presents information concerning unexercised options and unvested restricted stock awards for the named executive officers
outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding
Option and Stock Awards 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name
 (a) 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) (e) 
 Option
 Expiration Date (f) 
 Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) 
 Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (h) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Vested Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) (j) 
 
 C. Richard
 Piazza 
 3,125 
 - 
 - 
 14.40 
 8/21/31 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 - 
 12,500 
 
 10.00 
 3/3/32
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Douglas
 Baum 
 200 
 - 
 - 
 20.00 
 1/14/2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 CEO
 and Director 
 3,125 
 - 
 - 
 14.40 
 8/24/31
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 12,500 
 - 
 10.00 
 3/3/32 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Christopher
 Nelson 
 255 
 - 
 - 
 20.00 
 7/30/24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 General
 Counsel 
 60 
 - 
 - 
 20.00 
 11/17/25 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2,875 
 - 
 - 
 14.40 
 8/24/31
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 12,500 
 - 
 10.00 
 3/3/32 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

51 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information . 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, stock appreciation rights and common stock awards 
 Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, stock appreciation rights and common stock awards 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans approved by security holders 
 175,000 
 10.41 
 25,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans
 not approved by security holders 
 2,815 
 146.86 
 None 
 
 Total 
 177,815 
 
 25,000 

Information
 provided as of December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

On
January 21, 2022, the Board approved a plan of compensation for independent directors, which provides: an annual retainer of 30,000;
additional annual fees of 20,000, 15,000 and 10,000 for serving as Chair of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating
 Governance Committee, respectively; and annual fees of 7,500, 5,000 and 3,500 for serving as members of the Audit Committee,
Compensation Committee and Nominating Governance Committee, respectively. Upon appointment to our Board, non-employee directors
receive 6,250 stock options, exercisable for 10 years at a price equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date of appointment,
and vesting 50 in 12 months and the balance in 24 months. Additional annual option awards are granted at the discretion of the Compensation
Committee. All cash fees are annual and paid quarterly. 

On
January 15, 2022, Joel Mayersohn received a stock grant of 10,000 common shares for his prior services on the Board. 

On
January 25, 2022, Adriann Sax received a grant of 6,250 stock options exercisable at 8.00, and vesting half on January 25, 2023, and
the balance on January 25, 2024. The options are exercisable for 10 years following the grant date. On March 3, 2022, Adriann Sax received
a grant of 18,750 stock options exercisable at 10.00, and vesting half on March 3, 2023, and the balance on March 3, 2024. The options
are exercisable for 10 years following the grant date. 

On
February 21, 2022, Dr. Link received a grant of 25,000 stock options exercisable at 8.00, and all in 2022. The stock options are exercisable
for 10 years following the date of grant. 

The
following table provides all fees paid to all directors in 2022, but excludes fees paid to the inside directors, Messrs. Baum and
Piazza, for their services in 2022 in their respective officer capacities. Messrs. Baum and Piazza did not
receive additional fees specifically for their services as directors of the Company. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Charles J. Link 
 - 
 - 
 129,000 
 - 
 51,333 
 - 
 180,333 

Adriann Sax 
 - 
 - 
 214,375 
 - 
 43,542 
 - 
 257,917 

52 

Exchange
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization 

On
December 31, 2020, the Company reported on Form 8-K an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation authorizing the issuance of up to
8,500 shares of Series E-1 Preferred Stock (the E-1 Stock and issuance of 7,650 shares of E-1 Stock to certain officers,
directors and key personnel of the Company. The Company issued the remaining 850 shares of E-1 Stock to a newly appointed independent
director in February 2021. The E-1 Stock carried certain rights and priorities over the Company s common stockholders, such as
the right to receive in the aggregate and on a first priority non-dilutable basis 20 of the value of the ultimate sale, licensing or
commercialization of the Company s radiopharmaceutical technology. In light of the progress the Company made during 2021 in advancing
its radiopharmaceutical technology into clinical trials and the additional equity funding that management anticipates will be required
to continue to advance this technology through possible commercialization, the Company s Board determined that such rights and
priorities may have the unintended effect of complicating the Company s future fund raising efforts, and as a result, create unintended
impediments to ultimately maximizing the potential value of the Company s assets for all shareholders. After significant analysis
and discussion in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Board approved a plan to exchange the E-1 Stock for common stock and to retire all
the shares of E-1 Stock. 

On
December 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Exchange Agreement with all E-1 Stock holders pursuant to which all shares of series E-1 Stock were exchanged into an aggregate of 720,986 shares of
common stock of the Company. The value of the E-1 Stock was determined to be approximately 8.65 million based on the value of
common stock and 20 non-dilutable earnout feature, as well as a 40 control premium reflecting the ability of the E-1 Stock holders
to nominate board members, approve the sale of the Company s technology and other factors. The valuation was approved for
fairness by the chairman of the Compensation Committee at that time, who did not hold any E-1 Stock. The common stock was valued at
 12.00 per share based on a 30-day weighted average closing price calculation, and was issued proportionately to each holder based
on their individual holdings of E-1 Stock. All shares of common stock issued to the shareholders are subject to the same vesting
schedules as was originally provided in each shareholder s E-1 Stock issuance agreement, meaning that such shares are
forfeitable if certain conditions of employment are not met by the holders, and as further described in the Exchange
Agreement. 

ITEM
12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 27, 2023 for: 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership of our common stock is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes any shares over which a person exercises
sole or shared voting or investment power, or of which a person has a right to acquire ownership at any time within 60 days of March
27, 2023. Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to applicable community property laws, we believe the persons identified in
the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

In
the following table, percentage ownership is based on 2,335,520 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. In computing
the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding
all shares of voting securities subject to options or other convertible securities held by that person or entity that are currently exercisable
or releasable or that will become exercisable or releasable within 60 days of March 27, 2023. We did not deem these shares outstanding,
however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. We also deemed outstanding any shares issued to officers and directors that contain a forfeiture clause which is
not tied to a specific vesting date. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each of the following persons is c/o. QSAM Biosciences, Inc., 9442 Capital of Texas Hwy N, Plaza
1, Suite 500, Austin, TX 78759. 

53 

Except
as otherwise noted, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares beneficially owned,
subject to community property laws where applicable. 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

Name of beneficial owner 
 Amount beneficially owned (1) 
 Percent of Class Beneficially Owned (7) 
 
 C. Richard Piazza 
 314,961 (2) 
 13.4 
 
 Douglas Baum 
 313,432 (3) 
 13.4 
 
 Christopher Nelson 
 140,302 (4) 
 6.0 
 
 Adam King 
 9,613 (5) 
 0.4 
 
 Charles J. Link, Jr. 
 98,384 
 4.2 
 
 Adriann Sax 
 12,500 (6) 
 0.5 
 
 All Officers and Directors (as a group, 6 persons) 
 889,192 
 37.9 

(1)
The number of shares beneficially owned includes any shares over which the person has sole or shared voting power or investment power
and also any shares that the person can acquire within 60 days of March 27, 2023 through the exercise of any stock options or other
right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) over
the shares set forth in the table. For each person, the number of shares that is included in the table because the person has options
to acquire the shares is set forth below. 

Name 
 Option Shares 
 
 C. Richard Piazza 
 9,375 
 
 Douglas Baum 
 9,575 
 
 Christopher Nelson 
 9,440 
 
 Adam King 
 9,613 
 
 Charles J. Link Jr. 
 26,375 
 
 Adriann Sax 
 12,500 

(2)
Excludes 6,250 options that vest on March 3, 2024. 

 (3)
Includes 586 shares of common stock receivable upon the conversion of Series B preferred stock at 6.19 per share with accrued
dividends through February 2023. Excludes 6,250 options that vest on March 3, 2024. 

 (4)
Includes 3,910 shares of common stock receivable upon conversion of Series B preferred stock at 6.19 per share with accrued
dividends through February 2023. Excludes 6,250 options that vest on March 3, 2024. 

 (5)
Excludes 2,888 options that vest monthly starting July 1, 2023 through March 1, 2026. 

 (6)
Excludes 3,125 options that vest on January 21, 2024 and 9,375 options that vest on March 3, 2024. 

 (7)
The percentages shown are based on the 2,335,520 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023, plus the number of
shares that the named person or group has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 27, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentages
of outstanding shares of common stock held by each person, any shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days after March
27, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding with respect to such person but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage of ownership of any other person. We also deemed outstanding any shares issued to officers and directors that contain a forfeiture clause which is
not tied to a specific vesting date. 

More
than 5 Beneficial Holders 

Name of beneficial owner 
 Amount beneficially owned 
 Percent of Class Beneficially Owned (4) 
 
 David H. Clarke 
 584,214 (1) 
 22.5 
 
 Checkmate Capital Group LLC, Checkmate Strategic Capital 2, LLC, Checkmate Strategic Capital Holdings LLC, and Charles Thomas Paschall 
 280,816 (2) 
 11.5 
 
 Alpha Capital Anstalt 
 174,174 (3) 
 6.9 

(1) 
 The
 information is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by David Howard Clarke, GSB Holdings Inc., Bounty Hunter LLC, and supplemented and
 updated to reflect accrued dividends through February 2023 and a modified conversion price of 6.19 on Series B preferred stock, and
 additional issued common stock warrants. The address for each is 14179 Laurel Trail, Wellington, FL 33414. Includes 49,052 and 4,903
 shares of common stock receivable by certain members of the group upon of conversion of Series B preferred stock with accrued
 dividends through February 2023; and 177,778, 11,111, and 23,000 shares of common stock receivable from the exercise of common stock
 warrants by members of the group. 

54 

(2) 
 The
 information is based on a Schedule 13D filed by Checkmate Strategic Capital 2, LLC with the SEC on January 26, 2021, reporting its
 beneficial ownership along with Checkmate Capital Group LLC, Checkmate Strategic Capital Holdings LLC, and Charles Thomas Paschall,
 members of its group as that term is defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and supplemented and updated to reflect accrued dividends through February 2023 and a modified conversion price of
 6.19 on Series B preferred stock, and additional issued common stock warrants. Includes 31,276 and 29,371 shares of common stock receivable
 by certain members of the group upon of conversion of Series B preferred stock with accrued dividends through February 2023; and 50,000
 shares of common stock receivable from the exercise of common stock warrants. Mr. Paschall and Checkmate Strategic Capital 2, LLC
 each have disclaimed beneficial ownership with respect to certain securities of the Company as reported on Schedule 13D except to
 the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. Their address is 595 E. Colorado Blvd., Suite 530, Pasadena, CA 91101. 
 
 (3) 
 Based on 380 shares of Series A preferred stock and accrued dividends through February 2023, at a conversion price
of 3.33. Their address is Altenbach 8, FL-9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein. 
 
 (4) 
 The
 percentages shown are based on the 2,335,520 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023, plus the number of
 shares that the named person or group has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 27, 2023. For purposes of computing the
 percentages of outstanding shares of common stock held by each person, any shares that the person has the right to acquire within
 60 days after March 27, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding with respect to such person but are not deemed to be outstanding for
 the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of any other person. 

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

A
transaction may be a related person transaction if any of our directors, executive officers, owners of more than 5 of our common stock,
or their immediate family had a material interest in a transaction in the last fiscal year or in any currently proposed transaction in
which the Company was or is to be a participant, and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the Company s
total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years. The Company engaged in or expects to engage in the following related
persons transactions during the period set forth above: 

C.
Richard Piazza, our Executive Chairman, also serves as the President of IGL Pharma Inc., the licensor of the Company s drug technology,
and a consultant to IsoTherapeutics Group, LLC, the inventors of the technology. Mr. Piazza receives a 500 monthly fee from IGL Pharma
and holds options to acquire less than 1 of that company. 

GSB
Holdings, Inc, which holds along with its affiliated persons approximately 22.5 equity in the Company, has a month-to-month
Consulting Agreement with the Company pursuant to which it receives 12,000 and 5,000 shares of common stock per month. GSB Holdings
is controlled by David H. Clarke but maintains no equity interest in GSB Holdings, Inc. The Consulting Agreement is cancellable at
any time by the Company. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Our
Audit Committee has the primary responsibility for the review, approval and oversight of any related party transaction, 
which is any transaction, arrangement, or relationship (or series of similar transactions, arrangements, or relationships) in which we
are, were, or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which the related person has, had, or will have
a direct or indirect material interest. In approving or rejecting the proposed transactions, our Audit Committee will take into account
all of the relevant facts and circumstances available. No member of the Audit Committee will participate in any review, consideration
or approval of any related person transaction with respect to which such member or any of his or her immediate family members is the
related person. 

55 

Director
Independence 

While
we are not subject to NASDAQ rules, the Board uses the standards set forth by NASDAQ for determination of director independence. Our
current board members consist of Richard Piazza, Douglas Baum, Charles Link Jr. and Adriann Sax. Two of our currently serving Board members,
Dr. Link and Ms. Sax, are independent under director independence standards set forth by NASDAQ. For membership information of our audit
and compensation committee, and each of their independence status, please see Corporate Governance beginning on page 47
of this annual report. 

ITEM
14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed and unbilled to the Company by our independent registered public accounting firm for professional
services rendered for 2022 and 2021: 

Fee Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 77,643 
 56,000 
 
 Audit-related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 35,800 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

Audit
fees - Consists of fees for professional services rendered by D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. in 2022 and 2021 for the audit of our
annual consolidated financial statements, and the review of interim consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports
and services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related
fees - Consists of fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees. 

Tax
fees - Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
other fees - Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under
 Audit fees, Audit-related fees and Tax fees above. 

The
audit fees for 2022 and 2021 were not reviewed or approved by our Audit Committee. Under the Company s newly adopted Audit Committee
charter, such future fees will be reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. 

56 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 
 Financial
 Statements. 

The
 following financial statements of QSAM Biosciences Inc., together with the report thereon of D. Brooks and Associates, CPAs, P.A.,
 an independent registered public accounting firm, are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Registered Independent Public Accounting Firm (Auditor Firm ID # 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(a)(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
 schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Financial Statements
 or Notes thereto set forth under Item 8 above. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed December 15, 2015 and Form 8-K filed December 23, 2010) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated November 18, 2015 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated December 15, 2015) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated August 18, 2017 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated August 23, 2017) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Q2Earth, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated September 11, 2020) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated March 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated March 9, 2022) 

3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws Dated March 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1/A dated March 24, 2022) 

4.1

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A 6 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed November 18, 2015) 

4.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation for the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated December 31, 2020) 

57 

10.01 
 
 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed July 2, 2014) 

10.02 
 
 Patent and Technology License Agreement and Trademark Assignment between IGL Pharma, Inc. and QSAM Therapeutics Inc., dated April 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated April 24, 2020) 

10.03 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated January 28, 2021) 

10.04 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated December 8, 2021) 

10.05 
 
 2016 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2017) 

10.06 
 
 First Amendment to the Patent and Technology License Agreement and Trademark Assignment between IGL Pharma, Inc. and QSAM Therapeutics Inc., dated April 20, 2020 effective November 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated November 30, 2021) 

10.07 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated December 6, 2021 with C. Richard Piazza, Executive Chairman (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated December 10, 2021) 

10.08 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated December 6, 2021 with Douglas R. Baum, CEO (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated December 10, 2021) 

10.09 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated December 6, 2021 with Christopher Nelson, General Counsel (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated December 10, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement for the Company s Executive Chairman dated November 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated November 14, 2022) 

10.11 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement for the Company s CEO dated November 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated November 14, 2022) 

10.12 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement for the Company s General Counsel dated November 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated November 14, 2022) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Common Stock Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated September 30, 2022) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated September 30, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 Independent
 Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K dated January 28, 2022) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics Policy (incorporated by reference to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1/A dated March 10, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

31.1 
 
 302 Certification of Douglas Baum, CEO 

31.2 
 
 302 Certification of Adam King, CFO 

32 
 
 906 Certification 

101 
 
 The
 following information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline
 XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii)
 the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (v)
 the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

QSAM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Douglas Baum 

Douglas
 Baum 

Director
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Adam
 King 

Adam King 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 C. Richard Piazza 

C.
 Richard Piazza 

Executive
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Douglas
 Baum 

Douglas
 Baum 

Director
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By : 
 /s/ Charles
 J. Link Jr. 

Charles J. Link Jr. 

Director 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By : 
 /s/ Adriann
 Sax 

Adriann Sax 

Director 

59 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of QSAM Biosciences, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of QSAM Biosciences, Inc (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows
for the years then ended and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt Regarding Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses, has incurred negative cash flows from
operations and has an accumulated deficit. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits include performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s
 auditor since 2019. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 1 

QSAM
BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Accrued Series B preferred stock dividends 

Notes payable, net of discount 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable - related parties 

Debentures 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Notes payable, net of discount 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock - Series A; par value, designated Series A, and shares issued and outstanding (liquidation preference of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, Series B, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (liquidation preference of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock, Series E-1, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Unearned deferred compensation 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

QSAM
BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 
 - 
 - 

Operating Expenses 

Compensation and related expenses 

Professional Fees 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income (Expense) from operations 

Financing costs including interest 

Gain on sale of equity method investment 
 - 

Loss on conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest 
 - 

Gain on conversion of convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on debentures and accrued expenses converted to common stock 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of debt from Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Total Other Expenses, net 

Loss from operations before income taxes 

Income Taxes 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS 

PREFERRED STOCK 

Series A convertible contractual dividends 

Series B convertible contractual dividends 

Deemed dividend Series B warrant modification 

Deemed dividends on Series A conversion to common stock 
 - 

Deemed dividends from Series A and B conversion price reduction 
 
 - 
 
 NET LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

NET LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS: BASIC AND DILUTED: 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

QSAM
BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Series
 E-1 Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid In 
 Deferred
 Stock-based 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Compensation 
 Subscription 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Adjustment
 to common stock to reconcile to transfer agent 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Compensation
 expense due to warrant modification 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of bridge notes and accrued interest to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of debentures and accrued expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series A preferred stock to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Exercise
 of Series B Warrants to common stock 

- 
 - 

Series
 B, preferred stock contractual dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Incremental
 value from warrant modifications 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair
 value allocation of warrants issued with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Series B, conversion of notes payable with directors to preferred stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Series B, preferred stock for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series B preferred stock to common stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 A, preferred stock contractual dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock and warrants issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation to employees and directors 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series E Preferred Stock to common stock 

Net
 loss year ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock issued for services, including a director 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Conversion
 of debentures and accrued expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Incremental
 value from warrant modifications 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividend from Series A conversion price adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividend from Series B conversion price adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Series
 A, preferred stock contractual dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 B, preferred stock contractual dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Accretion
 of stock-based compensation to employees and directors 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

40:1 Reverse Split Fractional Shares Adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 266 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of deferred employee compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

- 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

QSAM
BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operations: 

Stock-based compensation for services and warrant modification 

Stock-based compensation to employees and directors 

Loss on conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest 
 - 

Loss on conversion of debentures and accrued expenses to common stock 
 - 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Paid-in-kind interest - convertible bridge notes 
 - 

Gain on conversion of convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase accrued payroll and related expenses 

Increase in accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayments on promissory notes - related parties 
 - 

Deferred offering costs 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from conversion of warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock - Series B 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH - Beginning of year 

CASH - End of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES: 

Payment of interest in cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 Payment of income taxes 
 - 
 - 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accrual of contractual dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock 

Accrual of contractual dividends on Series B convertible preferred stock 

Fair value allocation of warrants issued with debt 
 - 

Deemed dividend on warrant modifications 

Deemed dividend on Series A conversion price modifications 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend on Series B conversion price modifications 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend on conversion of Series A 
 - 

Conversion of convertible Bridge Notes and accrued interest
to 
 shares of common stock 
 - 

Conversion of debentures and accrued expenses to common stock 

Conversion of accrued salary and bonus to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of convertible debt and accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Series A preferred stock to common stock 
 - 

Conversion of notes payable with related parties to Series B preferred stock and warrants 
 - 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

QSAM
BIOSCIENCES INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and currently holds no ownership in EPH. 

In
April 2020, the Company established QSAM Therapeutics Inc. QSAM as a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in the state
of Texas, and through QSAM, executed a Patent and Technology License Agreement and Trademark Assignment (the License Agreement with IGL Pharma, Inc. IGL ). The License Agreement, as amended in November 2021, provides QSAM with exclusive, worldwide
and sub-licensable rights to all of IGL s patents, product data and knowhow with respect to Samaium-153 DOTMP aka CycloSam 
 (the Technology ), a clinical stage novel radiopharmaceutical meant to treat different types of bone cancer and related
diseases. 

In
connection with the divestiture of the Legacy Business, the Company changed its name to QSAM Biosciences Inc. on September 4, 2020, and
subsequently changed its stock symbol to QSAM, to better reflect its business moving forward. 

. All shares and share prices set forth in this report
have been adjusted to account for this reverse stock split as if it had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

The
recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) is impacting worldwide economic activity. COVID-19 poses the risk that we or our
employees and our other partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due
to the spread of the disease or shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. While it is not possible at
this time to estimate the full impact that COVID-19 could have on our business, the continued spread of COVID-19 could disrupt our research
and development of CycloSam and other related activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. In addition, a severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to the business. While
we have not yet experienced any material disruptions in our business or other material negative consequences relating to COVID-19, the
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be
predicted. 

and incurred a loss from its operations of .
As of December 31, 2022, the Company s accumulated deficit is .
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has negative working capital of 
and cash of . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock was in default as of December 31, 2022, but the holders
of the Series A stock have agreed to stay any action pursuant to a conditional conversion agreement until the end of March 2023, and
management is in discussions with these holders to extend those agreements. 

The
Company has supported operations through the issuance of common stock, preferred stock and debt over the last 12 months. This includes
the current million common stock and warrant offering, of which has been raised as of December 31, 2022; the million
Series B preferred stock offering in the first quarter of 2021; the exercise in late 2021 of approximately in warrants issued
in connection with the Series B offering; and a convertible debt offering in the amount of conducted in the fourth quarter of
2021. With respect to the convertible notes, they are convertible into common stock prior to the maturity date of December 31, 2023,
or automatically upon the Company completing a qualified offering in the amount of million or uplisting its common shares to NASDAQ;
and bear interest at the rate of per annum, with all interest and principal due at maturity, unless earlier converted. See Note 6 for further discussion. 

Management
expects expenses to increase in 2023 as our drug technology continues clinical trials, and as a result, we will need to raise additional
capital to support these operations. Management believes that it can do so through equity raises in 2023. If the Company is not successful
in raising additional capital, it may need to delay clinical trials, reduce overhead, or in the most extreme scenario, shut down operations. 

There
is no guarantee whether the Company will be able to generate revenue and/or raise capital sufficient to support its operations.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on management s plans which include implementation of its
business model to develop and commercialize its drug candidate, seek strategic partnerships to advance clinical trials and other research
endeavors which could provide additional capital to the Company, and continue to raise funds for the Company through equity or debt offerings.
There is no assurance, however, that the Company will be successful in raising the needed capital and, if funding is available, that
it will be available on terms acceptable to the Company. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

revenue in 2022 and 2021 from operations. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and are a result of the Company s activities to commence clinical trials of its drug Technology, as secured by the Company under
a License Agreement executed in the second quarter of 2020. Research and development costs were for the year ended December
31, 2021, and are also a result of the License Agreement as well as expenses incurred on the Technology prior to the signing of the License
Agreement (see Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies). 

. 

In
the event that an uncertain tax position exists in which the Company could incur income taxes, the Company would evaluate whether there
is a probability that the uncertain tax position taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. Reserves for uncertain
tax positions would be recorded if the Company determined it is probable that a position would not be sustained upon examination or if
payment would have to be made to a taxing authority and the amount is reasonably estimated. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does
not believe it has any uncertain tax positions that would result in the Company having a liability to the taxing authorities. 

conversion price) 

Shares from common stock options 

Shares from common stock warrants 

Shares from conversion of convertible notes inclusive of accrued interest conversion price) 

Shares from the conversion of Series A Preferred stock (calculated from liquidation value and assumed conversion price at December 31, 2022 of per share) 

As
of December 31, 2021, there were the following potentially dilutive securities that were excluded from diluted net loss per share because
their effect would be anti-dilutive: 

Shares from the conversion of Series B Preferred Stock not inclusive of accrued dividends 

Shares from common stock options 

Shares from common stock warrants 

Shares from conversion of convertible notes not inclusive of accrued interest 

Shares from the conversion of debentures 

Shares from the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock (calculated from liquidation value and an assumed conversion price at December 31, 2021 of per share) 

revenue from its operations for the year periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

for a Class B limited liability membership interest in EPH and recorded this transaction
as an equity method investment due to the Company s ability to exercise significant influence over EPH. The carrying value of the
investment at December 31, 2020 was zero due to continued losses incurred by EPH. In the first quarter of 2021, the Company sold this
equity interest to an unrelated third party for . There were no distributions received from the equity method investment in 2022
or 2021. 

Christopher
Nelson, General Counsel of the Company, also serves as General Counsel and Secretary of EPH. See Note 5 Related Party Transactions
for transactions with our equity method investment during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of the Company to IGL Pharma, Inc (see Note 7). The associated expense of 
was recorded in Professional Fees. Under the License Agreement, the Company incurred research and development related expenses of during the
year ended December 31 2022 which have been included in research and development expenses on the consolidated financial statements and
reimbursed IGL for direct expenses totaling . As of December 31, 2022, amounts outstanding due IGL Pharma, Inc, for their services
amounted to . 

The
Company currently maintains an executive office in Florida, which is leased by an investment firm in which the Company s General
Counsel serves as an officer but does not hold any equity or voting rights. The Company has no formal agreement for this space and pays
no rent. 

In
2021, the Company paid to EPH arising from notes payable and accrued interest which was included in notes payable-related parties
in prior periods in the consolidated balance sheet. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received of proceeds from short-term notes payable with officers and directors
of the Company bearing interest at . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, of principal remains outstanding on certain of these
short-term notes payable. During 2021, of these short-term notes payable were converted into shares of the Company s
Series B preferred stock at a conversion ratio of per share and warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise
price of per share, which resulted in no gain or loss on conversion (see Note 7). 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, in legal fees with a law firm in
which the Company s former Director and audit committee chair (resigned from the Board in February 2021) is a partner. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, accounts payable and accrued expenses include and for legal fees due to the law firm for services,
respectively. 

and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the first quarter of 2021, the two institutional holders of
the debentures converted an aggregate of into shares of common stock, and the Company recognized a loss on the two debenture
conversions of which is included in loss on debentures and accrued expenses converted to common stock on the consolidated statements
of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding amount of was in default. On February 22, 2022, the holder of the debenture
converted the full balance of into shares of common stock at per share, and the balance as of December 31, 2022 on
the convertible debenture is currently . 

Convertible
Bridge Notes 

In
prior years, the Company issued a total of in a convertible promissory note (the Bridge Notes offering, which
included three of the Company s directors converting and one shareholder converting of prior notes and cash advances,
including interest thereon, into the offering. In 2020, million of the Bridge Notes, inclusive of principal and accrued and capitalized
interest, was converted into shares of common stock at per share. As of March 31, 2021, all remaining Bridge Notes inclusive
of principal and accrued and capitalized interest, were settled with the holders of these notes converting their debt into a total of
 shares of common stock of the Company with a fair value of based on the stock price of the Company on the date of
conversion. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of these Bridge Notes of for the year ended December 31, 2021, which
is included in loss on conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest, as other income expenses in the statements of operations. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes 

In
the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company issued a total of in convertible notes payable. The convertible notes mature on , and include a simple interest rate per annum payable upon maturity. The notes are convertible, at the option of the holder,
any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of . Each of the convertible notes have an automatic conversion feature in the
event that the Company completes an equity offering resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of at least or lists its equity
securities on NASDAQ or NYSE. In the fourth quarter of 2022, two note holders converted of principal and interest on their notes
into shares of common stock, at a reduced conversion price approved by the Board of . In addition to the notes payable, each
holder received a warrant for the purchase of shares of common stock with a purchase price of , which expired in 2022. In accordance
with accounting standards, the warrants were valued using a Black Scholes Model and the relative fair value of the warrant was applied
against the convertible note for a debt discount of . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded
interest expense related to the amortization of the discount of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized
debt discount was and , respectively, and the convertible liability balance, net of a discount was and . 

Paycheck
Protection Program 

On
April 14, 2020, the Company received under the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) overseen by the U.S. Small Business Administration.
The loan has an annual interest rate of with loan payments being deferred six months from the date of the loan with a maturity date
of . On July 14, 2021, the Company s PPP loan was forgiven, resulting in gain on forgiveness of debt which is
included as other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of Series A Stock issued and outstanding. The outstanding shares of Series A Stock are currently convertible at 
per share of the Company s common stock (the Conversion Price ), which was reduced in 2022 pursuant to a price
protection provision included in the Series A Certificate of Designation Series A Designation as the Company began
selling common stock and a warrant in an offering at 
(see below). The Series A Designation requires an adjustment to the conversion price if a subsequent equity sale occurs at a price
below the conversion rate. The Company recorded a deemed dividend within stockholders equity associated with the reduction in
conversion price from 
to 
of 
based on the incremental value to the Series A holders due to the conversion price reduction. This incremental value has also been
presented on the consolidated statement of operations as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders. The
incremental value was determined by computing the additional shares the Series A holders would receive based on the conversion price
reduction multiplied by the estimated fair value of common stock of ,
based on the sale of common stock in a recent offering. 

The Series A Stock has no voting rights until converted to common stock and
has a liquidation preference equal to the aggregate purchase price of 
plus accrued dividends. The Series A Stock was in default as of December 31, 2022, but the holders of the Series A stock have agreed
to stay any action pursuant to a conditional conversion agreement until the end of March 2023, and management is in discussions with
these holders to extend those agreements. Each share of Series A Stock received warrants, all of which had expired as of the first
quarter of 2021. 

The
Series A Stock has price protection provisions in the case that the Company issues any shares of stock not pursuant to an Exempt
Issuance at a price below the Conversion Price. This price protection provision was triggered on September 30, 2022 when the
Company sold common stock and a warrant for . Exempt Issuances include: (i) shares of common stock or common stock equivalents issued
pursuant to the original merger of the company or any funding contemplated by that transaction; (ii) any common stock or convertible
securities outstanding as of the date of closing; (iii) common stock or common stock equivalents issued in connection with strategic
acquisitions; (iv) shares of common stock or equivalents issued to employees, directors or consultants pursuant to a plan, subject to
limitations in amount and price; and (v) other similar transactions. The Certificate of Designation contains restrictive covenants not
to incur certain debt, repurchase shares of common stock, pay dividends or enter into certain transactions with affiliates without consent
of holders of of the Series A Stock. 

Management
has determined that the Series A Stock is more akin to a debt security than equity primarily because it contains a mandatory -year redemption
at the option of the holder, which only occurs if the Series A Stock is not converted to common stock. Therefore, management has presented
the Series A Stock outside of permanent equity as mezzanine equity, which resides between liabilities and equity. 

The
Series A Stock carries a 
per annum dividend calculated on the stated value of the stock and is cumulative and payable quarterly beginning July 1, 2016. These
dividends are accrued at each reporting period and are added to the redemption value of the stock; however, since the Company as an accumulated
deficit, the charge has been recognized in additional paid-in capital. The accrued dividends are 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the stated value of the Series A and the accrued dividends was and which has
been presented as mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheets, which resides between liabilities and stockholders equity. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Stock 

In
December 2020, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to authorize the issuance of up to shares
of Series B Stock, par value per
share, pursuant to a Certificate of Designation. The Series B Stock provides the holders a annual
paid-in-kind dividend, a liquidation preference equal to the purchase price of the shares per
share) followed by the right to participate with the common stockholders in the instance of a liquidation or other exit event, and
provide the holders the right to vote along with the common holders based on the common conversion amount of their holdings. 
In January 2021, the Company closed a private offering of its Series B Stock for 
per share, raising a total of ,
inclusive of 
in prior debt conversion and 
of notes payable with directors converted to shares of Series B Stock and warrants. Between July 27 and August 24, 2021, 15 holders
of an aggregate of 
shares of Series B Stock converted their preferred shares into 
shares of common stock, which included 
of accrued dividends. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
shares of Series B Stock were issued and outstanding. The accrued dividends are 
and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are presented on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Series B Stock was originally convertible into common stock at a ratio of per
share, subject to anti-dilution protections in the case of certain issuances of securities below that conversion price, and as a
result of this price protection, the ratio was reduced to reduced to 
per share based on the Series B Certificate of Designation Series B Designation which define the adjustment to the
conversion ratio and incremental shares when the Company issues common stock at a price below the conversion ratio. Based on the
Series B Designation, the conversion ratio was reduced to .
The Company recorded a deemed dividend within stockholders equity associated with the reduction in conversion price from
 
to 
of 
based on the incremental value to the Series B holders due to the conversion price reduction. This incremental value has also been
presented on the consolidated statement of operations as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders. The
incremental value was determined by computing the additional shares the Series B holders would receive based on the conversion price
reduction multiplied by the estimated fair value of common stock of ,
based on the sale of common stock in a recent offering . 

With respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company recognized the incremental value associated with the downround of the conversion
price due to the issuance of common stock at a lower price than Series B conversion price and associated adjustment of convertible shares
as a deemed dividend charge of within stockholders equity and as a reduction of net loss available to common stockholders
on the consolidated statement of operations in 2022. The incremental value associated with the Series B Preferred stock was determined
using an adjusted conversion price of and an adjusted common stock conversion of shares. 

Series
E-1 Preferred Stock Series E-1 Stock 

On
December 3, 2020, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to authorize the issuance of up to shares of
Series E-1 Stock pursuant to a Certificate of Designation. The shares of Series E-1 Stock are incentive-based, vesting and forfeitable
securities that provide the holders the right in the aggregate to receive an earnout equal to 20 of the total consideration
received by the Company in the instance of a sale or sub-license of its core licensed radiopharmaceutical technology, or sale or merger
of the Company, which is paid on a priority, senior basis. In addition, the holders of the Series E-1 Stock can convert their vested
preferred stock at anytime or after an event resulting in an earnout payment, such as an acquisition of the Company, into an aggregate
of million common shares. The holders of the Series E-1 Stock have the right to vote along with the common stockholders based on
the common conversion amount of their holdings, and have the right to nominate two members of the Board of Directors. 

On
December 30, 2020, shares of Series E-1 Stock were issued to five individuals, including the Company s Executive Chairman,
CEO and General Counsel which vest starting in July 2021 through January 2023 and are forfeitable by the holders prior to vesting. In
February 2021, the remaining shares of Series E-1 Stock were issued to one newly-appointed director, vesting half in February 2022
and the balance in February 2023. 

The
Company computed the total grant date fair value of the Series E-1 Stock to be approximately using an option pricing model
and the following assumptions: (1) with respect to the shares granted in 2020: expected term of , dividend yield of - - , volatility
of , and a risk-free rate of ; and (2) with respect to the shares granted in 2021: expected term of , dividend yield
of 0 , volatility of , and a risk-free rate of . 

On
December 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Exchange Agreement with
all E-1 Stockholders pursuant to which all shares of Series E-1 Stock were exchanged into an aggregate of shares of common stock
of the Company. The fair value of the Series E-1 Stock was determined to be approximately million at the time of exchange, and
was based upon a valuation report provided to the Board by an independent third party expert, and approved for fairness by the independent
chairman of the Compensation Committee. The common stock issued in the exchange was based on a value of per share using a 30-day
weighted average closing price calculation, and was issued proportionately to each holder based on their individual holdings of Series
E-1 Stock. All shares of common stock issued to the shareholders are subject to the same vesting schedules as was originally provided
in each shareholder s Series E-1 Stock issuance agreement, meaning that such shares of common stock are forfeitable if certain
conditions of employment are not met by the holders. As of December 31, 2022, approximately common shares are fully vested and
approximately common shares are unvested, but have fully vested as of February 2023. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation to employees and directors totaling ,
and , respectively related to the Series E-1 Stock, which is included in compensation and related expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, approximately of unrecognized compensation remains which will be recognized
by February 1, 2023. 

Common
Stock 

In
2022, the Company effected a and all share numbers herein have been adjusted for that change. 

and shares of common stock, respectively, as follows: 

SCHEDULE OF
ISSUED SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Adjustment for 40:1 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest to common stock 
 - 

Conversion of debentures 

Conversion of accrued salary to management 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Series A Stock to common stock 
 - 

Conversion of Series B Stock to common stock 
 - 

Exercise of Series B Warrants to common stock 
 - 

Exchange of Series E-1 Stock to common stock 
 - 

Conversion of convertible debt to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock for cash 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation for services 

Total Common Shares issued 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with of debentures that were
converted at a price of per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock in connection with conversion of management salaries that were deferred totaling .
The salary was converted at a price of per
share based on a weighted average of the market price of common stock and the offering price of common stock of sold
during 2022 (see below). The fair value of the shares issued upon settlement was equal to the amount owed for the management
salaries; thefore, no gain or loss was recorded on the settlement and the accrued salaries were reclassed to stockholders 
equity. The shares of common stock issued in the settlement are restricted and shall be subject to forfeiture as follows:
until such time that the Company successfully closes 5 million in a single fundraising (the Trigger Event ), which may
be completed in one or more closings over a period of 90 days, the shares of common stock may not be sold, transferred or otherwise
disposed of by the holder. Upon the occurrence of the Trigger Event, the shares shall be fully vested. If the Trigger Event does not
occur within 36 months of November 14, 2022, the shares of common stock shall be forfeited and returned to the Company. The shares
issued with the settlement agreements have been presented as issued and outstanding on the statement of stockholders equity
as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock in connection with conversion
of convertible notes in the amount of 
 that were converted at a 
 price per share. The Company recorded a gain
on the conversion of the debt to equity of 
 which was recorded in other income and expense.
The gain was calculated by the difference between the total of the principal and accrued interest outstanding the estimated fair value
of the shares issued upon conversion of based on a weighted average of the market price of common stock and the offering price
of common stock of sold during 2022 (see below). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock in connection with its common stock private placement which included a unit which consisted of one share of
common stock and one common stock warrant at a price per unit of .
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received cash proceeds of 
from the sale of units. The common stock sold in the unit was determined to have an estimated fair value of based on the fair value of one warrant of 
which was determing using a Black-scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: exercise price , expected term of years,
volatility of , dividend rate of , and discount rate of . The implied stock price of was then determined based on the
 offering price for one unit. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for services with an estimated fair value of 
based on the market price of stock or estimated value of a common stock shares sold in the private placement offering (see above) on
the date of issuance. The shares are recognized as expense over the related service period. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company recognized 
of stock-based compensation of which 
has been reflected in professional fees and 
reflected in compensation and related expenses for shares issued to a former director and audit committee chair of the Company for
such services. As of December 31, 2022, unearned deferred compensation related to these shares issued for services to be provided
through May 2023 was . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of Series B Stock
with an original investment amount of plus in accrued dividends at the original stated conversion rate of . The
Company also issued shares of common stock to service providers during the period. The fair market value of the common stock was
 which was recorded as stock compensation expense under Professional fees. 

As
of December 31, 2021, of debentures and accrued expenses plus bridge notes with principal and accrued interest of 
for an aggregate of of obligations were converted into a total of shares of common stock at a price of per share.
Further, of Series A Stock was converted into shares of common stock at a price of per share. Due to the timing
of the conversions and the Company s stock price at that time of conversion, the Company recorded the following losses from liability
conversions in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021: from the conversion of Bridge Notes including accrued interest, and
 from the conversion of a debenture and accrued expenses. A deemed dividend was recognized in the amount of for the
difference between the value of the common shares using market price on the date of conversion and the stated value of the Series
A Stock upon conversion into common stock which has been presented as an increase to the net loss available to common stockholders in
the consolidated statement of operations. Further, on December 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
(the Exchange Agreement with all E-1 Stockholders pursuant to which all shares of Series E-1 Stock were exchanged into
an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company. As part of the exchange, the Company recognized stock-based compensation
to employees and directors totaling related to the Series E-1 Stock, which is included in compensation and related expenses
on the consolidated statements of operations. Further, on October 15, 2021, of the Series B Warrants were exercised for proceeds
to the Company of , and the remaining Series B Warrants and the Service Warrants expired. 

Warrants 

In
2022, the Company effected a and all warrant numbers herein have been adjusted for that change. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants in connection with its private placement offering (the Common
Stock Warrants ). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants in connection with its Series B Stock offering (the Series
B Warrants ), warrants to a service provider (the Service Warrants ), and warrants in connection with
its convertible note offering (the Note Warrants ). 

The
terms of the Series B Warrants and Service Warrants were modified twice in 2021 by resolution of the Company s board of directors,
first to extend the termination date from July 8, 2021 to September 30, 2021 and then to extend the termination date to October 15, 2021.
As part of the second modification, the exercise price of the Series B Warrants was reduced from per share to per share.
As of October 15, 2021, of the Series B Warrants were exercised for proceeds to the Company of , and the remaining Series
B Warrants and the Service Warrants expired with the exception of for one warrant holder that expired in . 

- 
 
 Issued 

- 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 
 Expired 

- 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Issued 

- 
 
 Expired 

- 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants is the difference between the fair market value of the Company s closing price of its
common stock at each reporting date, less the exercise price multiplied by the number of warrants outstanding, which was at December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Warrants issued in connection with common stock 

Total Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

With
respect to the Series B Warrants, the Company recognized the incremental value associated with the two modifications for term extension
and exercise price reduction as a deemed dividend charge of within stockholders equity and as an increase of net loss
available to common stockholders on the consolidated statement of operations in 2021. The incremental value associated with these warrant
modifications was determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model using the original terms of the warrants and the modified terms and
the following assumptions: expected term of - years, dividend yield of , volatility of - , and a risk-free rate of - . 

With
respect to the Series B Warrants, the Company recognized the incremental value associated with the two modifications for term extension
and exercise price reduction as a deemed dividend charge of within stockholders equity and as a reduction of net loss
available to common stockholders on the consolidated statement of operations in 2022. The incremental value associated with these warrant
modifications was determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model using the original terms of the warrants and the modified terms and
the following assumptions: expected term of years, dividend yield of , volatility of , and a risk-free rate of . 

With
respect to the Service Warrants, the Company computed the total grant date fair value of the warrants to be approximately using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: expected term of years, dividend yield of - -, volatility of
 , and a risk-free rate of . The value of these warrants was recognized as stock-based compensation expense on the date of
grant and is included in professional fees on the consolidated statement of operations for year ended December 31, 2021, as the warrants
were fully earned upon issuance. On June 17, 2021 and September 22, 2021, the term of these warrants was extended, resulting in incremental
compensation expense of that has been included in professional fees on the consolidated statement of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The incremental value associated with these modified warrants was determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model
using the original terms of the warrants and the modified terms and the following assumptions: expected term of years,
dividend yield of , volatility of - , and a risk-free rate of - . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 service warrants outstanding as they were fully expired as of December 31, 2021. 

With
respect to the Note Warrants, the Company computed the total grant dates fair value of the warrants to be using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model and the following assumptions: expected term of years, dividend yield of , volatility of to 
and a risk-free rate of to . The value of these warrants was recorded against the convertible notes as a debt discount using
the relative fair value method and included in additional paid- in capital. 

With
respect to the Common Stock Warrants, the Company computed the total grant date fair value of the warrants to be using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model and the following assumptions: expected term of years, dividend yield of , volatility of and a risk-free
rate of The value of these warrants was recorded using the relative fair value method and included in additional paid- in capital. 

shares of common stock, stock options, stock rights (restricted
stock units), or stock appreciation rights to be granted by the Board in its discretion. This authorized amount was increased multiple
times by Board resolution, most recently to shares on January 13, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there are 25,000 shares available
under the 2016 Plan for future issuance; however, the Board may increase the authorized shares under the 2016 Plan each year to an amount
equal to of the total issued and outstanding common shares of the Company or such other amount in its reasonable discretion. The Board
has indicated that they intend to increase the authorized shares under the 2016 Plan in 2023. 

The
Company issued stock options to purchase common stock to officers and directors of the Company during 2022. These options have
a year term. The options have the following vesting schedules: 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

The
Company recorded and of stock-based compensation expense which is included in compensation and related expenses for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of options is the difference between the fair market value of the Company s closing price of its common
stock at each reporting date, less the exercise price multiplied by the number of options granted, which was at December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation of which is expected to be expensed through March 2024
based on the option vesting requirements. The weighted average fair value of options granted was per share for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

We
estimate the fair value of stock-based awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the fair market
value of our common stock on the date of grant and a number of other assumptions. These assumptions include estimates regarding the expected
term of the awards, estimates of the stock volatility over a duration that approximates the expected term of the awards, estimates of
the risk-free rate, and estimates of expected dividend rates. 

Expected volatility 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

percent to the loss before taxes) is as follows: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of liabilities 

Other permanent differences 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Total
 income tax expenses 
 - 
 - 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

Section 174 R D expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Charitable contribution 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax asset 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net deferred tax assets of and 
 principally arising from net operating loss carry-forwards for income tax purposes NOLs ). As management
of the Company cannot determine that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of the net deferred tax asset,
a valuation allowance equal to the net deferred tax asset has been established at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022, the
Company has net operating loss carry forwards totaling approximately .
The potential tax benefit arising from NOLs generated of approximately 
 prior to 2018 effective date will begin to expire in 2034. The potential tax benefit arising from the net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately 
 generated after 2018 can be carried forward indefinitely within the annual usage limitations. The Company is in compliance with
filling its federal tax returns through December 31, 2021. 

The
Company s U.S. federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to tax examinations for the tax years ended December 31,
2019 through December 31, 2021. There are currently no pending income tax examinations. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards,
the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax
authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to income
taxes as part of its income tax provision. 

The
Company s NOL and tax credit carryovers may be significantly limited under the Internal Revenue Code IRC ). NOL and
tax credit carryovers are limited under Section 382 when there is a significant ownership change as defined in the IRC.
During the year ended December 31, 2022 and in prior years, the Company may have experienced such ownership changes, which could impose
such limitations. 

The
limitations imposed by the IRC would place an annual limitation on the amount of NOL and tax credit carryovers that can be utilized.
When the Company completes the necessary studies, the amount of NOL carryovers available may be reduced significantly. However, since
the valuation allowance fully reserves for all available carryovers, the effect of the reduction would be offset by a reduction in the
valuation allowance. 

. 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the accrued salary for the management team was and . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into settlement agreements with four employees of the Company who had accrued salaries
at time of settlement of .
Pursuant to the settlement agreements, the accrued salaries were settled with shares of common stock with an estimated fair value of
 and cash payments of ,
of which 
 remains unpaid and has been accrued as of December
31, 2022. The Company issued 
 shares of common stock in connection with conversion
of management salaries. The salary was converted at a price of 
 per share. 

The
shares of common stock issued in the settlement are restricted and shall be subject to forfeiture as follows: until such time that the
Company successfully closes million in a single fundraising (the Trigger Event ), which may be completed in one or more
closings over a period of 90 days, the shares of common stock may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the holder. Upon
the occurrence of the Trigger Event, the shares shall be fully vested. If the Trigger Event does not occur within 36 months of November
14, 2022, the shares of common stock shall be forfeited and returned to the Company. The shares issued with the settlement agreements
have been presented as issued and outstanding on the statement of stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022. 

Board
of Director Agreements 

In
January 2022, Adriann Sax was appointed as a Director to the Board of Director and awarded an annual retainer of per year with
an additional for serving as an Audit Committee member and an additional for serving as the Nominating Governance
Committee Chair. Ms. Sax has agreed to defer compensation for serving as a Director until the completion of the next fundraising round.
As such, the Company has accrued the director compensation for Ms. Sax monthly with a total accrued balance of 43,542 as of December
31, 2022. 

In
February 2022, Charles J. Link, Jr. was appointed as a Director to the Board of Director and awarded an annual retainer of per
year with an additional for serving as an Audit Committee member and an additional for serving as the Compensation Committee
Chair, and 3,500 for serving as a member of the Nominating Committee. Dr. Link has agreed to defer compensation for serving as a Director
until the completion of the next fundraising round. As such, the Company has accrued the director compensation for Dr. Link monthly with
a total accrued balance of 51,333 as of December 31, 2022. 

License
Agreement 

The
License Agreement for the Technology, as amended, between the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary QSAM and IGL is for years or
until the expiration of the multiple patents covered under the license and requires multiple milestone-based payments including: up to
 as CycloSam advances through Phase 3 of clinical trials, and million upon commercialization. IGL has also
received shares of the Company s common stock as additional compensation. Upon commercialization, IGL will receive an on-going
royalty equal to of Net Sales, as defined in the License Agreement, and of any consideration we receive pursuant to a sublicense,
sale of the asset, or sale of the QSAM subsidiary. The Company will also pay for ongoing patent filing and maintenance fees, and has
certain requirements to defend the patents against infringement claims. 

In
connection with the License Agreement, QSAM signed a two-year Consulting and Confidentiality Agreement (the Consulting Agreement with IGL, which provides IGL with payments of 
 per month starting 60 days after signing through
April 2022. The Consulting Agreement is to provide QSAM with additional consulting and advisory services from the Technology s
founders to assist in the clinical development of CycloSam. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid 
 in expense reimbursements required under the
agreement. The drug development costs to IGL including the fixed 
 monthly consulting fee, which has been reflected
as research and development expense on the consolidated statements of operations was 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, of these costs remained outstanding and included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. 

On July 1, 2022, QSAM signed a
new work order under the Master Services Agreement dated August 31, 2020 with IsoTherapeutics Group, Inc.( ISO ), a company
that has common ownership control with IGL. The new work order with ISO is a 8,500 per month consulting contract to utilize the knowledge
and expertise of Drs. Keith Frank and Jim Simon, primary scientists and owners in ISO and IGL, and to provide scientific and manufacturing
consulting support with the clinical trials as they progress through each phase. The work order is a 2 year term with a 15 day cancellation
notice and the Company is only obligated for fees incurred for services performed to date under the work order. 

common stock warrants that may be exercised at per share at any time
prior to January 15, 2025. 

In
the first quarter of 2023, the Company completed an additional 
 in investments under its common stock and warrant
private placement, with an additional 
 shares of common stock and 
 common stock warrants issued to these accredited
investors. The shares of common stock and common stock warrant were offered at .
The warrants are exercisable for a period of two-years
 at a 
 exercise price. 

F- 20 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

QSAM
Therapeutics, Inc., a Texas corporation 

 Q2Power
Corp., a Delaware corporation (inactive) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Douglas Baum, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of QSAM Biosciences Inc. for the year ending December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Douglas Baum 

Douglas Baum 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Adam King, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of QSAM Biosciences Inc. for the year ending December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Adam King 

Adam King 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for QSAM Biosciences Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Douglas Baum, Chief Executive
Officer and Adam King, Chief Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Douglas Baum 

Douglas Baum 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Adam
 King 

Adam King 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 qsam-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 qsam-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 qsam-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 qsam-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

