<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1293310_0001214659-23-004512.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5098357</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>401778</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1473172</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>962128</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1103555</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1035243</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004512.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330172435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004512
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUMANIGEN, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001293310
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				770557236
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35798
		FILM NUMBER:		23781864

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		830 MORRIS TURNPIKE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SHORT HILLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07078
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(973) 200-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		830 MORRIS TURNPIKE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SHORT HILLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07078

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KALOBIOS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004512.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 hgen-20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

HUMANIGEN, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held
by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, was approximately based on the closing price of 1.77 of the Common Stock of the registrant
as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on such date. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each
other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the Registrant have been excluded from this computation. The determination of affiliate
status for this purpose is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 16, 2023, there were 
shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Information pertaining to Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference
to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders or, if not filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022, as
an amended report on Form 10-K/A filed in the same time period. 

Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms
 Humanigen, we, us and our refer to Humanigen, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries.
This report also may include trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. All trademarks, service marks and
trade names included in this report are the property of their respective owners. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains statements that discuss future events or expectations, projections of results of operations or financial condition, trends
in our business, business prospects and strategies and other forward-looking information. In some cases, you can identify
 forward-looking statements by words like may, will, should, expects, 
 plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, intends, 
 potential, alignment or continue or the negative of those words and other comparable words.
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. These forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, our expectations
regarding: the scope, progress, timing, expansion, and costs of researching, developing and commercializing our product candidates; our
expectations relating to regulatory pathways to marketing authorization and the opportunity to benefit from various regulatory incentives;
expectations for our financial results, revenue, operating expenses and other financial measures in future periods; the adequacy of our
sources of liquidity to satisfy our working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements; and our exploration
of strategic alternatives. Some additional factors that could cause actual results to differ include: 

our ability to attain the significant amount of additional financing we need to continue as a going concern
 on favorable terms or at all, and the availability of future financing; 

our ability to complete the proposed business combination and related financing transactions described under
 Item 1. Business Overview , or to identify and execute upon another strategic transaction or alternative to
 maximize value for our stakeholders; 

our ability to successfully appeal a determination from the Nasdaq Capital Market to delist our common stock
 and to gain additional time to regain compliance with the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, each of which
 is in the sole discretion of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel and will be considered at a hearing currently scheduled for April 6, 2023, as previously
 disclosed; 

our ability to regain and maintain compliance with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market during
 any extension period that may be granted by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel in its discretion, or otherwise; 

the outcome of pending, threatened or future litigation or arbitration; 

our ability to resolve pending or threatened litigation regarding payment disputes with certain Contract Manufacturing
 Organizations CMOs and other parties, and our ability to defer payments, negotiate lower amounts or successfully pursue
 other courses of action for certain amounts accrued at December 31, 2022; 

our ability to successfully execute the strategic realignment of our pipeline and resources; 

the timing of the initiation, enrollment and completion and results of ongoing or planned clinical trials; 

our ability to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates, including
 our ability to do so after our competitors have developed and commercialized competing products or alternative therapies; 

the ability of partners to initiate and conduct the PREACH-M and RATinG studies (as
 described below) of lenzilumab in chronic myelomonocytic leukemia CMML and in patients with acute Graft versus Host Disease
 aGvHD ), respectively, as currently planned; 

our ability to assess and support further clinical assessment of lenzilumab as a companion
 therapy with commercially available chimeric antigen receptor T-cell CAR-T therapies in non-Hodgkin lymphoma through an
 investigator-initiated trial IIT 

increasing levels of market acceptance of CAR-T therapies and stem cell transplants and the development of
 a market for lenzilumab in these therapies; 

our ability to maintain licenses with third parties; 

our ability to attain market exclusivity and/or to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual
 property and to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating, the intellectual property rights of
 others; 

our ability to achieve collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements for lenzilumab; 

acquisitions or in-licensing or out-licensing transactions that we may pursue may fail to perform as expected; 

changes in the regulatory landscape that may prevent us from pursuing or realizing any of the expected benefits
 from the various regulatory incentives, or the imposition of regulations that affect our products; and 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional
 financing. 

These are only some of the
factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a discussion identifying additional
important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. You should review these risk factors for a more complete understanding of the risks associated with an investment in our securities.
However, we operate in a competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks and uncertainties emerge, are identified or become
apparent from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should be aware that the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are based on our current views and assumptions. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect new information
or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Humanigen, Inc. 

Form 10-K 

Index 

Page 

Summary of Principal Risk Factors 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 22 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 51 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 51 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 51 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 51 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 52 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 52 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 53 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 64 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 64 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 64 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 64 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 65 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 65 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 66 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 66 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 66 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 66 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 66 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 67 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 70 

Signatures 
 
 70 

2 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS 

This summary briefly states the
principal risks and uncertainties facing our business that could affect our common stock, which are only a select portion of those risks.
A more complete statement of those risks and uncertainties is set forth in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of this report.
This summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete statement. You should carefully read the entire statement and Risk
Factors when considering the risks and uncertainties as part of your evaluation of an investment in our common stock. 

We need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations and, if we are unable to obtain such financing,
 we may be unable to continue to operate as a going concern. 

We have entered into a non-binding letter of intent and are involved in exclusive negotiations relating
 to a proposed business combination transaction as described in Item 1. Business Overview, but we cannot assure
 you that the proposed business combination and related financing transactions contemplated thereby will be consummated or, if such transactions
 are consummated, that they will yield value for our stockholders. If we are unable to complete the proposed business combination and related
 financing transactions described under Item 1. Business Overview, or to identify and complete another strategic
 or financing transaction in the first half of 2023, we may elect or be required to pursue a reorganization or seek other protection under
 the federal bankruptcy code. 

Public announcements or updates regarding any strategic transactions, financings or other strategic options
 and alternatives could result in volatility in the price of shares of our common stock and dramatic spikes in trading volume. 

The suspension and delisting of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market has been stayed during the
 pendency of our appeal before a Nasdaq Hearings Panel scheduled for April 6, 2023 and subsequent determination from the Nasdaq Hearings
 Panel as to the delisting of our common stock. There can be no assurance that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel will decide in our favor and provide
 additional time for us to regain compliance with the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If our appeal is
 denied, our common stock will be subject to immediate delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Even if our appeal before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel is successful, if we fail to regain and maintain compliance
 with the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market during any extension period that may be granted by the Nasdaq
 Hearings Panel in its discretion, our common stock will be subject to suspension from trading and delisting, which would adversely affect
 the liquidity of our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital or enter into strategic transactions. 

We may be required to complete a reverse stock split to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules and
 we cannot predict the effect that any reverse stock split will have on the market price for shares of our common stock. 

If our common stock has a closing bid price of 0.10 or less for any ten consecutive trading days our common
 stock may be subject to immediate delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Currently pending, threatened or future litigation, arbitration, governmental proceedings or inquiries could
 result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements, and adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Results from the Accelerating COVID-19 Therapeutic Interventions and Vaccines-5 ACTIV-5 and Big Effect Trial, in the B arm of the trial BET-B ), referred to as the ACTIV-5/BET-B trial, did not achieve
 statistical significance on the primary endpoint. As a result, in July 2022, we announced a strategic realignment of our pipeline and
 resources. Our forward-looking business operations are dependent on our ability to successfully execute our strategic realignment plan,
 raise additional capital and manage our liabilities in a way that permits us to continue as a going concern. If we are unsuccessful in
 accomplishing these objectives, we may elect or be required to seek bankruptcy protection. 

Our forward-looking business operations will depend on the success of lenzilumab as a therapy for CMML,
 aGvHD and other non-COVID-19 related indications, and our other product candidates, all of which are in the early stages of development.
 We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, any of our product candidates
 for these or any other indications. 

Our lead development programs for lenzilumab in CMML and aGvHD are several years from potential commercialization.
 We do not anticipate any cash flow from product revenues in the foreseeable future. 

In the event we pursue bankruptcy protection, we will be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated
 with such proceedings. In the event we are unable to pursue bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code
 (the Bankruptcy Code ), or, if pursued, successfully emerge from such proceedings, it may be necessary to pursue bankruptcy
 protection under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code for all or a part of our businesses. Given our lack of liquidity, it is reasonably likely
 that any such bankruptcy filing would result in a complete loss of value for holders of our common stock. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Raising additional funds by issuing securities may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict
 our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 

A significant portion of our total outstanding shares of common stock are, or may be, eligible to be sold
 into the market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business
 is doing well. 

We may experience delays in commencing or conducting our planned or contemplated clinical trials, which may
 render us unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Interim, top-line or preliminary data from our clinical trials that are announced may change as more patient
 data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. Disclosure
 of such data could result in volatility in the price of shares of our common stock and dramatic spikes in trading volume. 

We have a history of operating losses and we may never become profitable. 

The adoption of CAR-T therapies as the potential standard of care for treatment of certain cancers is uncertain,
 and dependent on the efforts of a limited number of market entrants, and if not adopted as anticipated, the market for lenzilumab in the
 context of a companion treatment alongside CAR-T therapies or next-generation gene-edited CAR-T therapies may be limited or not develop. 

Our business could target benefits from various regulatory incentives, such as orphan drug exclusivity,
 breakthrough therapy designation, fast track designation, priority review and conditional or provisional pathways, but we may not ultimately
 qualify for or benefit from these incentives. 

There is a limited amount of information about us upon which investors can evaluate our product candidates
 and business. 

If our current and any future collaborators cease development efforts under our collaboration agreements,
 or if any of those agreements are terminated, these collaborations may fail to lead to commercial products, and we may never receive milestone
 payments or future royalties under these agreements. 

We are subject to a multitude of manufacturing risks and rely completely on third parties to manufacture
 drug product and supply drug substance. We may not be able to obtain materials or supplies necessary to conduct clinical trials. 

Our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation, compliance with which is costly and time consuming,
 may cause unanticipated delays, and may prevent the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize our product candidates. 

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, developing our portfolio of proprietary Humaneered anti-inflammatory immunology
and immuno-oncology monoclonal antibodies. Our proprietary, patented Humaneered technology platform is a method for converting existing
antibodies (typically murine) into engineered, high-affinity human antibodies designed for therapeutic use, particularly with acute and
chronic conditions. We have developed or in-licensed targets or research antibodies, typically from academic institutions, and then applied
our Humaneered technology to optimize them. Our lead product candidate, lenzilumab, and our other product candidate, ifabotuzumab iFab ),
are Humaneered monoclonal antibodies. Our Humaneered antibodies are closer to human antibodies than chimeric or conventionally humanized
antibodies and have a high affinity for their target. In addition, we believe our Humaneered antibodies offer further important advantages,
such as high potency, a slow off-rate and a lower likelihood to induce an inappropriate immune response or infusion related reaction. 

Pursuant to our previously reported strategic
realignment plan, we are developing our lead product candidate, lenzilumab LENZ ). Lenzilumab is a monoclonal
antibody that has been demonstrated to neutralize human GM-CSF, a cytokine that we believe leads to the overproduction of monocytes which
are thought to be responsible for chronic myelomonocytic leukemia CMML ), a rare blood cancer and may be of critical importance
in acute graft versus host disease aGvHD associated with bone marrow transplants. Our
strategic realignment plans include accelerating the development of LENZ in CMML, for which the PREACH-M study is underway, and continuing
our plans for the RATinG study in aGvHD, as these studies are majority funded by our partners. A leading network of centers, The
Mayo Clinics, is currently progressing with an IIT of lenzilumab in combination with CAR-T therapies. We
are also developing iFab, an EpAh-3 targeted monoclonal antibody, currently in Phase 1 development, as part of an antibody drug conjugate ADC ), for certain solid tumors. 

Recent Developments 

Our current capital resources are not sufficient to fund our
operations for the remainder of 2023. Accordingly, as previously disclosed, we have been pursuing strategic alternatives and seeking to
raise additional capital and settle or otherwise resolve payment disputes and other ongoing arbitration and litigation. 

We have executed a non-binding letter of intent and are engaged
in exclusive negotiations relating to a proposed business combination with a privately held biopharmaceutical company (the Partner
Company ). The proposed terms for the business combination contemplate a tax-free stock-for-stock merger, as a result of which we
would issue shares of our capital stock to stockholders of the Partner Company which are expected to represent roughly two times the number
of our currently outstanding shares of common stock. 

We cannot assure you that we and the Partner Company will enter
into a definitive agreement for the proposed transaction, and the final form and terms of any such transaction may be materially different
from the terms described above. Our ability to enter into a definitive agreement is subject to conditions, including that we have received
binding commitments for investment of additional capital that will be necessary to fund the operations of the combined company going forward
and enable the combined company to maintain a listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national securities
exchange, as well as customary matters such as approval of the terms of the definitive agreement by the Partner Company s board
of directors and stockholders. Certain of these conditions will be out of our control. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that
we will effect the proposed business combination and related financing transactions. If we are unable to complete the proposed transactions
or identify and complete another strategic or financing transaction in the first half of 2023, we may elect or be required to pursue a
reorganization or seek other protection under the federal bankruptcy code. 

See Risk Factors beginning on page 22 of
this Form 10-K for further discussion of the risks surrounding the proposed transaction and our company. 

Our Pipeline 

Our product candidates are in the clinical stage
of development and require substantial time, resources, research and development, and regulatory approval prior to commercialization.
Our pipeline is depicted below: 

5 

Table of Contents 

Lenzilumab 

We are developing
lenzilumab for potential commercial use in several indications: 

as a therapeutic for chronic myelomonocytic leukemia CMML ). 

for the prevention and/or treatment of acute graft versus host disease aGvHD associated with bone marrow transfers; and 

as a prophylactic companion for certain chimeric antigen receptor therapy CAR-T programs. 

2022 Developments 

In
July 2022, topline results from the Accelerating COVID-19 Therapeutic Interventions and Vaccines-5 ACTIV-5 and Big Effect
Trial, in the B arm of the trial BET-B ), referred to as the ACTIV-5/BET-B trial, were released. The study
was sponsored and funded by the National Institutes of Health NIH and evaluated lenzilumab in combination with remdesivir,
compared to placebo and remdesivir, in hospitalized COVID-19 patients. The topline results showed the trial did not achieve statistical
significance on the primary endpoint, although the topline results did indicate that lenzilumab demonstrated a positive trend in mortality.
A global group of leading institutions and research networks has indicated interest in including lenzilumab in their large-scale, multinational
studies of COVID-19, pending an uptick in ICU admissions. Tocilizumab and baricitinib demonstrated mortality benefit following inclusion
in REMAP-CAP and RECOVERY, despite having failed to do so in smaller studies. 

We are executing
the strategic realignment plan to deemphasize the deployment of certain resources for the development of lenzilumab for COVID-19 and currently
do not plan to pursue regulatory pathways unless further data from ACTIV-5/BET-B or a future large-scale study merit such an approach.
The Named Patient program in select European Countries has been terminated. With the exception of the one lenzilumab batch in process,
we have discontinued the manufacturing of lenzilumab and are consolidating the remaining inventory of lenzilumab bulk drug substance and
drug product in a central location for potential future use. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Through partners in Australia,
we initiated a study of lenzilumab in cancer patients with COVID-19. The trial, known as C-SMART was a
multi-center, four arm trial, which aimed to evaluate several different immune modulating drugs for prevention and treatment of COVID-19
in the cancer population. The investigational product is in the process of being destroyed, due to COVID-19 being deprioritized
by us and the Australian Government. 

In May 2022, our partners
in South Korea dosed the final healthy volunteer of the 20 required for their Phase 1 bridging study. This study was conducted to explore
the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic PK properties of lenzilumab and compare it between Koreans and Caucasians.
The clinical study report has been completed and the degree of exposure was observed to be higher in Koreans than in Caucasians. Lenzilumab
was safe and well tolerated in both Koreans and Caucasians. 

Lenzilumab in CMML and Related Hematological Cancers 

Scientific Rationale 

We believe that lenzilumab holds promise in CMML,
a rare form of hematologic cancer with a three-year overall survival rate of 20 and median overall survival of 20 months. Standard therapies
yield a complete response rate CR plus partial response rate PR in the 10-17 range. CMML is a clonal
stem cell disorder of which monocytosis is a key feature. Clonal cytogenic abnormalities are commonly seen in CMML patients. RAS mutations,
which make leukemic cells hyperresponsive to GM-CSF, are seen in approximately 50 of CMML patients and are the anticipated target patient
population for lenzilumab. CMML has features of myelodysplastic syndrome MDS ), including abnormal, dysplastic bone marrow
cells; cytopenia; transfusion dependence; and of myeloproliferative neoplasms, including overproduction of white blood cells, organomegaly
(e.g., splenomegaly and hepatomegaly) and extramedullary disease. Independent publications have demonstrated the key role of GM-CSF and
RAS pathway mutations in this and other cancers, including JMML, MDS, myeloproliferative neoplasms, and AML. 1,2,3 

Our Development Program 

In a Phase 1 study conducted by Mayo Clinic, three
of six patients with NRAS/KRAS/CBL mutations demonstrated a clinical response to lenzilumab by the MDS/MPN International Working Group
criteria. This study identified the Maximum Tolerated Dose MTD or recommended Phase 2 dose of lenzilumab, and assessed
lenzilumab s safety, pharmacokinetics, and clinical activity. Final results of this study were presented at the 2019 ASH Annual
Meeting and published in blood . 

Building on this successful Phase 1 study in CMML,
we are running a Phase 2 study in combination with azacitidine in newly diagnosed high-risk CMML patients who express NRAS/KRAS/CBL mutations
which are known to be hypersensitive to GM-CSF and therefore may lend themselves to responsiveness to lenzilumab treatment. The Phase
2 study, known as PREcision Approach to Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia or PREACH-M , is being conducted in
partnership with the South Australian Health Medical Research Institute SAHMRI and the University of Adelaide. The
study is currently enrolling at sites in Australia with additional enrollment anticipated at sites in New Zealand. As of March 16, 2023,
 13 lenzilumab-treated patients have been enrolled in the study of a total of 15 patients and
followed for multiple cycles, with what are believed to be encouraging results. An abstract for the PREACH-M trial has been accepted to
the American Association for Cancer Research with a poster presentation scheduled for April 17, 2023. 4 We are providing lenzilumab
for this study and the majority of the study costs are being borne by the partner and funded by a grant from the Medical Research Futures
Fund, a research fund set up by the Australian Government. 

As a treatment for a rare disease, lenzilumab may
qualify for certain regulatory and commercial benefits that may accelerate development and approval. We are assessing regulatory pathways
that may enable early results to support a regulatory submission and potential approval by the Therapeutic Goods Administration in Australia,
which could be expanded through Project Orbis, an international regulatory agency collaboration, to the United States and the United Kingdom.
In addition, we are evaluating approaches to FDA directly. 

_____________________________ 

1 Gupta, A. et al. (2021, February 28). Juvenile myelomonocytic
leukemia-A comprehensive review and recent advances in management. American Journal of Blood Research , 11(1), 1 21. Retrieved
July 21, 2022, from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8010610/pdf/ajbr0011-0001.pdf 

2 Padron, E., et al. (2013, June 20). GM-CSF dependent
PSTAT5 sensitivity is a feature with therapeutic potential in chronic myelomonocytic leukemia. Blood , 121(25), 5068 5077.
https://doi.org/10.1182/blood-2012-10-460170 

3 Emanuel, P. D., et al. (1991, March 1). Selective hypersensitivity
to granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor by juvenile chronic myeloid leukemia hematopoietic progenitors. Blood , 77(5),
925 929. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.v77.5.925.925 

4 Hiwase, D. et al. (2023, April 17). A phase 2/3, multicenter
trial of lenzilumab and azacitidine in chronic myelomonocytic leukemia: The PREACH-M trial. https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/#!/10828/presentation/10428 

7 

Table of Contents 

A clinical protocol has been developed for a study
in juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia JMML an ultra-orphan and devastating condition affecting young children. 

Our Commercial Opportunity 

The incidence of new CMML patients in the US,
UK, and Australia is about 1,700 patients annually. 5 RAS mutations, which drive GM-CSF hyperresponsiveness, are also seen in
additional myeloid hematological malignancies including JMML, myelodysplastic syndromes MDS and acute myeloid leukemia AML ), totaling approximately 4,000 new cases annually in the US. We believe success with CMML may provide proof of principle
for targeting RAS pathway mutations in myeloid leukemias with lenzilumab and allow us to develop, and if successful, commercialize lenzilumab
ourselves or through a partner, in these additional patient populations. About 15 to 20 of CMML cases progress to AML. According to the
American Cancer Society, approximately 1,100 individuals in the US are newly diagnosed annually with CMML, with the majority of these
new patients being age 60 or older. These patients are typically unsuitable for stem cell transplants. 

For FDA approval, a confirmatory study in the US
may be required and we plan to seek regulatory guidance from the agency with interim results from PREACH-M. 

Pricing and reimbursement for rare diseases are
traditionally higher than treatments for more common diseases. There have been no new therapeutic agents for patients with high-risk CMML
in 30 years. 6 

_____________________________ 

5 Incidence extrapolated by applying American Cancer
Society incidence rate of four per one million people to the population of US, UK, and Australia. https://www.cancer.org/cancer/chronic-myelomonocytic-leukemia/about/key-statistics.html 

6 Aim of first-ever CMML study to improve survival. 
Leukaemia Foundation. (2021, October 11). Retrieved July 21, 2022, from https://www.leukaemia.org.au/stories/aim-of-first-ever-cmml-study-to-improve-survival/ 

8 

Table of Contents 

Lenzilumab in Acute GvHD 

Scientific Rationale 

Allogeneic
hematopoietic stem cell therapy HSCT ), a potentially curative therapy
for patients with hematological cancers, involves transferring stem cells from a healthy donor to
the patient. HSCT has demonstrated effectiveness in treating these cancers. Allogeneic HSCT typically involves multiple steps: 

Collecting blood from a healthy donor; 

Processing the donor s blood to remove the stem cells before returning the rest of the donor s blood back to the donor; 

Pre-conditioning the patient with high-dose chemotherapy and/or radiation; and 

Infusing the donor s stem cells into the patient to allow for the production of new blood cells. 

Although a potentially life-saving treatment for
patients suffering from hematological cancers, between 40-60 of patients receiving HSCT treatments experience acute or chronic GvHD,
which together carries a 50 mortality rate. After being transplanted into the patient, donor-derived T cells are responsible for mediating
the beneficial graft versus leukemia GvL effect. In many cases, however, donor-derived T cells that remain within the
graft itself have also been linked to destruction of healthy tissue in the patient (the host), with particular risk of destroying cells
in the patient s skin, gut, and liver, resulting in aGvHD. Although depleting donor grafts of T cells can prevent or reduce the
risk of aGvHD, this results in a reduced GvL effect, thereby having a detrimental impact on the efficacy of the allogeneic HSCT treatment
itself and leading to increased relapse rates. 

Despite new therapies, there remains a significant
unmet medical need for an agent that can uncouple the beneficial GvL effect from harmful aGvHD. In December 2022, the FDA approved Orencia
(abatacept) from Bristol Myers Squibb for the prevention of aGvHD and in 2019 Jakafi (ruxolitinib)
from Incyte Corporation was approved for steroid-refractory aGvHD. Other treatments include pre-conditioning regimens for HSCT treatments
that can vary significantly by treatment centers, including by unapproved, or off-label, use of agents that have been approved
by FDA for other uses only. 

We believe that GM-CSF neutralization with lenzilumab
has the potential to prevent or treat GvHD without compromising, and potentially improving, the beneficial GvL effect in patients undergoing
allogeneic HSCT, thereby making allogeneic HSCT safer. The technology was featured in a November 2018 research article published in Science
Translational Medicine , where the authors demonstrated in a murine model of GvHD, that donor T cell-derived GM-CSF drives GvHD through
activation, expansion, and trafficking of myeloid cells but has no effect on the GvL response. Neutralization of GM-CSF (either using
a neutralizing antibody or through GM-CSF gene knock-out) was able to uncouple the myeloid-mediated immunopathology resulting in GvHD
from the T cell-mediated control of leukemic cells. This discovery provides a mechanistic proof-of-concept for neutralizing GM-CSF to
prevent GvHD without compromising, and potentially improving, the GvL effect in patients undergoing allogeneic HSCT. Corroborating data
related to the critical effect GM-CSF has on GvHD development in HSCT was published in blood advances in October 2019 by Gartlan
et al. 

Our Development Program 

We believe that GM-CSF neutralization using lenzilumab
has the potential to make allogeneic HSCT safer and more effective. Similar to GM-CSF neutralization with lenzilumab breaking the efficacy/toxicity
linkage with CAR-T therapy, GM-CSF neutralization has demonstrated potential to attenuate acute GvHD while maintaining the beneficial
GvL effect in patients undergoing allogeneic HSCT. We believe lenzilumab has potential to prevent or reduce aGvHD in allogeneic HSCT,
thereby making allogeneic HSCT safer as a potentially curative therapy for patients with hematological cancers. 

We are currently evaluating lenzilumab for the
early treatment of aGvHD in patients undergoing bone marrow transplants in a Phase 2/3 potentially registrational trial, known as the
 RATinG study. The study is being conducted by the IMPACT Partnership, a collection of 22 stem cell transplant centers located
in the United Kingdom. We anticipate the first patient dosing in this study to occur in the second quarter of 2023 .
We are providing lenzilumab for the study including the cost of import, labeling and distribution of the study drug, and support for certain
laboratory tests related to the study, but the majority of the study costs will be borne by the IMPACT Partnership. The goal of the study
is to determine the efficacy and safety of lenzilumab in reducing non-relapse mortality at six months. 

Our Commercial Opportunity 

The overall number of allogeneic HSCT treatments
continues to increase annually in the US and abroad. According to the Center for International Blood Bone Marrow Transplant Research CIBMTR ), in 2019, approximately 10,000 allogeneic HSCT treatments were expected to be performed in the US, with similar
trends expected in Europe (Phelan, et al Current use and outcome of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: CIBMTR US summary slides
2020). The cost of managing these patients in the first year is estimated at approximately 400,000. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Lenzilumab in CAR-T 

Scientific Rationale 

FDA-approved
CAR-T therapies have demonstrated the effectiveness of using targeted immuno-cellular engineering to cause a patient s own T-cells
to fight certain cancers that have not responded to standard therapies. T-cells are often called the workhorses of the immune
system because of their role in coordinating the immune response and killing cells infected by pathogens and cancer cells. As depicted
below, each of the FDA-approved CAR-T therapies are currently a one-time treatment that involves multiple steps: 

Harvesting white blood cells from the patient s blood, also known as apheresis; 

Engineering T-cells within this population to express cancer-specific receptors; 

Increasing and purifying the number of genetically re-engineered T-cells; and 

Infusing the functional cancer-specific T-cells back into the patient to allow for expansion and targeting the cancer cells. 

As of the
date of this filing, six CAR-T therapies have been approved by FDA: Gilead/Kite s Yescarta, and Tecartus, Novartis s Kymriah,
Johnson Johnson s Carvykti, Bristol Myers Squibb s Breyanzi and Abecma,
which seek to treat forms of B-cell and plasma cell cancers such as various types of NHL, including DLBCL, Follicular Lymphoma FL Mantle Cell Lymphoma MCL ), adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia ALL ), and multiple myeloma.
Although patients suffering from these aggressive cancers frequently undergo multiple treatments, including chemotherapy, radiation and
targeted therapy including stem cell transplants, the five-year survival rate has been severely limited and patients who do not respond
to, or have relapsed following at least two courses of standard treatment, have no other treatment options and a very poor outcome. According
to multiple sources, specifically US governmental sources, including the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results SEER program of the National Cancer Institute, which is one source of epidemiologic information on the incidence and survival rates of cancer
in the US, we estimate the US incidence of DLBCL to be approximately 24,000 patients annually, FL to be approximately 16,000 patients
annually, ALL to be approximately 7,000 patients annually and MCL to be approximately 4,000 patients annually. 

The FDA-approved CAR-T therapies have significant
limitations. Despite the exciting prospects for treating patients with limited options, significant and potentially life-threatening side-effects
are associated with CAR-T therapy, including Immune Effector Cell Associated Neurotoxicity ICANS and CRS. While there
may be individual differences between CAR-T therapy products, the overall toxicity profile is generally consistent with that reported
for Yescarta and Tecartus, and it is known that various development-stage BCMA and other CAR-T therapies are hampered by the emergence
of ICANS, CRS and other serious and potentially fatal side-effects. In addition, durable efficacy is an area that could be improved upon. 

Both ICANS and CRS are caused by a large-scale
release of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines induced by the CAR-T therapy and remain significant unmet needs. Because
ICANS and CRS can be life-threatening and have proven fatal in many instances, and because each product bears a Boxed Warning 
from FDA (the strictest FDA warning label intended to alert patients and providers about serious and life-threatening risks associated
with a particular drug), patients seeking to benefit from CAR-T therapy, generally may only do so if the treatment center is in compliance
with the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS program required by FDA. 

REMS is a drug safety program that FDA
requires certain medications with serious safety concerns to adhere to strict on-going monitoring and reporting and is intended to assist
and train certified treatment centers on the management of these serious side-effects. We believe the REMS requirement may have adversely
impacted both market uptake and usage to date. 

According
to the original package inserts for Yescarta and Tecartus, 81 (NHL), 81 (MCL), 87 (ALL) of patients treated in the clinical
trial setting experienced ICANS (with up to 35 of cases being severe, or grade > 3). The package insert for Yescarta was later
updated to include the use of prophylactic corticosteroids across all approved indications. The update was based on the safety update
from Cohort 6 of the ZUMA-1 study which showed that in 39 patients, prophylactic or early use of corticosteroids resulted in neurological
events (Grade 3) in 13 of patients and 0 of the patients had CRS (Grade 3). These original rates may be more prevalent in practice.
Moreover, based on feedback from leading treatment centers in the US, approximately 30 to 40 of
patients receiving CAR-T therapy require admission to the ICU and in some cases require an extended stay, with multiple interventions,
including ventilator support and other supportive measures, to be urgently administered to manage these side-effects. Some patients
can suffer seizures, coma, brain swelling, heart arrhythmias, organ failure and serious and life-threatening clotting disorders, not only
causing more complex and potentially fatal medical consequences, but significantly adding to the cost of patient care. These can be particularly
challenging and concerning issues, especially in younger patients. 

Our Development Program 

We believe lenzilumab has the potential to improve
the efficacy and safety of CAR-T therapy and that the use of lenzilumab may minimize or eradicate the incidence, frequency, duration and/or
severity of ICANS and/or CRS that frequently appear in CAR-T patients. In addition, lenzilumab may lead to an improvement in durable efficacy. 

10 

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, we have identified lenzilumab as
a potential companion treatment alongside certain CD19-targeted CAR-T cell therapies. GM-CSF neutralization may enhance CAR-T proliferation
and effector functions and potentially confer additional benefits in terms of durable efficacy and healthcare resource utilization. Preclinical
data generated in collaboration with the Mayo Clinic, which was published in blood , a premier journal in hematology, indicates
that the use of lenzilumab in combination with CAR-T therapy may also enhance the proliferation and improve the efficacy of CAR-T therapy.
This may also result in durable, or longer term, responses in CAR-T therapies. 

Lenzilumab has been studied in a multi-center
Phase 1b trial as a sequenced therapy with Yescarta to prevent CRS and ICANS in patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell
lymphoma DLBCL (NCT04314843), for which we announced positive results in April 2021. Pursuant to our strategic realignment
plan, the previously planned Company-sponsored study of lenzilumab with certain CAR-T therapies, known as SHIELD, has been terminated.
A leading network of centers, The Mayo Clinics, is currently progressing with an IIT of lenzilumab in combination with CAR-T therapies. 

Our Commercial Opportunity 

Revenues from the sales of approved CAR-T therapies
were valued at approximately 2.19 billion in 2022. We estimate globally over 15,000 patients have been treated with CAR-T therapies.
Analysts predict that Yescarta only will reach peak sales in excess of 1.5 billion as additional patients become eligible for treatment.
We believe lenzilumab has the ability to transform CAR-T therapy and potentially a broad range of other T-cell engaging therapies, including
both autologous and allogeneic cell transplantation. There is a direct correlation between the efficacy of CAR-T therapy and the incidence
of life-threatening toxicities, including ICANS and CRS. 

We believe that our GM-CSF pathway science, assets
and expertise create two technology platforms to assist in the development of next-generation CAR-T therapies: 

Lenzilumab has the potential to be used in combination with any FDA-approved or development stage T-cell therapy, including CAR-T
therapy, as well as in combination with other cell therapies such as allogeneic HSCT such as bone marrow transplants, to make these treatments
safer and more effective. 

In addition, our GM-CSF knockout gene-editing CAR-T platform has the potential to create next-generation CAR-T therapies that may
inherently avoid any efficacy/toxicity linkage, thereby potentially preserving the benefits of the CAR-T therapy while reducing or altogether
avoiding its serious and potentially life-threatening side-effects. 

Ifabotuzumab 

Ifabotuzumab is a Humaneered monoclonal antibody,
formerly referred to as KB004, which targets the EphA3 receptor, and in which the antibody carbohydrate chains lack fucose, thereby enhancing
the targeted cell-killing activity of the antibody. We believe that ifabotuzumab as part of an antibody drug conjugate has the potential
for treating solid tumors. In 2006, we entered into a license agreement with Ludwig Institute of Cancer Research LICR pursuant to which LICR granted certain exclusive rights to the ifabotuzumab prototype (referred to as IIIA4) as well as EphA3 intellectual
property. 

Ifabotuzumab binds to EphA3, which plays an important
role in cell positioning and tissue organization during fetal development but is not thought to be expressed nor play a significant role
in healthy adults. EphA3 is a tyrosine kinase receptor, aberrantly expressed on the tumor vasculature and tumor stroma in several solid
tumors including melanoma, breast cancer, small and non-small cell lung cancer SCLC and NSCLC ), colorectal
cancer, gastric cancer, renal cancer, glioblastoma multiforme GBM ), and prostate cancer, making it an attractive target
for a range of cancers. Publications related to certain cancers have indicated that EphA3 tumor cell expression correlates with cancer
growth and a poor prognosis. EphA3 appears to be critically involved in maintaining tumor cells in a less differentiated state by modulating
mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling. EphA3 knockdown or depletion of EphA3-positive tumor cells may reduce tumorigenic potential
to a degree comparable to treatment with a therapeutic radiolabeled EphA3-specific monoclonal antibody. We believe EphA3 is a functional,
targetable receptor in solid tumors. A study published in December 2018 in Cancers showed that an antibody drug conjugate ADC comprising IIIA4 (a predecessor monoclonal antibody and prototype for ifabotuzumab) showed significant survival benefit
in mice with GBM. 

Anti-EphA3 treatment has shown encouraging preclinical
results in multiple experiment types, including patient primary tumor cell assays, colony forming assays, and xenograft mouse models.
Upon binding to EphA3, ifabotuzumab causes cell killing to occur either through antibody-dependent, cell-mediated cytotoxicity or through
direct apoptosis, and in the case of tumor neovasculature, through cell rounding and blood vessel disruption. Given the expression pattern
of EphA3 in multiple tumor types, ifabotuzumab may have the potential to kill cancer cells and the tumor stem cell microenvironment, providing
for long-term responses while sparing normal cells. 

On April 10, 2021, we presented top-line results
from the Phase 1 safety and bioimaging trial of ifabotuzumab in patients with GBM at the American Association for Cancer Research 2021
Annual Meeting. The Phase 1 study primarily sought to determine the safety and recommended Phase 2 dose of ifabotuzumab in patients with
GBM, the most frequent and lethal primary brain neoplasm, with 5-year survival rates of 10 . There were no dose-limiting toxicities observed
and all adverse events were readily manageable. Additional studies are being planned to evaluate ifabotuzumab as an ADC in patients with
solid tumors, such as, colon, breast, prostate, and pancreatic cancer. These studies include the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Research Institute
which plans to conduct a Phase 1b dose-escalation and imaging study in non-CNS solid tumors that is scheduled to begin in 2023. 

11 

Table of Contents 

HGEN005 

HGEN005 is a Humaneered monoclonal antibody, formerly
referred to as KB005, which selectively targets the eosinophil receptor EMR1. HGEN005 is being explored as a potential treatment for a
range of eosinophilic diseases including eosinophilic leukemia both as an optimized naked antibody and as the backbone for a novel CAR-T
construct. 

A major limitation of current eosinophil-targeted
therapies is incomplete depletion of tissue eosinophils and/or lack of cell selectivity. Eosinophils are a type of white blood cell. If
too many eosinophils are produced in the body, chronic inflammation and tissue and organ damage may result. The origin and development
of eosinophilic disorders is mostly due to eosinophils infiltrating tissue. EMR1 is expressed exclusively on eosinophils, making it an
ideal target for the treatment of eosinophilic disorders. Regardless of the eosinophilic disorder, mature eosinophils express EMR1 in
tissue, blood and bone marrow in patients with eosinophilia. We believe that because of its high selectivity, HGEN005 has significant
potential to treat serious eosinophil diseases. 

In preclinical work, HGEN005 s anti-EMR1
activity resulted in dramatically enhanced Natural Killer NK of eosinophils from normal and eosinophilic donors and also
induced a rapid and sustained depletion of eosinophils in a non-human primate model without any clinically significant adverse events.
The development of HGEN005 is on hold while we focus on lenzilumab and ifabotuzumab. 

Intellectual Property 

Intellectual property
is an important part of our strategy and has been a key focus area for Humanigen. We have and continue to file aggressively on our own
inventions and in-license intellectual property and technology as it relates to our therapeutic interests. We believe that we are a leader
in the field of GM-CSF neutralization in particular, and in targeting EphA3. 

Licensing and Collaborations 

The Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research 

On June 19, 2019, we entered into the Mayo Agreement
with the Mayo Foundation. Under the Mayo Agreement, we have in-licensed certain technologies that we believe may be used to create CAR-T
cells lacking GM-CSF expression through various gene-editing tools including CRISPR-Cas9.
The license covers various patent applications and know-how developed by Mayo Foundation in collaboration with us. These licensed technologies
complement and broaden our position in the GM-CSF neutralization space and expand our discovery platform aimed at improving CAR-T to include
gene-edited CAR-T cells. The Mayo Agreement requires the payment of milestones and royalties upon the achievement of certain regulatory
and commercialization milestones. 

The term of the Mayo Agreement runs from May 29,
2019 until the later of: (i) the expiration date of the last to expire of the patent rights granted; or (ii) the conclusion of a period
of ten (10) years from the date of the first commercial sale, subject to termination rights specified in the agreement. 

The University of Zurich 

On July 19, 2019, we entered into an exclusive
worldwide license agreement (the Zurich Agreement with the University of Zurich UZH ). Under the Zurich Agreement,
we have in-licensed certain technologies that we believe may be used to prevent GvHD through GM-CSF neutralization. The Zurich Agreement
covers various patent applications filed by UZH which complement and broaden our position in the application of GM-CSF neutralization
and expands our development platform to include improving allogeneic HSCT. 

The Zurich Agreement required an initial one-time
payment of 100,000, which we paid to UZH on July 29, 2019. The Zurich Agreement also requires the payment of annual license maintenance
fees, as well as milestones and royalties upon the achievement of certain regulatory and commercialization milestones. 

The term of the Zurich Agreement runs from July
19, 2019 until the expiration date of the longest-lived patent right, subject to termination rights specified in the agreement. 

Clinical Trial Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases 

On July 24, 2020, we entered into a clinical trial
agreement (the Clinical Trial Agreement with NIAID, part of the National Institutes of Health, which is part of the United
States Government Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the Division of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases. Pursuant
to the Clinical Trial Agreement, lenzilumab was evaluated in the NIAID-sponsored ACTIV-5/ BET in hospitalized patients with COVID-19.
The ACTIV-5/BET-B study protocol was modified to include baseline CRP below 150 mg/L (the CRP subgroup) as the primary analysis population.
The topline results showed the trial did not achieve statistical significance on the primary endpoint, although the topline results did
indicate that lenzilumab demonstrated a positive trend in mortality. Pursuant to the Clinical Trial Agreement, NIAID served as sponsor
and was responsible for supervising and overseeing ACTIV-5/BET-B. We provided lenzilumab to NIAID without charge and in quantities to
ensure a sufficient supply of lenzilumab. 

12 

Table of Contents 

The Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research 

In 2004, we entered into a license agreement with
the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research LICR pursuant to which LICR granted to us an exclusive license for intellectual
property rights and materials related to chimeric anti-GM-CSF antibodies that formed the basis for lenzilumab. Under the agreement, we
were granted an exclusive license to develop antibodies related to LICR s antibodies against GM-CSF. We are responsible for using
commercially reasonable efforts to research, develop, and sell lenzilumab. We pay LICR a quarterly license fee and are obligated to pay
to LICR a royalty from 1.5 to 3 of net sales of licensed products, subject to certain potential offsets and deductions. Our royalty
obligation applies on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis, and will begin on the first commercial sale
of a licensed product in a given country and end on the later of the expiration of the last to expire patent covering a licensed product
in a given country (which in the US is currently expected in 2029 for the composition of matter and 2038 for methods of use in CAR-T)
or 10 years from first commercial sale of such licensed product in the country. We must also pay to LICR a certain percentage of sublicensing
revenue received by us. Payments made to LICR under this license for each of the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.1
million. 

Other License Agreements 

LICR and ifabotuzumab 

In 2006, we entered into a license agreement with
LICR pursuant to which LICR granted to us certain exclusive rights to the ifabotuzumab prototype (IIIA4) which targets EphA3 and EphA3-related
intellectual property. Under the agreement, we obtained rights to develop and commercialize products made through use of licensed patents
and any improvements thereto, including human or Humaneered antibodies that bind to or modulate EphA3. We paid LICR an upfront option
fee of 0.05 million and a further 0.05 million upon our exercise of the option for the exclusive license outlined above. We are responsible
for contingent milestone payments of less than 2.5 million and royalties of 3 of net sales subject to certain potential offsets and
deductions. In addition, we are obligated to pay to LICR a percentage of certain payments we receive from any sublicensee in consideration
for a sublicense. Our royalty obligation exists on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis, which will begin
on the first commercial sale and end on the later of the expiration of the last to expire patent covering such licensed product in such
country, which in the US is currently expected in 2031, or 10 years from first commercial sale of such licensed product in such country. 

BioWa and Lonza 

In 2010, we entered into a license agreement with
BioWa, Inc. BioWa ), and Lonza Sales AG Lonza pursuant to which BioWa and Lonza granted us a non-exclusive,
royalty-bearing, sub-licensable license under certain know-how and patents related to antibody expression and antibody-dependent cellular
cytotoxicity enhancing technology using BioWa and Lonza s Potelligent CHOK1SV technology. This technology is used
to enhance the cell killing capabilities of antibodies and is currently used by us in connection with our development of ifabotuzumab.
Under this agreement, we owe annual license fees, milestone payments in connection with certain regulatory and sales milestones and royalties
in the low single digits on net sales of products developed under the agreement. The agreement expires upon the expiration of royalty
payment obligations under the agreement, is terminable at will by us upon written notice, is terminable by BioWa and Lonza if we challenge
or otherwise oppose any licensed patents under the agreement and is terminable by either party upon the occurrence of an uncured material
breach or insolvency. 

Patents and Trade Secrets 

We use a combination of patent, trade secret and
other intellectual property protections to protect our product candidates and platforms. We will be able to protect our product candidates
from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent they are covered by valid and enforceable patents or to the extent our technology
is effectively maintained as trade secrets. Intellectual property is an important part of our strategy. We have and continue to file aggressively
on our own inventions and in-licensed intellectual property and technology as it relates to our therapeutic interests. Our success will
depend in part on our ability to obtain, maintain, defend and enforce patent rights for and to extend the life of patents covering lenzilumab,
ifabotuzumab, HGEN005, our Humaneered technology, and our GM-CSF gene-editing CAR-T platform technologies, to preserve trade secrets and
proprietary know how, and to operate without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. We actively seek patent protection,
if available, in the US and select foreign countries for the technology we develop. We have 140 registered patents, including 16 registered
in the US and 124 registered in foreign countries. Of the 140 registered patents, 101 are owned by us, 29 are owned jointly with a third
party and 10 are exclusively licensed from a third party. We also have 86 patent applications pending globally, of which 46 are owned
by us, 13 are owned jointly with a third party and 27 are exclusively licensed from a third party. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Using our Humaneered technology, we have developed
and own two composition of matter US patents covering lenzilumab and related anti-GM-CSF antibodies that provide patent protection through
April 2029, a granted composition of matter patent in 15 European countries and certain foreign countries, and have four US patents, one
foreign patent, and 14 additional pending patent applications in the US, 55 foreign patent applications, and three PCT international patent
application covering various methods of treatment, including in the CAR-T space covering a broad and comprehensive range of approaches
to neutralizing GM-CSF, including the use of GM-CSF k/o CAR-T cells, which, if granted, are expected to confer protection to at least
September 2039. 

We developed and own an issued US composition of
matter patent covering ifabotuzumab and related anti-EphA3 antibodies, which is currently expected to expire in 2031, and own 22 foreign
patents to anti-EphA3 antibodies and therapeutic uses, in addition to owning three US patents and jointly owning one US patent to therapeutic
methods using anti-EphA3 antibodies, two European patents validated in 22 countries, and five foreign patents owned jointly with a third
party covering methods of treatment with anti-EphA3 antibodies. The one US and 40 foreign patents to our Humaneered technology cover methods
of producing human antibodies that are very specific for target antigens using only a small region from mouse antibodies. 

Manufacturing and Raw Materials 

We outsource all development activities, including
the development of formulation prototypes. We do not have, nor do we plan to have, any manufacturing facilities. Instead, we have adopted
a manufacturing strategy of contracting with third party contract manufacturing organizations CMOs for the manufacture
of bulk drug substance BDS and fill, finish, labeling, packaging and distribution work for our product candidates. We
believe our outsourcing approach allows us to maintain a leaner staff and a more flexible infrastructure, allowing us to focus our expertise
on developing our products. 

In 2020 and the first half of 2021, we were aggressive
in pursuing manufacturing slots for lenzilumab in contemplation of its potential commercialization under an EUA in the US or an equivalent
authorization in the UK and EU. Please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis for a further
discussion of the costs we incurred in these efforts. Our production efforts were less successful than we had anticipated, as we experienced
shortages of raw materials and critical components necessary for our manufacturing processes, delays in production and availability of
manufacturing slots and failures in production at the BDS and DP level resulting in lower than anticipated yields. Further, certain of
our CMOs had difficulties in producing BDS within specifications or were unable to produce BDS on a timely basis due to challenges in
the supply of materials used in the production process. We have amended, and in some cases canceled, certain of these CMO agreements.
More recently, we have settled our disputes with two of our CMOs. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for more information on these settlement agreements. 

In connection with our realignment to deemphasize
the deployment of certain resources for the development of lenzilumab for COVID-19, with the exception of one lenzilumab batch in process,
we have discontinued the manufacturing of lenzilumab and are consolidating the remaining inventory of lenzilumab bulk drug substance and
drug product in a central location for potential future use. We believe we have sufficient drug product for our currently planned clinical
trials. 

Sales and Marketing 

We intend to outsource our sales and marketing
infrastructure necessary to market and sell our products, if authorized or approved. As our drug candidates progress, we may also seek
strategic alliances and partnerships with third parties including those with existing infrastructure and with government bodies. 

Competition 

We compete in an industry characterized by rapidly
advancing technologies, intense competition, a changing regulatory and legislative landscape and a strong emphasis on the benefits of
intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivities. Our competitors include pharmaceutical companies, other biotechnology companies,
academic institutions, government agencies and other private and public research organizations. We compete with these parties to develop
a potential treatment for hematologic cancers, and to develop potential biologic therapies to make allogeneic HSCT and CAR-T therapy safer
and more effective, in addition to recruiting highly qualified personnel. Our product candidates, if successfully developed and approved,
may compete with established therapies, with new treatments that may be introduced by our competitors, including competitors relying to
a large extent on our drug approvals or on our biologics approvals, or with generic copies of our product approved by FDA, as bio-similars,
referencing our drug products. Many of our potential competitors have substantially greater scientific, research, and product development
capabilities, as well as greater financial, marketing, sales and human resources capabilities than we do. In addition, many specialized
biotechnology firms have formed collaborations with large, established companies to support the research, development and commercialization
of products that may be competitive with ours. 

Competition for the treatment of solid tumors varies
by tumor type. Surgery and/or radiation treatment is typically the first-line therapy, followed by chemotherapy. Chemotherapy may be used
as front-line treatment in the case of inoperable tumors and targeted therapies may be used as second-line therapy for specific solid
tumors that exhibit certain mutations. There are currently no known therapies that target EpAh3 antigen. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Lenzilumab and CMML competition 

CMML is currently treated via stem cell transplant,
surgery or chemotherapy, typically azacytidine or decitabine. According to clinicaltrials.gov, there are a limited number of studies exclusively
studying CMML. Most studies that include CMML also include other oncological conditions. Two Phase 2 open-label studies are focused exclusively
on CMML, exploring the use of cobimetinib (Genentech, Inc.) and ruxolitinib (Incyte Corporation) with each study enrolling 29 patients. 

Lenzilumab and aGvHD competition 

The current standard of care for aGvHD is systemic
steroids and for steroid refractory disease, ruxolitinib. Abatacept is approved for prevention of aGvHD in combination with MTX and CNI. 

Lenzilumab and CAR-T-related toxicities competition 

Medicines
used to manage ICANS and CRS, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, have not adequately controlled the side-effects, and steroids may
have a detrimental impact on the efficacy of the CAR-T therapy itself while tocilizumab may increase the risk of CAR-T therapy induced
ICANS and is correlated with an increased risk of infections, including severe infections. Further, these medicines have not undergone
prospective clinical trials for use in this patient population. Tocilizumab is not approved for prevention of CRS, nor is it approved
for either prevention or treatment of ICANS. 

Government Regulation 

Drug Development and Approval in the US 

As a biopharmaceutical company operating in the
US, we are subject to extensive regulation by FDA and by other federal, state, and local regulatory agencies. FDA regulates biological
products such as our product candidates under the US Federal Food and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), the Public Health Service Act PHSA and their implementing regulations. These laws and regulations set forth, among other things, requirements for preclinical
and clinical testing, development, approval, labeling, manufacture, storage, record keeping, reporting, distribution, import, export,
advertising, and promotion of our products and product candidates. Under the PHSA, in most circumstances an FDA-approved BLA is required
to market a biological product, or biologic, in the US Biologics receive 12 years market exclusivity from first licensure. 

Emergency Use Authorization 

FDA s EUA authority allows the agency to
facilitate greater availability and use of medical countermeasures, including biologics, when the Secretary of Health and Human Services HHS has declared that circumstances exist that justify such authorization. Under such circumstances, companies may request
an EUA to permit the marketing and use of a product before that product has received FDA approval, or to permit the otherwise unapproved
use of an approved product. FDA may only issue an EUA if it concludes that: the chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear agent referred
to in the HHS Secretary s public health emergency declaration is capable of causing a serious or life-threatening disease; the product
at issue may be effective to prevent, diagnose, or treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions that can be
caused by that agent or to mitigate a disease or condition caused by an FDA-regulated product used to diagnose, treat, or prevent a disease
or condition caused by that agent; and that there are no adequate, approved, and available alternatives. The EUA may be effective 
standard requires a lower level of evidence than the effectiveness standard required for a BLA. 

An EUA is not a permanent marketing authorization.
Rather, an EUA may be terminated once the Secretary of HHS declares that the public health emergency is terminated; when a product that
is marketed under an EUA obtains full marketing approval (for example, under a BLA); or when circumstances change (such as, for example,
new data emerge that change the risk-benefit calculation). As a practical matter, where the HHS Secretary declares an end to the public
health emergency that gave rise to FDA s EUA authority, the Secretary must provide advance notice that allows for disposition of
an unapproved product. As of late January 2022, the Biden Administration has indicated it intends to let the coronavirus public health
emergency expire in May 2023. If and when this public health emergency is terminated, the EUA landscape will change. Products currently
marketed under a COVID-related EUA will eventually lose their marketing eligibility, although HHS will provide advance notice and is likely
to allow time for the disposition of unapproved products and/or their transition to a different status. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Applications Relying on the Applicant s Clinical Data 

The approval process for a BLA under the PHSA requires
the conduct of extensive studies and the submission of large amounts of data by the applicant. The biologic development process for these
applications will generally include the following phases: 

Preclinical Testing . Before testing any
new biologic in human subjects in the US, a company must generate extensive preclinical data. Preclinical testing generally includes laboratory
evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as toxicological and pharmacological studies in several animal species to assess
the quality and safety of the product. Animal studies must be performed in compliance with FDA s Good Laboratory Practice GLP regulations and the US Department of Agriculture s Animal Welfare Act. 

IND Application . Human clinical trials in
the US cannot commence until an IND application is submitted and becomes effective. A company must submit preclinical testing results
to FDA as part of the IND application, and FDA must evaluate whether there is an adequate basis for testing the product in initial clinical
studies in human volunteers. Unless FDA raises concerns, the IND application becomes effective 30 days following its receipt by FDA. Once
human clinical trials have commenced, FDA may stop the clinical trials by placing them on clinical hold because of concerns
about the safety of the product being tested, or for other reasons. 

Clinical Trials . Clinical trials involve
the administration of the product to healthy human volunteers or to patients, under the supervision of a qualified investigator. The conduct
of clinical trials is subject to extensive regulation, including compliance with FDA s bioresearch monitoring regulations and Good
Clinical Practice GCP requirements, which establish standards for conducting, recording data from, and reporting the results
of clinical trials. GCP requirements are intended to assure that the data and reported results are credible and accurate, and that the
rights, safety, and well-being of study participants are protected. 

Clinical trials must be conducted under protocols
that detail the study objectives, parameters for monitoring safety, and the efficacy criteria, if any, to be evaluated. Each protocol
is submitted to FDA as part of the IND application. In addition, each clinical trial must be reviewed, approved, and conducted under the
auspices of an Institutional Review Board IRB ), at the institution conducting the clinical trial. Companies sponsoring
the clinical trials, investigators, and IRBs also must comply with regulations and guidelines for obtaining informed consent from the
study subjects, complying with the protocol and investigational plan, adequately monitoring the clinical trial, and timely reporting of
adverse events. Foreign studies conducted under an IND application must meet the same requirements that apply to studies being conducted
in the US. Data from a foreign study not conducted under an IND application may be submitted in support of a BLA if the study was conducted
in accordance with GCP and FDA is able to validate the data. A study sponsor is required to publicly post certain details about active
clinical trials and clinical trial results on the government website clinicaltrials.gov. 

Human clinical trials are typically conducted in
three sequential phases, although the phases may overlap with one another and, notably, in the CAR-T setting, FDA has granted approval
to all six currently marketed CAR-T therapies (Gilead/Kite s Yescarta, and Tecartus, Novartis Kymriah, Johnson
 Johnson s Carvykti, and Bristol Myers Squibb s Breyanzi and Abecma) based on Phase 2 data and to tocilizumab
without any prospective data in the CAR-T setting: 

Phase 1 clinical trials include the initial administration of the investigational product to humans, typically to a small group of
healthy human subjects, but occasionally to a group of patients with the targeted disease or disorder. Phase I clinical trials generally
are intended to determine the metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the product, the side-effects associated with increasing doses,
and, if possible, to gain early evidence of effectiveness. 

Phase 2 clinical trials generally are controlled studies that involve a relatively small sample of the intended patient population
and are designed to develop data regarding the product s effectiveness, to determine dose response and the optimal dose range, and
to gather additional information relating to safety and potential adverse effects. 

Phase 3 clinical trials are conducted after preliminary evidence of effectiveness has been obtained and are intended to gather additional
information about safety and effectiveness necessary to evaluate the product s overall risk-benefit profile, and to provide a basis
for physician labeling. Generally, Phase 3 clinical development programs consist of expanded, large-scale studies of patients with the
target disease or disorder to obtain statistical evidence of the efficacy and safety of the drug at the proposed dosing regimen, or with
the safety, purity, and potency of a biological product. 

FDA does not always require every approved therapy to complete Phase 1 through 3 studies to secure approval. Approval through expedited
routes is at the discretion of FDA. 

The sponsoring company, FDA, or the IRB may suspend
or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable
health risk. Further, success in early-stage clinical trials does not assure success in later-stage clinical trials. Data obtained from
clinical activities are not always conclusive and may be subject to alternative interpretations that could delay, limit, or prevent regulatory
approval. 

BLA Submission and Review 

After completing clinical testing of an investigational
biologic product, a sponsor must prepare and submit a BLA for review and approval by FDA. A BLA is a comprehensive, multi-volume application
that must include, among other things, sufficient data establishing the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biological product
for its intended indication. The application includes all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical and clinical trials, including
negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry,
manufacturing, controls and proposed labeling. When a BLA is submitted, FDA conducts a preliminary review to determine whether the application
is sufficiently complete to be accepted for filing. If it is not, FDA may refuse to accept the application for filing and may request
additional information, in which case the application must be resubmitted with the supplemental information and review of the application
is delayed. 

16 

Table of Contents 

FDA performance goals, which are target dates and
other aspirational measures of agency performance to which the agency, Congressional representatives, and industry agree through negotiations
that occur every five years, generally provide for action on BLA applications within 10 months of submission or 10 months from acceptance
for filing for an original BLA. FDA is not expected to meet those target dates for all applications, however, and the deadline may be
extended in certain circumstances, such as when the applicant submits new data late in the review period. In practice, the review process
is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. In some circumstances, FDA can expedite the
review of new biologics deemed to qualify for priority review, such as those intended to treat serious or life-threatening conditions
that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs. In those cases, the targeted action date is six months from submission,
or for biologics constituting original biological products, six months from the date that FDA accepts the application for filing. 

As part of its review, FDA may refer a BLA to an
advisory committee for evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. Although FDA is not bound by
the recommendation of an advisory committee, the agency usually has followed such recommendations. FDA may also determine that a REMS
program is necessary to ensure that the benefits of a new product outweigh its risks, and that the product can therefore be approved.
A REMS program may include various elements, ranging from a medication guide or patient package insert to limitations on who may prescribe
or dispense the product, depending on what FDA considers necessary for the safe use of the product. Under the Pediatric Research Equity
Act, a BLA must include an assessment, generally based on clinical study data, of the safety and effectiveness of the subject drug or
biological product in relevant pediatric populations, unless the requirement is waived or deferred. Receiving orphan drug designation
from FDA is one situation where such a requirement may be waived. 

After review of a BLA, FDA may determine that the
product cannot be approved, or may determine that it can only be approved if the applicant cures deficiencies in the application, in which
case the agency endeavors to provide the applicant with a complete list of the deficiencies in correspondence known as a Complete Response
Letter CRL ). A CRL may request additional information, including additional preclinical or clinical data. Even if such
additional information and data are submitted, FDA may decide that the BLA still does not meet the standards for approval. Data from clinical
trials are not always conclusive and FDA may interpret data differently than the sponsor interprets them. Additionally, as a condition
of approval, FDA may impose restrictions that could affect the commercial success of a drug or require post-approval commitments, including
the completion within a specified time period of additional clinical studies, which often are referred to as Phase IV studies
or post-marketing requirements. Obtaining regulatory approval often takes several years, involves the expenditure of substantial
resources, and depends on a number of factors, including the severity of the disease in question, the availability of alternative treatments,
and the risks and benefits demonstrated in clinical trials. 

Post-approval modifications to the drug or biologic
product, such as changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, may require a sponsor to develop additional
data or conduct additional preclinical or clinical trials. The proposed changes would need to be submitted in a new or supplemental BLA,
which would then require FDA approval. 

Regulatory Exclusivities 

Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act 

In 2010, the Biologics Price Competition and
Innovation Act BPCIA was enacted, creating an abbreviated approval pathway for biologic products that are biosimilar
to, and possibly interchangeable with, reference biological products licensed under a BLA. The BPCIA also provides innovator manufacturers
of original reference biological products 12 years of exclusive use from first licensure before biosimilar versions can be licensed in
the US. This means that FDA may not approve an application for a biosimilar version of a reference biological product until 12 years after
the date of first licensure of the reference biological product (with a potential six-month extension of exclusivity if certain pediatric
studies are conducted and the results reported to FDA), although a biosimilar application may be submitted four years after the date of
first licensure of the reference biological product. Additionally, the BPCIA establishes procedures by which the biosimilar applicant
must provide information about its application and product to the reference product sponsor, and by which information about potentially
relevant patents is shared and litigation over patents may proceed in advance of approval of the biosimilar product, although the interpretation
of those procedures has been subject to litigation and appears to continue to evolve. The BPCIA also provides a period of exclusivity
for the first biosimilar to be determined by FDA to be interchangeable with the reference product. 

FDA approved the first biosimilar product under
the BPCIA in 2015, and the agency continues to refine the procedures and standards it will apply in implementing this approval pathway.
FDA has released guidance documents interpreting specific aspects of the BPCIA in the years since. We would expect lenzilumab, ifabotuzumab
and HGEN005, as biologics, to each receive at least 12 years exclusivity from first licensure if they are approved. 

17 

Table of Contents 

Pediatric Studies and Exclusivity 

Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act ,
a BLA must contain data adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric
subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective.
Sponsors must also submit pediatric study plans prior to the assessment data. Those plans must contain an outline of the proposed pediatric
study or studies the applicant plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, any deferral or waiver requests and other information
required by regulation. The applicant, FDA, and FDA s internal review committee must then review the information submitted, consult
with each other and agree upon a final plan. FDA or the applicant may request an amendment to the plan at any time. 

For products intended to treat a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition, FDA must, upon the request of an applicant, meet to discuss preparation of the initial pediatric study plan or to
discuss deferral or waiver of pediatric assessments. In addition, FDA will meet early in the development process to discuss pediatric
study plans with sponsors and FDA must meet with sponsors by no later than the end-of-Phase I meeting for serious or life-threatening
diseases and by no later than ninety (90) days after FDA s receipt of the study plan. 

FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request
of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after licensing of the product for use in adults,
or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. Additional requirements and procedures relating to deferral requests
and requests for extension of deferrals are contained in Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act FDASIA ).
Unless otherwise required by regulation, the pediatric data requirements do not apply to products with orphan designation. 

The FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 established
new requirements to govern certain molecularly targeted cancer indications. Any company that submits a BLA three years after the date
of enactment of that statute must submit pediatric assessments with the BLA if the biologic is intended for the treatment of an adult
cancer and is directed at a molecular target that FDA determines to be substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric
cancer. The investigation must be designed to yield clinically meaningful pediatric study data regarding the dosing, safety and preliminary
potency to inform pediatric labeling for the product. Deferrals and waivers as described above are also available. 

Pediatric exclusivity is another type of exclusivity
in the US and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing
regulatory exclusivity, including the non-patent and orphan exclusivity. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if a BLA sponsor submits
pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective
in the pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to FDA s request, the additional
protection is granted. If reports of requested pediatric studies are submitted to and accepted by FDA within the statutory time limits,
whatever statutory or regulatory periods of exclusivity or patent protection cover the product are extended by a further six months. This
is not a patent term extension, but it effectively extends the regulatory period during which FDA cannot license another application. 

Orphan Drug Designation 

The Orphan Drug Act provides incentives for the
development of therapeutic products intended to treat rare diseases or conditions. Rare diseases and conditions generally are those affecting
less than 200,000 individuals in the US, but also include diseases or conditions affecting more than 200,000 individuals in the US if
there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the US a drug for such disease or condition will
be recovered from sales in the US of such product. 

If a sponsor demonstrates that a therapeutic product,
including a biological product, is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, and meets certain other criteria, FDA grants orphan
drug designation to the product for that use. FDA may grant multiple orphan designations to different companies developing the same product
for the same indication, until the one company is the first to be able to secure successful approval for that product. The first product
approved with an orphan drug designated indication is granted seven years of orphan drug exclusivity from the date of approval for that
indication. During that period, FDA generally may not approve any other application for the same product for the same indication, although
there are exceptions, most notably when the later product is shown to be clinically superior to the product with exclusivity. FDA can
also revoke a product s orphan drug exclusivity under certain circumstances, including when the holder of the approved orphan drug
application is unable to assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the product to meet patient needs. 

A sponsor of a product application that has received
an orphan drug designation is also granted tax incentives for clinical research undertaken to support the application. In addition, FDA
will typically coordinate with the sponsor on research study design for an orphan drug and may exercise its discretion to grant marketing
approval based on more limited product safety and efficacy data than would ordinarily be required, based on the limited size of the applicable
patient population. 

18 

Table of Contents 

Expedited Programs for Serious Conditions 

FDA has implemented a number of expedited programs
to help ensure that therapies for serious or life-threatening conditions, and for which there is unmet medical need, are approved and
available to patients as soon as it can be concluded that the therapies benefits justify their risks. Among these programs are
the following: 

Fast Track Designation 

FDA may designate a product for fast-track review
if it is intended, whether alone or in combination with one or more other products, for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition and where non-clinical or clinical data demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical need for such a disease
or condition. A product can also receive fast track review if it receives breakthrough therapy designation. 

For fast-track products, sponsors may have greater
interactions with FDA and FDA may initiate review of sections of a fast-track product s application before the application is complete,
also referred to as a rolling review . This rolling review may be available if FDA determines, after preliminary evaluation
of clinical data submitted by the sponsor, that a fast-track product may be effective. The sponsor must also provide, and FDA must approve,
a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the sponsor must pay applicable user fees. Furthermore, FDA s time
period goal for reviewing a fast-track application does not begin until the last section of the complete application is submitted. Finally,
the fast-track designation may be withdrawn by FDA if FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the
clinical trial process. 

Breakthrough Therapy Designation 

A product may be designated as a breakthrough therapy
if it is intended, either alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition
and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or
more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes
all of the features of fast-track designation, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance. FDA may take certain actions with
respect to breakthrough therapies, including holding meetings with the sponsor throughout the development process; providing timely advice
to the product sponsor regarding development and approval; involving more senior staff in the review process; assigning a cross-disciplinary
project lead for the review team; and taking other steps to design efficient clinical trials. 

Accelerated Approval 

Under the accelerated approval pathway, FDA may
approve a drug or biologic based on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit; qualifying products must
target a serious or life-threatening illness and provide meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments. In clinical
trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct
measurement of how a patient feels, functions, or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than
clinical endpoints. A product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including
the completion of Phase IV or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required
post-approval studies, or to confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow FDA to withdraw the product from the
market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior
review by FDA. 

Priority Review 

FDA may designate a product for priority review
if it is a product that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness.
FDA generally determines, on a case-by-case basis, whether the proposed product represents a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness
when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased effectiveness in the
treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting product reaction, documented enhancement of patient
compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, and evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority
designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications and will shorten FDA s
goal for acting on a marketing application from the standard targeted ten months to a target of six months review. 

Created in 2012 under the FDASIA and extended with
the 21 st Century Cures Act in 2016, FDA is authorized under section 529 of the FDCA to grant a PRV to BLA sponsors receiving
FDA approval for a product to treat a rare pediatric disease, defined as a disease that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the
US, and where more than 50 of the patients affected are aged from birth to 18 years. We believe that our product candidates which may
assist with the treatment of rare pediatric cancers or other rare pediatric diseases may qualify for a PRV under this program, depending
on the indication. 

19 

Table of Contents 

The PRV program allows the voucher holder to obtain
priority review for a product application that would otherwise not receive priority review, shortening FDA s target review period
to a targeted six months following acceptance of filing of an NDA or BLA, or four months shorter than the standard review period. The
voucher may be used by the sponsor who receives it, or it may be sold to another sponsor for use in that sponsor s own marketing
application. The sponsor who uses the voucher is required to pay additional user fees on top of the standard user fee for reviewing an
NDA or BLA. 

We anticipate submitting applications for one or
more of these expedited programs and the targeted therapeutic indications. 

Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy Designation 

Recently, through the 21st Century Cures Act
 (the Cures Act ), Congress also established another expedited program, called a RMAT designation. The Cures Act directs
FDA to facilitate an efficient development program for and expedite review of RMATs. To qualify for this program, the product must be
a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or a combination of such products, and not a product
solely regulated as a human cell and tissue product. The product must be intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence must indicate that the product has the potential to address an unmet need for
such disease or condition. Advantages of the RMAT designation include all the benefits of the fast track and breakthrough therapy designation
programs, including early interactions with FDA. These early interactions may be used to discuss potential surrogate or intermediate endpoints
to support accelerated approval. 

Post-Licensing Regulation 

Once a BLA is approved and a product marketed,
a sponsor will be required to comply with all regular post-licensing regulatory requirements as well as any post-licensing requirements
that FDA may have imposed as part of the licensing process. The sponsor will be required to report, among other things, certain adverse
reactions and manufacturing problems to FDA, provide updated safety and potency or efficacy information and comply with requirements concerning
advertising and promotional labeling requirements. Manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments
with FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by FDA and certain state agencies for compliance
with ongoing regulatory requirements, including cGMP regulations, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon
manufacturers. Changes to the manufacturing processes are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented.
Accordingly, the sponsor and its third-party manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production
and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP regulations and other regulatory requirements. 

In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical
products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act PDMA and its implementing regulations, as well as the
 Drug Supply Chain Security Act DSCA ), which regulate the distribution and tracing of prescription drug samples at
the federal level and set minimum standards for the regulation of distributors by the states. The PDMA, its implementing regulations and
state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples, and the DSCA imposes requirements to ensure accountability
in distribution and to identify and remove counterfeit and other illegitimate products from the market. 

Drug Development and Approval in Australia, the European Union
and United Kingdom 

In order to market a drug
product outside of the United States, a company must comply with a variety of foreign regulatory requirements governing clinical studies,
product approval, and commercial sale and distribution of the product. Regardless of whether a company obtains FDA approval for the product,
it must obtain any necessary approvals from foreign regulatory authorities prior to commencing clinical trials or marketing the product
in the relevant countries. The approval process and regulatory requirements vary significantly across jurisdictions, and the time to approval
and marketing may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. 

European Union 

The process governing
approval of medicinal products in the European Union generally follows the same lines as in the United States. It entails satisfactory
completion of preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product
for each proposed indication. It also requires the submission to the relevant competent authorities of a marketing authorization application,
or MAA, and granting of a marketing authorization by these authorities before the product can be marketed and sold in the EU. As in the
United States, the EU also has a standard marketing authorization approval process and a conditional authorization process that can be
used to bring medicine to the market more quickly during a public health emergency. 

As in the US, companies
may apply for designation of a product as an orphan drug for the treatment of a specific indication in the EU before the application for
marketing authorization is made. Orphan drugs in Europe receive economic and marketing benefits, including up to 11 years of exclusivity
for the approved indication unless another applicant can show that its product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior
to the orphan-designated product. 

20 

Table of Contents 

In the EU, companies
developing a new medicinal product must agree to a Pediatric Investigation Plan PIP with EMA and must conduct pediatric
clinical trials in accordance with that PIP, unless a deferral or waiver applies, (e.g., because the relevant disease or condition occurs
only in adults). Products that are granted a marketing authorization on the basis of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance
with the PIP are eligible for a six-month extension of the protection under a supplementary protection certificate (if any is in effect
at the time of approval) or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of the orphan market exclusivity. 

European Union Conditional Marketing
Authorization 

The EMA may grant a conditional marketing authorization
for medicines that address unmet needs, on the basis of less comprehensive clinical data than normally required, where the benefit of
immediate availability of the medicine outweighs the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. Drugs for human
use, including orphan drugs, are eligible for conditional marketing authorization if they are intended to treat, prevent, or diagnose
serious debilitating or life-threatening diseases, if: (1) the risk-benefit balance of the product is positive; (2) it is likely that
the applicant will be in a position to provide the required comprehensive clinical study data; (3) unmet medical needs will be fulfilled;
and (4) the benefit to the public health of the immediate availability on the market of the product outweighs the risk inherent in the
need for additional data. Conditional marketing authorization, which may specify additional requirements regarding completion of ongoing
or new studies and collection of pharmacovigilance data, is valid for one year, and may be renewed annually if the risk-benefit balance
remains positive, and after assessment of the need for additional or modified conditions. 

The United Kingdom 

Since the exit of the
UK from the European Union, Great Britain (England, Scotland, and Wales) is no longer covered by EU procedures for the grant of marketing
authorizations and a separate marketing authorization will be required to market drugs (Northern Ireland is covered by the centralized
authorization procedure and can be covered under the decentralized or mutual recognition procedures). It will be necessary for applicants
to make a separate application to the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency ("MHRA") for a UK marketing authorization. 

MHRA
has introduced a national conditional marketing authorization scheme for new drugs in Great Britain. This scheme has the same eligibility
criteria as the EU scheme and is intended for drugs that fulfill an unmet medical need, such as drugs for serious and life-threatening
diseases where no satisfactory treatment methods are available or where the product offers a major therapeutic advantage. 

Gaining orphan drug designation
in Great Britain following Brexit is based on the prevalence of the condition in Great Britain (rather than in the EU). It is, therefore,
possible that conditions that are currently designated as orphan conditions in Great Britain will no longer be and that conditions that
are not currently designated as orphan conditions in the EU will be designated as such in Great Britain. Unlike in the EU, applications
for orphan drug designation in Great Britain are reviewed in parallel with the corresponding marketing authorization application. 

Australia 

The Therapeutic Goods
Administration TGA governs the review and approval of medicinal products for human use in Australia, and the processes
and requirements for such. Generally, the requirements are similar to those in the US, UK and Europe. There are three regulatory product
approval pathways; standard, priority, and provisional. The priority review pathway offers an expedited review potential for products
that treat, prevent or diagnose a life-threatening or seriously debilitating condition. The goal for priority review is to decrease overall
time to approval by 3 months. Both standard and priority review pathways require full and complete electronic Common Technical Document eCTD submissions. The provisional approval pathway allows for submission of preliminary or limited clinical data in cases
whereby data demonstrates the medicine is likely to provide a significant improvement in efficacy or safety for a serious condition, and
there is a substantiated plan to provide more comprehensive data within at least 6 years. TGA also offers Orphan Drug Designations which
are associated with certain financial incentives for serious conditions in limited populations. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed six full-time
employees, and no part-time employees, the majority of whom work remotely in various locations throughout the United States and the world.
In addition, we contract with several part-time independent consultants performing manufacturing, supply chain, quality assurance and
control, regulatory and clinical development, intellectual property, public relations, and finance and accounting functions. None of our
employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Information about our Executive Officers 

The following
sets forth the names, ages and current positions of our executive officers as of March 16, 2023. 

Cameron
Durrant, M.D., MBA , age 62 , has served as our Chairman of our Board since January 2016, as our Chief Executive Officer since
March 2016 and as our Acting Chief Financial Officer since October 2022. In addition, Dr. Durrant served as our Interim Chief Financial
Officer from July 1, 2019 to July 31, 2020. He previously has been a senior executive at Johnson and Johnson, Pharmacia Corporation, GSK
and Merck. Dr. Durrant currently serves on the boards of directors of two privately held healthcare companies. Dr. Durrant earned his
medical degree from the Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff, UK, his DRCOG from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists,
London, UK, his MRCGP from the Royal College of General Practitioners, London, UK, and his MBA from Henley Management College, Oxford,
UK. He was elected as a Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales in 2022. 

Dale Chappell, M.D., MBA, age 52, was
appointed as our Chief Scientific Officer on July 6, 2020. Dr. Chappell is the managing member of BH Management, a private investment
manager that specializes in biopharmaceuticals and a significant stockholder, a position he has held since 2002. Since April 2015, Dr.
Chappell has served as CEO, President and CFO of Cheval US Holdings, Inc., a private investment company with holdings in the hospitality
industry. Previously, Dr. Chappell was an associate with Chilton Investment Company, covering healthcare, and an analyst at W.P. Carey
 Company. Dr. Chappell, who received his MD from Dartmouth Medical School and his MBA from Harvard Business School, began his career
as a Howard Hughes Medical Institute fellow at the National Cancer Institute where he studied tumor immunology, worked as a researcher
in the labs of Dr. Steven A. Rosenberg (widely thought of as one of the pioneers in CAR-T therapy) and Dr. Nicholas P. Restifo (a leading
researcher in the field of immunology) and is published in the field of GM-CSF. Dr. Chappell served as a member of the Board from June
2016 to November 2017. Prior to joining Humanigen in a full-time role as our Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Chappell advised and consulted
with management as our ex-officio chief scientific officer. 

Edward P. Jordan, MBA, age 55, was appointed
as our Chief Commercial Officer on August 24, 2020. Mr. Jordan has more than two decades of commercial operations experience at leading
biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, having launched over a dozen products and developed new therapeutic markets in the US and
abroad. From 2016 until joining Humanigen, Mr. Jordan served as Senior Vice President of DBV Technologies, where he built the North American
commercial organization in preparation for the launch of a lifesaving pediatric biologic. Prior to DBV Technologies, from January 2014
to July 2015, Mr. Jordan was the Senior Vice President, Hematology and Oncology Sales and Marketing at AMAG Pharmaceuticals. Prior to
AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Jordan served in executive roles at Teva Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Jordan began his career at Schering-Plough, prior
to the acquisition by Merck, and spent 18 years in sales and marketing leadership positions. Mr. Jordan received dual undergraduate degrees
from The University of Rhode Island and an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University. 

Available Information 

We were incorporated on March 15, 2000 in California
and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation in September 2001. Effective August 7, 2017, we changed our legal name to Humanigen, Inc.
Our principal executive offices are located at 830 Morris Turnpike, 4 th Floor, Short Hills, NJ 07078 and our telephone number
is (973) 200-3010. Our website address is www.humanigen.com. Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the
symbol HGEN. We operate in a single segment. 

Our website and the information contained on, or
that can be accessed through, the website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free
of charge on the Investor Relations portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains the reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information we electronically file with or furnish to the SEC, located at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our business faces
significant risks and uncertainties. Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition,
results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock, and you should carefully consider them. Accordingly, in evaluating our
business, we encourage you to consider the following discussion of risk factors, in its entirety, in addition to other information contained
in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings with the SEC. Other events that we do
not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related to the Proposed Business
Combination and our Exploration of Strategic Alternatives 

While we have entered into a non-binding
letter of intent and are involved in exclusive negotiations with the Partner Company relating to a proposed business combination transaction,
we cannot assure you that the proposed business combination and related financing transactions contemplated thereby will be consummated
or, that if such transactions are consummated, they will yield value for our stockholders. If we are unable to complete the proposed business
combination and related financing transactions, or to identify and complete another strategic or financing transaction in the first half
of 2023, we may elect or be required to pursue a reorganization or seek other protection under the Bankruptcy Code. 

As disclosed elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have executed a non-binding letter of intent and are engaged in exclusive negotiations relating
to a proposed business combination with the Partner Company. We cannot assure you that we and the Partner Company will agree to terms
and enter into a definitive agreement for the proposed transaction on a timely basis or at all, which remains subject to satisfactory
due diligence and further negotiation, among other things. Accordingly, the final form and terms of any such transaction may be materially
different from the terms outlined in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our ability to enter into a definitive agreement is subject to conditions,
including that we have received binding commitments for investment of additional capital that will be necessary to fund the operations
of the combined company going forward and enable the combined company to maintain a listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market or another national securities exchange, as well as customary matters such as approval of the terms of the definitive agreement
by the Partner Company s board of directors and stockholders. We also will be required to obtain the approval of our stockholders
prior to the issuance of more than 20 of our common stock in the proposed business combination and related financing transactions in
accordance with applicable Nasdaq listing rules, and for an amendment to our charter to effect a reverse stock split or increase in our
authorized capital stock. Certain of these conditions will be out of our control. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that we
will consummate the proposed business combination and related financing transactions in the time frame or in the manner currently anticipated,
or at all. 

Further, even if we
are able to agree to terms with the Partner Company and to consummate the business combination and related financing transactions, there
is no guarantee that the terms will be favorable to our stockholders or that we will recognize the anticipated benefits of the transaction.
Regardless of whether we consummate the proposed business combination, the adverse pressures we have experienced may continue or intensify,
and we may continue to face all of the risks identified in this section entitled Risk Factors going forward. In addition,
public announcements or updates regarding any strategic transactions, financings or other strategic options and alternatives could result
in volatility in the price of shares of our common stock and dramatic spikes in trading volume. 

If we are unable to
complete the proposed business combination and related financing transactions or identify and complete another strategic or financing
transaction in the first half of 2023, we may elect or be required to seek protection from our creditors by filing a voluntary petition
for relief under the Bankruptcy Code in order to implement a restructuring plan or liquidation under Chapters 11 or 7 of the Bankruptcy
Code Bankruptcy Protection ), respectively, or we may be subject to an involuntary petition in bankruptcy. Given our lack
of liquidity, it is reasonably likely that any such bankruptcy filing would result in a complete loss of value for holders of our common
stock. 

Future sales or issuances of substantial
amounts of our common stock or convertible equity securities, including, potentially, as a result of the proposed business combination
with the Partner Company and related financing transactions, could result in significant dilution to our current stockholders. 

The proposed terms
of the potential business combination with the Partner Company contemplate a stock-for-stock merger, as a result of which we would issue
shares of our capital stock to stockholders of the Partner Company which are expected to represent roughly two times the number of our
currently outstanding shares of common stock. Additionally, in connection with the proposed business combination, we intend to raise additional
capital that will be necessary to fund the operations of the combined company going forward and enable the combined company to maintain
a listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national securities exchange. If additional shares of our capital
stock are issued in connection with the proposed business combination or additional capital is raised through the sale of common stock
or convertible equity securities in the related financing transaction, or if additional shares are issued in another strategic or financing
transaction, the issuance of those securities could result in significant dilution to our current stockholders by causing a reduction
in their proportionate ownership and voting power. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

The pursuit of additional capital
and strategic alternatives, including the proposed business combination with the Partner Company and the related financing transaction,
has and will continue to consume a substantial portion of the time and attention of our management and require additional capital resources
and may be disruptive to our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We are not able to
predict with certainty the amount of time and resources necessary to successfully execute and consummate the proposed business combination
with the Partner Company, or any other strategic alternative, or to obtain additional financing. The diversion of management s attention
may materially adversely affect the conduct of our business, and, as a result, our financial condition and results of operations. The
additional expense we accrue in connection with our review of strategic alternatives and pursuit of additional capital may materially
adversely impact our financial condition and partially offset the value of any strategic alternative we execute or additional financing
we obtain. 

Risks Related to our Financial Condition,
Need for Additional Capital and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

We need to obtain additional financing
to fund our operations and, if we are unable to obtain such financing, we may be unable to continue to operate as a going concern. If
we are unsuccessful in raising additional capital, we may elect or be required to seek Bankruptcy Protection. 

Our current capital
resources are not sufficient to fund our operations for the remainder of 2023, making it critical for us to raise additional funds. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that we can remain a going
concern long enough to consummate a strategic transaction, including the proposed business combination with the Partner Company, or to
realize the clinical milestones envisioned under the strategic realignment plan, which may in turn allow us to raise additional capital.
In order to remain a going concern, we must also successfully settle disputes, including current and potential future arbitration and
litigation. 

Accordingly, our
forward-looking business operations are dependent on our ability to raise additional capital and manage our liabilities to certain contract
manufacturing and other partners. Additional funds may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all.
If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we may not be able to continue our operations as a going concern and may elect
or be required to seek Bankruptcy Protection, or we may be subject to an involuntary petition in bankruptcy. Given our lack of liquidity,
it is reasonably likely that any such bankruptcy filing would result in a complete loss of value for holders of our common stock. 

SEC regulations may
limit the amount of funds we can raise during any 12-month period pursuant to our Form S-3. As of the filing of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, we are subject to General Instruction I.B.6 to Form S-3, or the Baby Shelf Rule, and the amount of funds we can raise through
primary public offerings of securities in any 12-month period using our Form S-3 is limited to one-third of the aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates. We will continue to be limited by the Baby Shelf Rule until such time
as our public float exceeds 75 million. If we are required to file a new registration statement on another form, we may incur additional
costs and be subject to delays due to review by SEC staff. 

The consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared on the basis of a going concern, which contemplates that we will be able
to realize our assets and discharge liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. In addition, the presence of the explanatory paragraph about
our ability to continue as a going concern in our financial statements could also make it more difficult to raise the capital necessary
to address our current needs. 

Further, doubts about
our ability to continue as a going concern could impact our relationships with our development partners and other third parties and our
ability to obtain, maintain or renew contracts with them, or negatively impact our negotiating leverage with such parties, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, any loss of key personnel,
employee attrition or material erosion of employee morale arising out of doubts about our ability to operate as a going concern could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to effectively conduct our business, and could impair our ability to execute our strategic
realignment plan and implement our business objectives, thereby having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Currently pending, threatened or
future litigation, arbitration, governmental proceedings or inquiries could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments
or settlements, and adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We are currently,
and may from time-to-time become, involved in lawsuits, arbitration and other legal or governmental proceedings. See Item 3 Legal
Proceedings to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for information regarding currently pending litigation and arbitration that could have a material impact on us. Many of these
matters raise complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties and complexities, all of which make the matters costly
to address. The timing of the final resolutions to any such lawsuits, inquiries, and other legal proceedings is uncertain. 

The possible outcomes
or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely
affecting our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and our ability to continue as a going concern.
Unless we are able to obtain additional financing, given our current lack of liquidity, it is reasonably likely that any adverse judgment,
settlement, or court order requiring the payment of a significant amount of damages would require us to seek Bankruptcy Protection. 

In addition, currently
pending litigation or arbitration could also make it more difficult for us to raise the capital necessary to address our current needs
and to consummate a strategic transaction, as the uncertainty of any such litigation or arbitration may deter potential investors from
participating in any financing and potential prospects from entering into any definitive agreement for a strategic transaction with us. 

If we pursue Bankruptcy Protection,
we will be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with such proceedings. 

If we file for protection
under the Bankruptcy Code, our operations, our ability to develop and execute our business plan and our continuation as a going concern
will be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with bankruptcy proceedings, including, among others: our ability to execute,
confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization; the high costs of bankruptcy proceedings and related fees; our ability to obtain sufficient
financing to allow us to emerge from bankruptcy and execute our business plan post-emergence, and our ability to comply with terms and
conditions of that financing; our ability to continue our operations in the ordinary course; our ability to maintain our relationships
with our partners, counterparties, employees and other third parties; our ability to obtain, maintain or renew contracts that are critical
to our operations on reasonably acceptable terms and conditions; our ability to attract, motivate and retain key employees; the ability
of third parties to use certain limited safe harbor provisions of the Bankruptcy Code to terminate contracts without first seeking bankruptcy
court approval; the ability of third parties to force us to into Chapter 7 proceedings rather than Chapter 11 proceedings and the actions
and decisions of our stakeholders and other third parties who have interests in our bankruptcy proceedings that may be inconsistent with
our operational and strategic plans. Any delays in our bankruptcy proceedings would increase the risks of our being unable to reorganize
our business and emerge from bankruptcy proceedings and may increase our costs associated with the bankruptcy process or result in prolonged
operational disruption for us. Also, we would need the prior approval of the bankruptcy court for transactions outside the ordinary course
of business during the course of any bankruptcy proceedings, which may limit our ability to respond timely to certain events or take advantage
of certain opportunities. Because of the risks and uncertainties associated with any bankruptcy proceedings, we cannot accurately predict
or quantify the ultimate impact of events that could occur during any such proceedings. There can be no guarantees that if we seek Bankruptcy
Protection we will emerge from Bankruptcy Protection as a going concern or that holders of our common stock will receive any recovery
from any bankruptcy proceedings. 

In the event we are unable to pursue
Bankruptcy Protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, or, if pursued, successfully emerge from such proceedings, it may be necessary
to pursue Bankruptcy Protection under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code for all or a part of our businesses. 

In the event we are
unable to pursue Bankruptcy Protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, or, if pursued, successfully emerge from such proceedings,
it may be necessary for us to pursue Bankruptcy Protection under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code for all or a part of our businesses.
In such event, a Chapter 7 trustee would be appointed or elected to liquidate our assets for distribution in accordance with the priorities
established by the Bankruptcy Code. We believe that liquidation under Chapter 7 would result in significantly smaller distributions being
made to our stakeholders than those we might obtain under Chapter 11 primarily because of the likelihood that the assets would have to
be sold or otherwise disposed of in a distressed fashion over a short period of time rather than in a controlled manner and as a going
concern. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Continued Listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market 

The suspension and delisting of
our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market has been stayed during the pendency of our appeal before a Nasdaq Hearings Panel scheduled
for April 6, 2023 and subsequent determination from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel as to the delisting of our common stock. There can be no
assurance that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel will decide in our favor and provide additional time for us to regain compliance with the requirements
for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If our appeal is denied, our common stock will be subject to immediate delisting from
the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

On August 24, 2022,
Nasdaq notified us that, for 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for our common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share
requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ).
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until February 20, 2023,
to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. We did not regain compliance by February 20, 2023. On February 21, 2023, we received a letter
from the Staff of Nasdaq notifying us that we had not regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement as of February 20, 2023
and that we were not eligible for a second 180-day extension period, and that accordingly our common stock would be delisted unless we
were to appeal successfully to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. The Nasdaq Staff s letter specifically noted that the Company does not comply
with the stockholders equity initial listing requirement for the Nasdaq Capital Market. The total market value of the Company s
listed securities also remains below the 35 million requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). 

We have appealed the
delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel, which hearing is currently scheduled for April 6, 2023. In our submission to Nasdaq,
we outlined our plans and requested additional time to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule, the MVLS Rule and other applicable requirements.
There can be no assurance that the Nasdaq hearings panel will decide in our favor and provide additional time for us to pursue the proposed
business combination and related financing transactions or otherwise to regain compliance with the requirements for continued listing
on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Even if our appeal
before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel is successful, if we fail to regain and maintain compliance with the requirements for continued listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market during any extension period that may be granted by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel in its discretion, our common
stock will be subject to suspension from trading and delisting, which would adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock and our
ability to raise additional capital. 

Delisting from Nasdaq
could adversely affect our ability to consummate a strategic transaction, including the proposed business combination with the Partner
Company, and raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities and would significantly affect the ability
of investors to trade our securities and negatively affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. 

If our common stock has a closing
bid price of 0.10 or less for any ten consecutive trading days our common stock may be subject to immediate delisting from the Nasdaq
Capital Market. 

While there is a
grace period of 180 days to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule and MVLS Rule, our common stock may be subject to immediate delisting
from the Nasdaq Capital Market if our common stock has a closing bid price of 0.10 or less for any ten consecutive trading days. As of
March 16, 2023, the closing bid price for our common stock was 0.16. 

Even if we regain compliance with
the Bid Price Rule and the MVLS Rule, Nasdaq may subsequently delist our common stock if we fail to comply with ongoing listing standards
going forward. 

The Nasdaq Capital
Market s rules for listed companies require us to meet certain financial, public float, bid price and liquidity standards on an
ongoing basis in order to continue the listing of our common stock. In addition to specific listing and maintenance standards, the Nasdaq
Capital Market has broad discretionary authority over the continued listing of securities, which it could exercise with respect to the
listing of our common stock. 

As a listed company,
we are required to meet the continued listing requirements applicable to all Nasdaq Capital Market companies. Even if we were to regain
compliance with the Bid Price Rule and the MVLS Rule previously described, if we fail to meet any Nasdaq Capital Market listing requirement
going forward, our common stock may be subject to delisting, as applied by the Nasdaq Capital Market in its discretion. If our common
stock is delisted in the future, it is not likely that we will be able to list our common stock on another national securities exchange
on a timely basis or at all and, as a result, we expect our securities would be quoted on an over-the-counter market; however, if this
were to occur, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including limited availability of market quotations
for our common stock and reduced liquidity for the trading of our securities. In addition, in the event of such delisting, we could experience
a decreased ability to issue additional securities and obtain additional financing in the future. Delisting could also have other negative
results, including the potential loss of confidence by employees and the loss of institutional investor interest. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities. Because our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, shares of
our common stock qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities,
the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. Further, if we were no longer listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation
in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Further, there can
be no assurance that an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained despite our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

We will be required to complete
a reverse stock split to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules and we cannot predict the effect that any reverse stock split will
have on the market price for shares of our common stock. 

The compliance plan
that we submitted for consideration by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel contemplates, among other initiatives, that we will complete a reverse
stock split in order to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. We cannot predict the effect that a reverse stock split will have on
the market price for shares of our common stock, and the history of similar reverse stock splits for companies in like circumstances has
varied. Some investors may have a negative view of a reverse stock split. Even if a reverse stock split has a positive effect on the market
price for shares of our common stock, performance of our business and financial results, general economic conditions and the market perception
of our business, and other adverse factors which may not be in our control could lead to a decrease in the price of our common stock following
the reverse stock split. 

Furthermore, even
if the reverse stock split does result in an increased market price per share of our common stock, the market price per share following
the reverse stock split may not increase in proportion to the reduction of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding before
the implementation of the reverse stock split. Accordingly, even with an increased market price per share, the total market capitalization
of shares of our common stock after a reverse stock split could be lower than the total market capitalization before the reverse stock
split. Also, even if there is an initial increase in the market price per share of our common stock after a reverse stock split, the market
price may not remain at that level. 

If the market price
of shares of our common stock declines following a reverse stock split, the percentage decline as an absolute number and as a percentage
of our overall market capitalization may be greater than would occur in the absence of the reverse stock split due to decreased liquidity
in the market for our common stock. Accordingly, the total market capitalization of our common stock following the reverse stock split
could be lower than the total market capitalization before the reverse stock split. 

Risks Related to our Strategic Realignment
Plan 

Our forward-looking business operations
are dependent on our ability to successfully execute our strategic realignment plan, raise additional capital and manage our liabilities
in a way that permits us to continue as a going concern. If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we may elect or be
required to seek Bankruptcy Protection. 

As previously disclosed,
topline results from the ACTIV-5/BET-B trial did not achieve statistical significance on the primary endpoint. As a result, we have deemphasized
the deployment of certain resources for the development of lenzilumab for COVID-19 as per the strategic realignment of our pipeline and
resources, as announced in July 2022. In accordance with our strategic realignment plan, among other things, we have accelerated the development
of lenzilumab in CMML, a rare blood cancer, for which the PREACH-M study is already underway, and continued our plans for the RATinG study
in aGvHD, for which we anticipate the first patient to be dosed in the second quarter of 2023. We also intend to assess and support further
clinical assessment of lenzilumab for prevention of CAR-T therapy related toxicities and potential improvement in durable efficacy through
an IIT. In accordance with our strategic realignment plan, we have significantly reduced our go-forward, cash-based research and development
and general and administrative expenses. Accordingly, our forward-looking business operations are dependent on our ability to raise additional
capital and manage our liabilities to certain contract manufacturing and other partners in such a way as to permit us to execute our strategic
realignment plan. If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we may not be able to continue our operations as a going concern
and may elect or be required to seek Bankruptcy Protection. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Our forward-looking business operations
will primarily depend on the success of lenzilumab as a therapy for CMML, aGvHD and other non-COVID-19 related indications for lenzilumab
and oncology indications for ifabotuzumab, all of which are in the early stages of development and are several years from potential commercialization.
We do not anticipate any cash flow from product revenues in the foreseeable future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain
regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, any of our product candidates for these or any other indications. 

We have a limited
pipeline of product candidates and we do not plan to conduct active research at this time for discovery of new molecules or antibodies.
We are currently focused on executing our strategic realignment plan, which contemplates investigator-initiated studies of lenzilumab
as a therapy for CMML and other non-COVID-19 related indications, including aGvHD and CAR-T therapy, and our limited work around oncology
indications for ifabotuzumab. The recent realignment of our pipeline may make it more difficult for investors to be able to evaluate our
business and prospects. 

Our current development
programs for lenzilumab, including our lead development programs for lenzilumab in CMML and aGvHD, and for ifabotuzumab are in the early
stages of development and will require substantial clinical development, testing, and regulatory approval prior to commercialization.
Accordingly, we do not anticipate any cash flow from product revenues in the foreseeable future. With our development pipeline in the
early stages, we need to obtain additional financing to execute our strategic realignment plan and continue as a going concern. 

We will need to successfully
enroll and complete clinical trials with lenzilumab for CMML, aGvHD and CAR-T therapy, and with ifabotuzumab, and obtain regulatory approval
or other expedited authorization to market these products. With respect to the ongoing PREACH-M study of lenzilumab for the treatment
of high-risk CMML, there can be no assurance that additional patients will be enrolled in the PREACH-M study, that the interim results
will be favorable or that regulatory authorities will agree that a modified trial design will be sufficient for registration and approval.
In addition, recruitment for the RATinG study of lenzilumab in aGvHD was previously halted due to an administrative issue. Although recruitment
has since resumed and we anticipate the first patient to be dosed in this study in the second quarter of 2023, any additional delays or
halts in the recruitment of additional patients in this study or otherwise may impact the ability of the sponsor to complete this clinical
trial on a timely basis or at all. 

The future clinical,
regulatory and commercial success of our realigned strategic plan for lenzilumab and ifabotuzumab is subject to a number of risks, including
the following: 

The sponsors of the studies may not be able to enroll adequate numbers of eligible patients
 in the clinical trials proposed to be conducted; 

we may not have sufficient financial and other resources to fund our obligations under
 these collaborations; 

we will not control the conduct, timing or release of data from the studies sponsored
 by investigators; 

we may not be able to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy for our product
 candidates; 

the results of our clinical trials or collaborations may not meet the level of statistical
 or clinical significance, or product safety, required to move to the next stage of development or, ultimately, obtain marketing approval
 from applicable regulatory authorities; 

we may not be able to obtain, maintain and enforce our patents and other intellectual
 property rights; and 

we may not be able to obtain and maintain commercial manufacturing arrangements with third-party
 manufacturers or establish commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities. 

In addition, delays
related to the initiation of planned and future clinical trials, interruptions in the supply of raw materials or products, delay in the
collection of clinical trial data, and impaired regulatory activities may impact our ability, or the ability of our partners, to complete
clinical trials. There can be no assurance that our product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. If we or any
future development partners are unable to develop, or obtain regulatory approval for or, if approved, successfully commercialize one or
more of our product candidates, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Furthermore, even
if we do receive regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, any such approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated
uses for which we may market the product. If any of our product candidates are unsuccessful, that could have a substantial negative impact
on our business. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

A significant portion of our total
outstanding shares are, or may be, eligible to be sold into the market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our common
stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

Sales of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares
intend to sell shares, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our future ability to obtain capital, especially
through an offering of equity securities. In addition, holders of a substantial number of shares of our common stock have rights, subject
to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration
statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. 

In addition, certain
shares of our common stock that are currently outstanding but have not been registered for resale may currently be sold under Rule 144
of the Securities Act. Sales of a substantial number of these shares in the public market, or the perception that those sales may occur,
could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Any material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting that we may identify in the future could adversely affect investor confidence, impair the value of our
common stock and increase our cost of raising capital. 

If we were to identify
any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting in the future, our operating results
might be harmed, we may fail to meet our reporting obligations or fail to prevent or detect material misstatements in our financial statements.
Any such failure could, in turn, affect the future ability of our management to certify that internal control over our financial reporting
is effective. Inferior internal control over financial reporting could also subject us to the scrutiny of the SEC and other regulatory
bodies which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and could subject us to civil or criminal
penalties or stockholder litigation, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the market price of our common
stock. 

In addition, if we
or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, the disclosure
of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market s confidence in our financial statements and harm our share price.
Furthermore, deficiencies could result in future non-compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such non-compliance
could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions, including review by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

We have never paid and do not intend
to pay cash dividends and, consequently, the ability to achieve a return on any investment in our common stock will depend on appreciation
in the price of our common stock. 

We have never paid
cash dividends on any of our capital stock, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth
of our business. Therefore, a holder of our stock is not likely to receive any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.
Since we do not intend to pay dividends, the ability to receive a return on an investment in our common stock will depend on any future
appreciation in the market value of our common stock. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate or even maintain the
price at which it was purchased. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our
charter documents and Delaware law, could discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading
price of our common stock. 

We are a Delaware
corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control
by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person
becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter ), and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our Charter
and Bylaws: 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors, including newly created directorships,
 may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 

do not provide stockholders with the ability to cumulate their votes; and 

require advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals. 

In addition, our
Charter permits the Board to issue up to 25 million shares of preferred stock with such powers, rights, terms and conditions as may be
designated by the Board upon the issuance of shares of preferred stock at one or more times in the future. Specifically, the Charter permits
the Board to approve the future issuance of all or any shares of the preferred stock in one or more series, to determine the number of
shares constituting any series and to determine any voting powers, conversion rights, dividend rights, and other designations, preferences,
limitations, restrictions and rights relating to such shares without any further authorization by our stockholders. The Board s
power to issue preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our
company that might otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 

Other Risks Related to Our Business
and Industry 

The adoption of CAR-T therapies
as the potential standard of care for treatment of certain cancers is uncertain, and dependent on the efforts of a limited number of market
entrants, and if not adopted as anticipated, the market for lenzilumab in the context of a companion treatment alongside CAR-T therapies
or next-generation gene-edited CAR-T therapies may be limited or not develop. 

Through an IIT being
led by Mayo Clinic, we are seeking to advance the development of lenzilumab to address, among other things, the serious and potentially
fatal side effects, specifically ICANS and CRS, associated with CAR-T therapies and to improve the efficacy of these treatments. We, through
our collaboration with Mayo Clinic, are also working to create next-generation gene-edited CAR-T therapies using GM-CSF gene knockout
technologies. Although six CAR-T therapies have been approved by FDA to date, the use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment
is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others
in the medical community. 

If the medical and
payer community is not sufficiently persuaded of the safety, efficacy and cost-effectiveness of CAR-T therapy and the potential advantages
of using lenzilumab compared to existing and future therapeutics, and there is not significant market acceptance of CAR-T therapy as the
standard of care for treatment of certain cancers, the market for lenzilumab in the context of a companion treatment alongside CAR-T therapies
or next-generation gene-edited CAR-T therapies may be limited or not develop. 

CAR-T therapies currently in early
development purport to incorporate technology that may minimize or eliminate the adverse side-effects, such as ICANS and CRS, and improve
on efficacy, that we believe have impaired the uptake of the approved CAR-T therapies. If these developing therapies are proven safer
and equally or more efficacious in their proposed indications and approved for use by FDA and other regulatory agencies, the market growth
for the currently approved CAR-T therapies may be limited, impairing demand for lenzilumab as a companion therapy alongside CAR-T therapy. 

In recent years,
several biotechnology companies describing business plans focusing on development of CAR-T therapies have described their belief that
their therapies will not result in the same level of ICANS or CRS as has been experienced in use of previously FDA-approved CAR-T therapies.
If new CAR-T therapies with lower occurrences of CRS and ICANS are approved, the market for lenzilumab in conjunction with CAR-T therapy
may be diminished. Any such failure of a market for lenzilumab to develop could adversely affect uptake of lenzilumab. In addition, if
new CAR-T therapies that offer improved efficacy, either with or without improved safety, are approved, the market for lenzilumab which
is used in conjunction with CAR-T therapy may be diminished if such CAR-T therapy is used in preference to existing CAR-T therapy. For
more information regarding FDA-approved CAR-T therapies, see Item 1. Business Lenzilumab in CAR-T. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

There is a limited amount of information
about us upon which investors can evaluate our product candidates and business prospects, including because we have recently implemented
a strategic realignment of our pipeline, have a limited operating history developing product candidates, and we have not yet successfully
commercialized any products, and have a relatively small management team. 

Our primary focus
is developing our proprietary monoclonal antibody portfolio, primarily lenzilumab and iFab. Our limited operating history developing clinical-stage
product candidates may make it more difficult for us to succeed or for investors to be able to evaluate our business and prospects. In
addition, we have limited experience in development activities, or seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals, even though our executives
have had relevant experience at other companies. We currently have six full-time employees and therefore are heavily dependent on external
consultants and expert vendors for clinical, scientific, contract manufacturing and regulatory expertise. To execute our business plan,
we will need to successfully: 

execute our product candidate development activities, including successfully completing
 our clinical trial programs, including those conducted under our collaborations and partnerships; 

obtain required regulatory approvals or authorizations for the development and commercialization
 of our product candidates; 

manage our costs and expenses related to clinical trials, regulatory approvals, manufacturing
 and commercialization; 

secure substantial additional funding; 

develop and maintain successful strategic relationships; 

build and maintain a strong intellectual property portfolio; 

build and maintain appropriate clinical, sales, manufacturing, distribution, and marketing
 capabilities on our own or through third parties; and 

gain market acceptance and favorable reimbursement status for our product candidates. 

If we are unsuccessful
in accomplishing these objectives, we may not be able to develop product candidates, raise capital, expand our business, or continue our
operations. 

In addition to our collaborations
with the Mayo Clinic, IMPACT Partnership, SAHMRI and the University of Adelaide, and the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Research Centre, we
may, in the future, seek to enter into collaborations with other third parties for the discovery, development and commercialization of
our product candidates. If our collaborators cease development efforts under our collaboration agreements, or if any of those agreements
are terminated, these collaborations may fail to lead to commercial products, and we may never receive milestone payments or future royalties
under these agreements. 

We may in the future
seek to enter into agreements with other third-party collaborators for research, development and commercialization of our therapeutic
technologies or product candidates. Biopharmaceutical companies are our likely future collaborators for any marketing, distribution, development,
licensing, or broader collaboration arrangements. If we fail to enter into future collaborations on commercially reasonable terms, or
at all, or such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to execute our strategy to develop our product candidates or therapies
that we believe could benefit from the resources of either larger biopharmaceutical companies or those specialized in a particular area
of relevance. 

With respect to our
existing collaboration agreements, we have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to
the development or commercialization of our product candidates. Moreover, our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will
depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. 

Collaborations involving our product candidates
pose the following risks to us, among others: 

collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that
 they will apply to these collaborations; 

31 

 Table of Contents 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates
 or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on preclinical studies or clinical trial results,
 changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources
 or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial
 program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a
 product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that
 compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be
 successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit
 sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or
 may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property
 or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability; 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may
 expose us to litigation and potential liability; 

disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination
 of the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts
 management attention and resources; and 

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional
 capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 

As a result of the
foregoing, our current and any future collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of our product candidates
in the most efficient manner or at all. Any failure to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates pursuant to our current
or any future collaboration agreements could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

Moreover, to the extent
that any of our existing or future collaborators were to terminate a collaboration agreement, we may be forced to independently develop
these product candidates, including funding preclinical studies or clinical trials, assuming marketing and distribution costs and defending
intellectual property rights, or, in certain instances, abandon product candidates altogether, any of which could result in a change to
our business plan and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We have relied and may in the future
rely on third parties to conduct IITs of our products, which is cost-effective for us but affords the investigators the ability to retain
significant control over the design and conduct of the trials, as well as the use of the data generated from their efforts. 

We have relied and
may in the future rely on third parties to conduct and sponsor clinical trials relating to lenzilumab, our GM-CSF gene knockout platform
and our other immunotherapy product candidates, iFab and HGEN005. Such IITs may provide us with valuable clinical data that can inform
our future development strategy in a cost-efficient manner, but we do not control the design or conduct of the IITs, and it is possible
that FDA or non-US regulatory authorities will not view these IITs as providing adequate support for future clinical trials, whether controlled
by us or third parties, for any one or more reasons, including elements of the design or execution of the trials or safety concerns or
other trial results. 

These arrangements
provide us limited information rights with respect to the IITs, including access to and the ability to use and reference the data, including
for our own regulatory filings, resulting from the IITs. However, we would not have control over the timing and reporting of the data
from IITs, nor would we own the data from the IITs. If we are unable to confirm or replicate the results from the IITs or if negative
results are obtained, we would likely be further delayed or prevented from advancing further clinical development. Further, if investigators
or institutions breach their obligations with respect to the clinical development of our product candidates, or if the data proves to
be inadequate compared to the first-hand knowledge we might have gained had the IITs been sponsored and conducted by us, then our ability
to design and conduct any future clinical trials ourselves may be adversely affected. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

If the third parties conducting
our clinical trials do not conduct the trials in accordance with our agreements with them, our ability to pursue our clinical development
programs could be delayed or unsuccessful and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates
when expected or at all. 

We do not have the
ability to conduct all aspects of our preclinical testing or clinical trials ourselves. Therefore, the timing of the initiation and completion
of these trials is uncertain and may occur on substantially different timing from our estimates. We also use Contract Research Organizations CROs to conduct our clinical trials and rely on medical institutions, clinical investigators, CROs, and consultants to
conduct our trials in accordance with our clinical protocols and regulatory requirements. Our CROs, investigators, and other third parties
play a significant role in the conduct of these trials and subsequent collection and analysis of data. 

There is no guarantee
that CROs, investigators, or other third parties on which we rely for administration and conduct of our clinical trials will devote adequate
time and resources to such trials or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fails to meet expected deadlines,
fails to adhere to our clinical protocols, or otherwise performs in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed,
or terminated. If any of our clinical trial sites terminates for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up information on subjects
enrolled in our ongoing clinical trials unless we are able to transfer those subjects to another qualified clinical trial site. In addition,
principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time-to-time and may receive
cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived
or actual conflicts of interest, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be jeopardized. 

We may experience delays in commencing
or conducting our clinical trials, in receiving data from third parties or in the continuation or completion of clinical testing, which
could result in increased costs to us, delay our ability to generate product candidate revenue or, ultimately, render us unable to complete
the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

We have product candidates
in clinical development and preclinical development. To obtain marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any product
candidate, we must complete preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy
of our product candidates in humans. Before we can initiate clinical trials in the US for any new product candidates, we are required
to submit the results of preclinical testing to FDA as part of an IND application, along with other information including information
about product candidate chemistry, manufacturing, and controls and our proposed clinical trial protocol. 

In order to continue
with our testing programs already underway, we are required to report or provide information to appropriate regulatory authorities, and
any failure to timely submit such reports or information will delay our plans for our clinical trials. If third parties conducting our
trials do not make the required data available to us, we will likely have to identify and contract with another third party or develop
necessary preclinical and clinical data on our own, which will lead to significant delays. In addition, FDA may require us to conduct
additional preclinical testing for any product candidate before it allows us to initiate clinical testing under any IND application, which
may lead to additional delays. Moreover, despite the presence of an active IND application for a product candidate, clinical trials can
be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: 

identifying, recruiting, enrolling and retaining or replacing qualified subjects to participate
 in a clinical trial, which may be slower than anticipated due to the number of companies and institutions competing for subjects in clinical
 studies with similar patient populations; 

identifying, recruiting, and training suitable clinical investigators; 

reaching agreements on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites, the terms
 of which can be subject to extensive negotiation, may be subject to modification from time-to-time, and may vary significantly among different
 CROs and trial sites; 

obtaining and maintaining sufficient quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical
 trials; 

obtaining and maintaining Institutional Review Board IRB or ethics committee
 approval to conduct a clinical trial at an existing or prospective site; 

33 

 Table of Contents 

developing any companion diagnostic necessary to ensure the study enrolls the target population; 

being required by FDA to add more patients or sites or to conduct additional trials; or 

FDA placing a clinical trial on hold. 

Clinical trials may
also be delayed as a result of ambiguous or negative interim results. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us,
an IRB, an ethics committee, or a data safety monitoring committee overseeing the clinical trial, any of our clinical trial sites with
respect to that site, or FDA or other regulatory authorities, due to several factors, including unforeseen safety issues, known safety
issues that occur at a greater frequency or severity than we anticipate, any determination that the clinical trial presents unacceptable
health risks, or lack of adequate funding. 

Any delays in our
clinical trials may delay or preclude our ability to further develop or pursue regulatory approval for our product candidates. Changes
in US and foreign regulatory requirements and guidance also may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these
changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for re-examination, which may affect the costs, timing,
and likelihood of a successful completion of a clinical trial. 

If we are required
to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are
unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are
not positive or do not meet the standard for acceptability by regulatory authorities or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; 

not obtain marketing approval or expedited marketing approval at all; 

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended
 or desired; 

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions
 or safety warnings; 

be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or 

have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Our product development
costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or in obtaining marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our preclinical
studies or clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. We may also
determine to change the design or protocol of one or more of our clinical trials, including to add additional arms or patient populations,
which could result in increased costs and expenses and/or delays. If we or any future development partners experience delays in the completion
of, or if we or any future development partners must terminate, any clinical trial of any product candidate, our ability to obtain regulatory
approval for that product candidate will be delayed and the commercial prospects, if any, for the product candidate may suffer as a result.
Significant preclinical study or clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to
commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully
commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 

Interim, top-line, ad-hoc, retrospective,
exploratory or preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time-to-time may change as more patient data
become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

From time-to-time,
we may publicly disclose preliminary, top-line or other data from clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available
data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a full analysis of all data related to the
particular trial. We may also seek to publish additional ad-hoc, retrospective or exploratory data. We also make assumptions, estimations,
calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to evaluate all data
fully and carefully. As a result, such results that we report may differ from future results of the same trials, or different conclusions
or considerations may qualify such results once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Such data also remain subject
to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously
published. As a result, interim, top-line, or preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Such
data from clinical trials are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment
continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between such data and final data could significantly harm our business
prospects. Further, disclosure of interim, top-line or preliminary data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the
price of shares of our common stock and dramatic spikes in trading volume. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, others,
including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret
or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization
of the particular product candidate or product, and our business in general. FDA s action to decline our initial request for EUA
for lenzilumab in COVID-19 patients represents a manifestation of this risk. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose
or to publish via a preprint publication regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information,
and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure,
and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views,
activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug, product candidate, or our business. If the top-line data that we report differ from
actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval
for and commercialize our current or any of our future product candidate, our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition
may be harmed. 

Our business could target benefits
from various regulatory incentives, such as orphan drug exclusivity, breakthrough therapy designation, fast track designation, and priority
review, but we may not ultimately qualify for or benefit from these incentives. 

We may seek various
regulatory incentives, such as orphan drug exclusivity, breakthrough therapy designation, fast track designation, accelerated approval,
priority review and Priority Review Vouchers PRVs ), where available, that provide for certain periods of exclusivity, expedited
review and/or other benefits, and we may also seek similar designations elsewhere in the world. Often, regulatory agencies have broad
discretion in determining whether or not products qualify for such regulatory incentives and benefits. We cannot guarantee that we will
be able to receive orphan drug status from FDA or equivalent regulatory designations elsewhere. We also cannot guarantee that we will
obtain breakthrough therapy or fast track designation, which may provide certain potential benefits such as more frequent meetings with
FDA to discuss the development plan, intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program, and potential eligibility for rolling
review or priority review. Legislative developments in the US, including proposed legislation that would restrict eligibility for PRVs,
may affect our ability to qualify for these programs in the future. 

Even if we are successful
in obtaining beneficial regulatory designations by FDA or any other regulatory agency for our product candidates, such designations may
not lead to faster development or regulatory review or approval and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will
receive marketing approval. We may not be able to obtain or maintain such designations for our product candidates, and our competitors
may obtain these designations for their product candidates, which could impact our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates
or compete with such competitors, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our product candidates are subject
to extensive regulation, compliance with which is costly and time consuming, may cause unanticipated delays, may prevent the receipt of
the required approvals to commercialize our product candidates, or may result in substantial harm to our business if we fail to comply
with these requirements. 

The clinical development,
approval, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing, and distribution of our
product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by FDA in the US and by comparable authorities in foreign markets. In the US, we
are not permitted to market our product candidates until we receive regulatory approval or other expedited authorization, such as EUA,
from FDA. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years, and can vary substantially based upon the
type, complexity, and novelty of the products involved, as well as the target indications. Approval policies or regulations may change,
and FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit, or deny approval of a product
candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of product candidates, regulatory approval is
never guaranteed. FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit, or deny approval of a product candidate for
many reasons, including: 

such authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our or any future development
 partners clinical trials; 

35 

 Table of Contents 

such authorities may not accept clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical
 facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from the US; 

the results of clinical trials may not demonstrate the safety or efficacy required by
 such authorities for approval; 

we or any future development partners may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s
 clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

such authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies
 or clinical trials; 

such authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of
 third-party manufacturers with which we or any future development partners contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or 

the approval policies or regulations of such authorities may significantly change in a
 manner rendering our or any future development partners clinical data insufficient for approval. 

With respect to foreign
markets, approval procedures vary widely among countries and, in addition to the aforementioned risks, can involve additional product
testing, administrative review periods, and agreements with pricing authorities. In addition, events raising questions about the safety
of certain marketed pharmaceuticals may result in increased caution by FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in reviewing
new drugs based on safety, efficacy or other regulatory considerations and may result in significant delays in obtaining regulatory approvals.
Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approvals may delay or prevent us or any future development partners
from commercializing our product candidates. 

If we receive regulatory
approval for our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory oversight and review, such
as continued safety reporting requirements, and we may also be subject to additional FDA post-marketing obligations. If we are not able
to maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to market our product candidates, may be subject to product recalls, import
and export restrictions or seizures, and/or may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties. 

The results of preclinical studies
and early clinical trials are not always predictive of future results. Any product candidate we or any future development partners advance
into clinical trials may not have favorable results in later clinical trials, if any, or receive regulatory approval. 

Drug development has
substantial inherent risk. We or any future development partners will be required to demonstrate through adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials that our product candidates are effective, with a favorable benefit-risk profile, for use in their target populations
for their intended indications before we can seek regulatory approvals for their commercial sale. Drug development is a long, expensive
and uncertain process, and delay or failure can occur at any stage of development, including after commencement of any of our clinical
trials. Success in early clinical trials does not mean that later clinical trials will be successful because product candidates in later-stage
clinical trials may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety or efficacy despite having progressed through initial clinical testing. Furthermore,
our future trials will need to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy for approval by regulatory authorities in larger patient populations.
Companies frequently suffer significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after earlier clinical trials have shown promising
results. In addition, only a small percentage of drugs under development result in the submission of an NDA or BLA to FDA, and even fewer
are approved for commercialization. 

We face risks associated with clinical
operations abroad, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and we may not be able to receive conditional
marketing or other approvals for our product candidates in markets outside the US. 

Partners are conducting
or planning to conduct clinical trials involving lenzilumab in the UK, Korea and Australia, as well as potentially in other countries.
We have not received any authorization or approval to sell our product candidates in any country but would expect to commence commercial
operations, through a partner or on our own, only after such authorization or approval were received. As with our development programs
in the US, our product candidates must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction to which we may
apply for approval and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation by regulatory agencies in other countries. Any future marketing
applications we file may not be approved by the regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all. Even if marketing approval is granted
for these products, there may be significant limitations on their use. We cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our product
candidates under development will be approved by any foreign regulators or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or acquire
additional product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

International operations
involve risks that are different from those faced in the US and would subject us to complex and frequently changing laws and regulations,
including differing labor laws, such as the United Kingdom UK Modern Slavery Act. In addition, operations abroad are accompanied
by certain financial, political, economic and other risks, including those listed below: 

Foreign Currency Exchange: Operations internationally may subject us to risks related
 to foreign currency exchange risks as we make payments, or incur obligations, denominated in foreign currencies. We cannot predict future
 fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates of the US dollar. If the US dollar appreciates significantly against certain currencies
 and our practices do not sufficiently offset the effects of such appreciation, our results of operations would be adversely affected,
 and our stock price may decline. 

Anti-Bribery: We are subject to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide
 anti-bribery laws that will govern our international operations with respect to payments to government officials. Our international operations
 would be heavily regulated and require significant interaction with foreign officials. In certain circumstances, strict compliance with
 anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which
 may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than local custom. In addition, despite our efforts, our policies and procedures
 may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by persons who act on our behalf. Enforcement activities under anti-bribery
 laws could subject us to administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil and criminal sanctions, including
 monetary penalties and exclusion from health care programs. 

Other risks inherent in conducting foreign
operations include: 

International operations, including any use of third-party manufacturers, distributors,
 CROs and collaboration arrangements outside the US, expose us to increased risk of theft of our intellectual property and other proprietary
 technology, particularly in jurisdictions with less robust intellectual property protections than the US, as well as restrictive government
 actions against our intellectual property and other foreign assets such as nationalization, expropriation or the imposition of compulsory
 licenses. 

We may be subject to protective economic policies taken by foreign governments, such as
 trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements, which may result in the imposition of trade sanctions or similar
 restrictions by the US or other governments. 

Our foreign operations, third-party manufacturers, CROs or strategic partners could be
 subject to business interruptions for which we or they may be uninsured or inadequately insured. 

Our operations may also be adversely affected if there is political instability or disruption
 in any other geographic region where we may have operations, which could impact our ability to do business in those areas. 

If we were to encounter
any of these risks, our foreign operations may be adversely affected, which could have an adverse effect on our overall business and results
of operations. 

If we fail to attract and retain
key management and clinical development personnel, or if the attention of such personnel is diverted, we may be unable to successfully
manage our business and develop or commercialize our product candidates. 

We will need to effectively
manage our managerial, operational, financial, and other resources in order to successfully pursue our clinical development and commercialization
efforts. As a company with a limited number of personnel, we are heavily affected by turnover and highly dependent on the expertise of
the members of our senior management. If we are unable to provide competitive compensation to these employees, it may be difficult to
retain them. For 2022, the Board of Directors froze the salary levels of all employees; however, stock option grants were awarded for
2022 and were intended to enhance the Company s ability to retain its executive officers and provide them continuing incentives
to execute against our strategic realignment plan. There can be no assurance that these decisions will not have a negative impact on the
retention of our employees. Furthermore, we rely on third party consultants for a variety of services. We cannot predict the impact of
the loss of such individuals or the loss of services of any of our other senior management, should they occur, or the difficulty in replacing
such individuals. Such losses could delay or prevent the further development and potential commercialization of our product candidates
and, if we are not successful in finding suitable replacements, could harm our business. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

If our competitors develop similar
or comparable treatments for the target indications of our product candidates that are approved more quickly, marketed more successfully
or are demonstrated to be safer or more effective than our product candidates, or if FDA approves generic or biosimilar competitors to
our products post-approval, our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. 

We compete in an
industry characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, a changing regulatory and legislative landscape and a strong
emphasis on the benefits of intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivities. Our competitors include pharmaceutical companies,
other biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other private and public research organizations. We compete
with these parties in immunotherapy and oncology treatments and in recruiting highly qualified personnel. Our product candidates, if successfully
developed and approved, may compete with established therapies, with new treatments that may be introduced by our competitors, including
competitors relying on our biologics approvals under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act, or with generic copies of our products
approved by FDA under an abbreviated new drug application ANDA ), referencing our drug products. We believe that competitors
are actively developing competing products to our product candidates. See Item 1. Business Competition for a discussion
of competition with respect to our current product candidates. 

Many of our competitors
and potential competitors have substantially greater scientific, research, and product development capabilities, as well as greater financial,
marketing, sales and human resources capabilities than we do. In addition, many specialized biotechnology firms have formed collaborations
with large, established companies to support the research, development and commercialization of products that may be competitive with
ours. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful with respect to their products than we may be in developing, commercializing,
and achieving widespread market acceptance for our products. If a competitor obtains approval for an orphan drug that is the same drug
or the same biologic as one of our candidates before we do, we will be blocked from obtaining FDA approval for seven years from the date
of the competitor s product, unless we can establish that our product is clinically superior to the previously-approved competitor s
product or we can meet another exception, such as by showing that the competitor has failed to provide an adequate supply of its product
to patients after approval. In addition, our competitors products may be more effective or more effectively marketed and sold than
any treatment we or our development partners may commercialize and may render our product candidates obsolete or non-competitive before
we can recover the expenses related to developing and supporting the commercialization of any of our product candidates. Developments
by competitors may render our product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive. After one of our product candidates is approved, FDA may
also approve a generic version with the same dosage form, safety, strength, route of administration, quality, performance characteristics
and intended use as our product. These generic equivalents would be less costly to bring to market and could generally be offered at lower
prices, thereby limiting our ability to gain or retain market share. 

The acquisition or
licensing of pharmaceutical products is also very competitive, and a number of more established companies, which have acknowledged strategies
to in-license or acquire products, may have competitive advantages as may other emerging companies taking similar or different approaches
to product acquisitions. The more established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash flows, institutional
experience and historical corporate reputation. 

We are subject to a multitude of
manufacturing risks, any of which could substantially increase our costs and limit supply of our products and rely completely on third
parties to manufacture drug product, which could adversely impact our business. 

The process of manufacturing
our products is complex, costly, highly regulated, and subject to several risks. As such, we have no present plan or intention of developing
in-house manufacturing capabilities for nonclinical, clinical or commercial scale production, and are wholly dependent on third party
contract manufacturers for the timely supply of adequate quantities of our products which meet or exceed requisite quality and production
standards for use in clinical and nonclinical studies. Our dependence on CMOs increases our manufacturing risks, including the possible
breach of the manufacturing agreement by the CMO, the possible cancellation, delay or modification of any contracted manufacturing slots
by the CMO, or the termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the CMO at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us, and could adversely
affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis. In addition, in order to balance risk and conserve
financial and human resources, we have and may continue from time-to-time to defer commitment to production of product, which could result
in delays to the continued progress of our clinical and nonclinical testing. 

We, and our CMOs,
must comply with extensive Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP regulations and are subject to inspections by FDA and comparable
agencies in other jurisdictions to confirm compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. If, as a result of these inspections, a
regulatory authority determines that the equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable regulations and
conditions of product approval, the regulatory authority may suspend the manufacturing operations. Suppliers of key components and materials
must also be named in the EUA, BLA or other marketing authorization application filed with the regulatory authority for any product candidate
for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. Foreign
agencies have not inspected the Catalent site in Madison, WI. This site is the primary source of BDS for lenzilumab. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

We, and our CMOs,
may encounter difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified personnel. Any
failure to follow cGMP or other regulatory requirements or any delay, interruption or other issues that arise in the manufacture, fill-finish,
packaging, or storage of our products as a result of a failure of our or our CMOs facilities, could significantly impair our ability
to develop and commercialize our products, including leading to significant delays in the availability of products for our clinical studies
or the termination or hold of a clinical study, or the delay or prevention of a filing or approval of marketing applications for our product
candidates. Further, we may have to pay the costs of manufacturing any batch produced by a CMO that fails to pass quality inspection or
meet regulatory approval. 

Significant noncompliance
with manufacturing regulations could also result in the imposition of sanctions, including injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory
authorities to grant marketing approvals for our product candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation,
seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions, adverse publicity, and criminal prosecutions, any of which could damage our reputation.
If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to market our products and/or may be subject to product
recalls, seizures, injunctions, or criminal prosecution. Any adverse developments affecting manufacturing operations for our products
may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls, or other interruptions in the supply
of our products. Once our product candidates are approved, we may also have to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses
for products that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. 

In addition, the
manufacturing facilities in which our products are made could be adversely affected by equipment failures, plant closures, capacity constraints,
competing customer priorities or changes in corporate strategy or priorities, process changes or failures, changes in business models
or operations, materials or labor shortages, natural disasters, power failures and numerous other factors. 

Our third-party manufacturers
are independent entities subject to their own unique operational and financial risks that are out of our control. Additionally, our third-party
manufacturers may only be able to produce some of our products at one or a limited number of facilities and, therefore, we have limited
manufacturing capacity for certain products, and we may not be able to locate additional or replacement facilities on a reasonable basis
or at all. Our sales of such products could also be adversely impacted by our reliance on such limited number of facilities. To the extent
these risks materialize and affect their performance obligations to us, our financial results may be adversely affected. 

If any product candidate that we
successfully develop does not achieve broad market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers and the medical community,
the revenue that it generates may be limited. 

Even if our product
candidates receive regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers, and the medical
community. Coverage and reimbursement of our product candidates by third-party payers, including government payers, generally is also
necessary for commercial success. The degree of market acceptance of any approved product candidates will depend on several factors, including: 

the
efficacy and safety as demonstrated in clinical trials; 

the
clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved; 

acceptance
by physicians, major operators of hospitals and clinics, and patients of the product candidate as a safe and effective treatment; 

the
potential and perceived advantages of product candidates over alternative treatments; 

the
safety of product candidates seen in a broader patient group, including its use outside the approved indications; 

the
cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; 

39 

 Table of Contents 

the
availability of adequate reimbursement and pricing by payers; 

relative
convenience and ease of administration; 

the
prevalence and severity of adverse events; 

the
effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts; and 

the
ability to manage any unfavorable publicity relating to the product candidate. 

If any product candidate
is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, healthcare payers, and patients, we may not
generate sufficient revenue from that product candidate and may not become or remain commercially attractive as a standalone indication
for that product. 

Reimbursement may be limited or
unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our product candidates
profitably. 

Market acceptance
and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement from
third-party payers for any of our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future health care reform measures. Government
authorities and third-party payers, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs they will
pay for and establish reimbursement levels. Reimbursement by a third-party payer may depend upon a number of factors including the third-party
payer s determination that use of a product candidate is: 

a
covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe,
effective, and medically necessary; 

appropriate
for the specific patient; 

cost-effective;
and 

neither
experimental nor investigational. 

Obtaining coverage
and reimbursement approval for a product candidate from a government or other third-party payer is a time-consuming and costly process
that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical, and cost effectiveness data for the use of our product candidates to
the payer. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement. We cannot be sure
that coverage or adequate reimbursement will be available for any of our product candidates. Also, we cannot be sure that reimbursement
amounts will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our product candidates. If reimbursement is not available or is available only
to limited levels or with restrictions, we may not be able to commercialize certain of our product candidates profitably, or at all, even
if approved. 

In the US and in
certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could affect
our ability to sell our product candidates profitably. In particular, the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 revised the payment methods
for many product candidates under Medicare. This has resulted in lower rates of reimbursement. There have been numerous other federal
and state initiatives designed to reduce payment for pharmaceuticals. 

As a result of legislative
proposals and the trend toward managed health care in the US, third-party payers are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs
by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new drugs. They may also refuse to provide coverage of approved product candidates
for medical indications other than those for which FDA has granted market approvals. As a result, significant uncertainty exists as to
whether and how much third-party payers will reimburse patients for their use of newly approved drugs, which in turn will put pressure
on the pricing of drugs. We could be subject to pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our product candidates due to the trend
toward managed health care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative proposals as well
as country, regional, or local healthcare budget limitations. Similar concerns about the costs of treatment have been raised in Europe,
the United Kingdom and Australia. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

We face potential product liability
exposure and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability for a product candidate and may have to
limit its commercialization. 

The use of our product
candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval expose us to the risk
of product liability claims. Product liability claims may be brought against us or any future development partners by participants enrolled
in our clinical trials, patients, health care providers, or others using, administering, or selling our product candidates. If we cannot
successfully defend ourselves against any such claims, or have insufficient insurance protection, we would incur substantial liabilities.
Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

withdrawal
of clinical trial participants; 

termination
of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

costs
of related litigation; 

substantial
monetary awards to trial participants or other claimants; 

decreased
demand for our product candidates and loss of revenue; 

impairment
of our business reputation; 

diversion
of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and 

the
inability to commercialize our product candidates. 

We have obtained limited
product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials domestically and in selected foreign countries where we are conducting clinical
trials. As such, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us or may not be sufficient to reimburse us for all expenses or losses we may
suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance
coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to product liability. We intend to expand our
insurance coverage for product candidates to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for our product candidates
in development; however, we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any product candidates approved
for marketing. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful
product liability claim or series of claims brought against us, particularly if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease
our working capital and adversely affect our business. 

Our employees and consultants may
engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

We are exposed to
the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees or consultants could include intentional failures to comply with
FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable foreign regulatory authorities, failure to provide accurate information to FDA or
comparable foreign regulatory authorities, failure to comply with manufacturing standards, failure to comply with federal and state healthcare
fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable foreign regulatory authorities,
failure to report financial information or data accurately, violations of anti-bribery laws, or failure to disclose unauthorized activities
to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations
intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a
wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements.
Employee or consultant misconduct could also involve the improper use of confidential information obtained in the course of our business,
which could result in civil or criminal legal actions, regulatory sanctions, or serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics and other corporate policies, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct,
and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses
or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such
laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our
rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant
fines or other sanctions. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

We may encounter difficulties in
managing our growth and expanding our operations successfully . 

As we seek to advance
our product candidates through clinical trials, we will need to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing, and sales
capabilities, and contract with third parties to provide these capabilities for us. If and as our operations expand, we may need to manage
additional relationships with various development partners, suppliers, and other third parties. Future growth will impose significant
added responsibilities on members of management. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates
and to compete effectively will depend in part on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to
manage our development efforts and clinical trials effectively. We may not be able to accomplish these tasks and our failure to accomplish
any of them could prevent us from successfully growing our company. 

We and any current or future development
partners, third-party manufacturers and suppliers may use hazardous materials, and any claims relating to improper handling, storage,
or disposal of these materials could be time consuming or costly. 

We and any current
or future development partners, third-party manufacturers and suppliers may use hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological
agents and compounds that could be dangerous to human health and safety or the environment. Our operations and the operations of our development
partners, third-party manufacturers and suppliers also produce hazardous waste products. Federal, state, and local laws and regulations
govern the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials and wastes. Compliance with applicable environmental
laws and regulations may be expensive and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our product development efforts.
In addition, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. We do not carry specific
biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage and our property, casualty, and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude
coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination
or injury we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials
or regulatory approvals could be suspended. 

Legislative or regulatory healthcare
reforms in the countries where we may seek drug approval may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory approval of
our product candidates and to produce, market, and distribute our products after approval is obtained. 

From time-to-time,
legislation is drafted and introduced in various countries that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulatory
approval, manufacture, and marketing of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, regulatory agency guidance may be
revised or reinterpreted by such agencies in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new regulations or
revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of our current product candidates
or any future product candidates. There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal
and state levels directed at broadening the availability of health care and containing or lowering the overall cost of health care. We
cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed
care organizations, and other payers of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of health care may adversely affect: 

the
demand for any drug products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 

our
ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our product candidates; 

our
ability to gain reimbursement at commercially acceptable levels; 

our
ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; 

the
level of taxes that we are required to pay; and 

the
availability of capital. 

In addition, such changes could, among
other things, require: 

changes
to manufacturing methods; 

additional
studies, including clinical studies; 

42 

 Table of Contents 

recall,
replacement, or discontinuance of one or more of our products; and 

additional
record-keeping. 

Each of these would
likely entail substantial time and cost and could materially harm our business and our financial results. In addition, delays in receipt
of or failure to receive regulatory approvals for any future products would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We and any of our future development
partners will be required to report to regulatory authorities if any of our approved products cause or contribute to adverse medical events,
and any failure to do so would result in sanctions that would materially harm our business. 

If we and any future
development partners are successful in commercializing our products, regulatory authorities would require that we and any future development
partners report certain information about adverse medical events if those products may have caused or contributed to those adverse events.
The timing of our obligation to report would be triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature of the
event. We and any future development partners may fail to report adverse events we become aware of within the prescribed timeframe. We
and any future development partners may also fail to appreciate that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if
it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the use of our products.
If we and any future development partners fail to comply with our reporting obligations, a regulatory authority could take action including
criminal prosecution, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, seizure of our products, or delay in approval or clearance of future
products. 

Our product candidates for which
we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 

With the enactment
of the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or the BPCIA, as part of the Affordable Care Act, an abbreviated pathway
for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biological products was created. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal
authority for FDA to review and approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable 
based on its similarity to an existing brand product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by FDA
until 12 years after the original branded product was approved under a BLA. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented
by FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes
intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial
prospects for our biological products. 

We believe that any
of our product candidates, such as lenzilumab, iFab and/or HGEN005, if approved as biological products under a BLA, should qualify for
the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that FDA will not consider our product candidates to be reference products
for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent
to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional
generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that
are still developing. Finally, there is a risk that the 12-year exclusivity period could be reduced which could negatively affect our
products. 

In addition, foreign
regulatory authorities may also provide for exclusivity periods for approved biological products. For example, biological products in
Europe may be eligible for a 10-year period of exclusivity. However, biosimilar products have been approved under a sub-pathway of the
centralized procedure since 2006. The pathway allows sponsors of a biosimilar product to seek and obtain regulatory approval based in
part on the clinical trial data of an originator product to which the biosimilar product has been demonstrated to be similar. 
In many cases, this allows biosimilar products to be brought to market without conducting the full suite of clinical trials typically
required of originators. It is unclear whether we and any future development partners would face competition to our products in European
markets sooner than anticipated. 

We may in the future be subject
to various US federal and state laws pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback, self-referral, false claims and
fraud laws, and any violations by us of such laws could result in fines or other penalties . 

If one or more of
our product candidates is approved, we will likely be subject to the various US federal and state laws intended to prevent health care
fraud and abuse. The federal anti-kickback statute prohibits the offer, receipt, or payment of remuneration in exchange for or to induce
the referral of patients or the use of products or services that would be paid for in whole or part by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal
health care programs. Remuneration has been broadly defined to include anything of value, including cash, improper discounts, and free
or reduced-price items and services. Many states have similar laws that apply to their state health care programs as well as private payers.
Violations of the anti-kickback laws can result in exclusion from federal health care programs and substantial civil and criminal penalties. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

The False Claims Act
imposes liability on persons who, among other things, present or cause to be presented false or fraudulent claims for payment by a federal
health care program. The False Claims Act has been used to prosecute persons submitting claims for payment that are inaccurate or fraudulent,
that are for services not provided as claimed, or for services that are not medically necessary. The False Claims Act includes a whistleblower
provision that allows individuals to bring actions on behalf of the federal government and share a portion of the recovery of successful
claims. If our marketing or other arrangements were determined to violate the False Claims Act or anti-kickback or related laws, then
our revenue could be adversely affected, which would likely harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

State and federal
authorities have aggressively targeted medical technology companies for alleged violations of these anti-fraud statutes, based on improper
research or consulting contracts with doctors, certain marketing arrangements that rely on volume-based pricing, off-label marketing schemes,
and other improper promotional practices. Companies targeted in such prosecutions have paid substantial fines in the hundreds of millions
of dollars or more, have been forced to implement extensive corrective action plans or corporate integrity agreements, and have often
become subject to consent decrees severely restricting the manner in which they conduct their business. If we become the target of such
an investigation or prosecution based on our contractual relationships with providers or institutions, or our marketing and promotional
practices, we could face similar sanctions, which would materially harm our business. 

Even if regulatory authorization
or approval were received for lenzilumab or any other product candidate, the later discovery of previously unknown problems associated
with the use of lenzilumab or other product may result in restrictions, including withdrawal of the product from the market, and lead
to significant liabilities and reputational damage. 

Serious adverse or
undesirable side effects may emerge or be identified during later stages of development of our products that were not observed in earlier
stages. If our product candidates, either alone or in combination with other therapeutics, are associated with serious adverse events
or undesirable side effects or unacceptable drug interactions in clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected in clinical
trials or preclinical testing, we may need to abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in
which the serious adverse events, undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable
from a risk-benefit perspective. In pharmaceutical development, many compounds that initially show promise in early-stage or clinical
testing are later found to cause side effects that prevent further development of the compound. In addition, if third parties manufacture
or use our product candidates without our permission, and generate adverse events or unacceptable side effects, this could also have an
adverse impact on our development efforts. 

Unacceptable adverse
events caused by any of our product candidates that we advance into clinical trials could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt,
delay, or halt clinical trials and could result in the denial of regulatory approval by the applicable regulatory authorities for any
or all targeted indications and markets. This in turn could prevent us from completing development or commercializing the affected product
candidate and generating revenue from its sale. We have not yet successfully completed testing of any of our product candidates for the
treatment of the indications for which we intend to seek approval in humans, and we currently do not know the extent of adverse events,
if any, that will be observed in individuals who receive any of our product candidates. Even if lenzilumab or any other products are approved,
if previously unknown problems with the product or its manufacture are subsequently discovered, we may be restricted or prohibited from
marketing or manufacturing such product and/or may be subject to substantial liabilities, which may adversely affect our ability to generate
revenue and our financial condition. 

Our ability to utilize our net operating
loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be subject to certain limitations. 

We have incurred
substantial losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in the foreseeable future and may never achieve profitability.
To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until
such unused losses expire. We may be unable to use these losses to offset income before such unused losses expire. The Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act, enacted in 2017, limited the use of net operating loss carryforwards for periods beginning after 2017 to eighty percent of taxable
income in the period to which the losses were carried. However, this limitation on the use of the carryforwards was eliminated by the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) for tax years beginning before January 1, 2021. In addition,
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, may limit the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards. Under Section
382, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity
ownership over a three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other
pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. We have recently and in the past experienced ownership changes
that have resulted in limitations on the use of a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards. If we experience further ownership
changes our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards could be further limited. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

We rely completely on third parties
to supply drug substance and manufacture drug product for our clinical trials and preclinical studies and intend to rely on other third
parties to produce commercial supplies of product candidates, and our dependence on third parties could adversely impact our business. 

We are dependent
on third-party suppliers. If our third-party suppliers do not supply sufficient quantities for product candidates to us on a timely basis
and in accordance with applicable specifications and other regulatory requirements including Process Performance Qualification, or PPQ,
we may be unable to supply our product candidates in development for clinical trials or ship them to customers, if authorized or approved
for commercial use. We regularly evaluate potential alternate sources of supply of raw materials, various components used in production,
drug substance and drug product, but there can be no assurance that any such suppliers would be available, acceptable, or successful. 

We will also rely
on our CMOs to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates for our anticipated clinical
trials. There are a small number of suppliers for certain capital equipment and raw materials used to manufacture our product candidates.
We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of these raw materials by our contract manufacturers. Moreover,
we currently do not have agreements in place for the commercial production of these raw materials. Any significant delay in the supply
of a product candidate or the raw material components thereof for an ongoing clinical trial could considerably delay completion of that
clinical trial, product candidate testing, and potential regulatory approval of that product candidate. 

In addition, a significant
portion of the raw materials and intermediates used to manufacture our product candidates are supplied by third-party manufacturers and
corporate partners outside of the US. As a result, any political or economic factors in a specific country or region, including any changes
in or interpretations of trade regulations, compliance requirements or tax legislation, that would limit or prevent third parties outside
of the US from supplying these materials could adversely affect our ability to conduct our pending or contemplated clinical trials. 

We may not be successful in establishing
and maintaining development partnerships and licensing agreements, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize
product candidates. 

Part of our strategy
is to enter into development partnerships and licensing agreements. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate partners and
the negotiation process is time consuming and complex. Even if we are successful in securing a development partnership, we may not be
able to continue it. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a development partnership or other alternative arrangements
for any of our other existing or future product candidates and programs because, among other reasons, our research and development pipeline
may be insufficient, our product candidates and programs may be deemed to be at too early a stage of development for collaborative effort
and/or third parties may not view our product candidates and programs as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy.
Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish new development partnerships, the terms that we agree upon may not be favorable
to us and we may not be able to maintain such development partnerships if, for example, development or approval of a product candidate
is delayed or sales of an approved product candidate are disappointing. In addition, our ability to enforce our partners obligations
under any future collaboration efforts may be limited due to time and resource constraints, competing corporate priorities of our future
partners, and other factors. 

If we fail to establish and maintain additional
development partnerships related to our product candidates: 

the development and commercialization of our current or future product candidates may
 be terminated or delayed; 

our cash expenditures related to development of certain of our current or future product
 candidates would increase significantly and we may need to seek additional financing; 

45 

 Table of Contents 

we may be required to hire additional employees or otherwise develop expertise, such as
 sales and marketing expertise, for which we have not budgeted; and 

we will bear all of the risk related to the development of any such product candidates. 

Our or any new partner s
failure to develop, manufacture or effectively commercialize our product would result in a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations and would likely cause our stock price to decline. 

We currently
have no internal sales and marketing capabilities and will rely on third parties to market and sell our product candidates if we attain
regulatory approval for commercialization. We or they may not be able to effectively market and sell any such product candidates. 

We currently do not
have internal sales and marketing infrastructure in place that would be necessary to sell and market products and we may choose to not
build this capability in-house. As is the case with many, if not most, small companies seeking to commercialize their products and who
have not yet partnered with a larger biotech or pharmaceutical company, we plan to outsource logistics and distribution services. There
can be no assurance that any such partner will be effective in distributing any of our product candidates, if approved. 

If we or any of our
potential partners fail to hire, train, retain and manage qualified sales personnel, market our product successfully or on a cost-effective
basis, our ability to generate revenue will be limited and we will need to identify and retain an alternative third-party, or develop
our own sales and marketing capability. The establishment of an in-house sales and marketing operation can be expensive and time consuming
and could delay any product candidate launch. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

If we fail to obtain, maintain and
adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or secure rights to patents of others, the value of our intellectual property
rights would diminish, and our business and competitive position would suffer. 

Our success, competitive
position and future revenues will depend in part on our ability and the abilities of our licensors and licensees to obtain and maintain
patent protection for our products, methods, processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties
from infringing on our proprietary rights and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We have an active
patent protection program that includes filing patent applications on new compounds, formulations, delivery systems and methods of making
and using products and prosecuting these patent applications in the US and abroad. As patents issue, we also file continuation applications
as appropriate. Although we have taken steps to build what we believe to be a strong patent portfolio, we cannot predict: 

the degree and range of protection any patents will afford us against competitors, including
 whether third parties find ways to invalidate or otherwise circumvent our licensed patents; 

if and when patents will issue in the US or any other country; 

whether or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by
 our licensed patents and patent applications; 

whether we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings to protect our
 intellectual property rights, which may be costly whether we win or lose; 

whether any of our patents will be challenged by our competitors alleging invalidity or
 unenforceability and, if opposed or litigated, the outcome of any administrative or court action as to patent validity, enforceability
 or scope; 

whether a competitor will develop a similar compound that is outside the scope of protection
 afforded by a patent or whether the patent scope is inherent in the claims modified due to interpretation of claim scope by a court; 

whether there were activities previously undertaken by a licensor that could limit the
 scope, validity or enforceability of licensed patents and intellectual property; or 

whether a competitor will assert infringement of its patents or intellectual property,
 whether or not meritorious, and what the outcome of any related litigation or challenge may be. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Our success also
depends upon the skills, knowledge and experience of our scientific and technical personnel, our consultants and advisors as well as our
licensors, sublicensees and contractors. To help protect our proprietary know-how and our inventions for which patents may be unobtainable
or difficult to obtain, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. To this end, we require all employees, consultants
and board members to enter into agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information and, where applicable, require disclosure
and assignment to us of the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions important to our business. These agreements may not provide
adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure
or the lawful development by others of such information. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information is disclosed,
the value of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired, and our business and competitive
position would suffer. 

Due to legal and factual uncertainties
regarding the scope and protection afforded by patents and other proprietary rights, we may not have meaningful protection from competition. 

Our long-term success
will substantially depend upon our ability to protect our proprietary technologies from infringement, misappropriation, discovery and
duplication and avoid infringing the proprietary rights of others. Our patent rights, and the patent rights of biopharmaceutical companies
in general, are highly uncertain and include complex legal and factual issues. These uncertainties also mean that any patents that we
own or may obtain in the future could be subject to challenge, and even if not challenged, may not provide us with meaningful protection
from competition. Patents already issued to us, or our pending applications may become subject to dispute, and any dispute could be resolved
against us. 

If some or all of our or any licensor s
patents expire or are invalidated or are found to be unenforceable, or if some or all of our patent applications do not result in issued
patents or result in patents with narrow, overbroad, or unenforceable claims, or claims that are not supported in regard to written description
or enablement by the specification, or if we are prevented from asserting that the claims of an issued patent cover a product of a third
party, we may be subject to competition from third parties with products in the same class of products as our product candidates or products
with the same active pharmaceutical ingredients as our product candidates, including in those jurisdictions in which we have no patent
protection. 

Our commercial success
will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection for our product candidates, as well as the methods
for treating patients in the product indications using these product candidates. We will be able to protect our product candidates and
the methods for treating patients in the applicable product indications using these product candidates from unauthorized use by third
parties only to the extent that we or any licensor owns or controls such valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets. 

Even if our product
candidates and the methods for treating patients for prescribed indications using these product candidates are covered by valid and enforceable
patents and have claims with sufficient scope, disclosure and support in the specification, the patents will provide protection only for
a limited amount of time. Our and any licensor s ability to obtain patents can be highly uncertain and involve complex and in some
cases unsettled legal issues and factual questions. Furthermore, different countries have different procedures for obtaining patents,
and patents issued in different countries provide different degrees of protection against the use of a patented invention by others. Therefore,
if the issuance to us or any licensor, in a given country, of a patent covering an invention is not followed by the issuance, in other
countries, of patents covering the same invention, or if any judicial interpretation of the validity, enforceability, or scope of the
claims in, or the utility, written description or enablement in, a patent issued in one country is not similar to the interpretation given
to the corresponding patent issued in another country, our ability to protect our intellectual property in those countries may be limited.
Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the US and other countries may materially diminish the value of
our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 

We may be subject
to competition from third parties with products in the same class of products as our product candidates, or products with the same active
pharmaceutical ingredients as our product candidates in those jurisdictions in which we have no patent protection. Even if patents are
issued to us or any licensor regarding our product or methods of using them, those patents can be challenged by our competitors who can
argue such patents are invalid or unenforceable on a variety of grounds, including lack of utility, lack sufficient written description
or enablement, utility, or that the claims of the issued patents should be limited or narrowly construed. Patents also will not protect
our product candidates if competitors devise ways of making or using these products without legally infringing our patents. The current
US regulatory environment may have the effect of encouraging companies to challenge branded drug patents or to create non-infringing versions
of a patented product in order to facilitate the approval of ANDAs for generic substitutes. These same types of incentives encourage competitors
to submit NDAs that rely on literature and clinical data not prepared for or by the drug sponsor, providing another less burdensome pathway
to approval. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

If we infringe the rights of third
parties, we could be prevented from selling products and be forced to defend against litigation and pay damages. 

There is a risk that
we may be inadvertently infringing the proprietary rights of third parties because numerous US and foreign issued patents and pending
patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields that are the focus of our development and manufacturing efforts.
Others might have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our or any licensor s pending patent applications and
issued patents and/or might have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions. In addition, because patent applications
take many months to publish and patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown
to us or any licensor, which may later result in issued patents that cover the production, manufacture, synthesis, commercialization,
formulation or use of our product candidates. In addition, the production, manufacture, synthesis, commercialization, formulation or use
of our product candidates may infringe existing patents of which we are not aware. Defending ourselves against third-party claims, including
litigation in particular, would be costly and time consuming and would divert management s attention from our business, which could
lead to delays in our development or commercialization efforts. If third parties are successful in their claims, we might have to pay
substantial damages or take other actions that are adverse to our business. 

If our products, methods, processes and
other technologies infringe the proprietary rights of other parties, we could incur substantial costs and may have to: 

obtain
licenses, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all; 

redesign
our products or processes to avoid infringement, which may not be possible or could require substantial funds and time; 

stop
using the subject matter claimed in patents held by others, which could cause us to lose the use of one or more of our drug candidates; 

pay
damages royalties, or other amounts; or 

grant
a cross license to our patents to another patent holder. 

We expect that, as
our drug candidates move further into clinical trials and commercialization and our public profile is raised, we will be more likely to
be subject to such claims. 

We may fail to comply with any of
our obligations under existing agreements pursuant to which we license or have otherwise acquired rights or technology, which could result
in the loss of rights or technology that are material to our business. 

We are a party to
technology licenses and have acquired certain assets and rights that are important to our business and we may enter into additional licenses
or acquire additional assets and rights in the future. We currently hold licenses from Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research LICR ),
BioWa, Inc. BioWa ), Lonza Sales AG Lonza ), Mayo Foundation Mayo and the University of Zurich UZH ). These licenses impose various commercial, contingent payments, royalty, insurance, indemnification, and other obligations
on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license or take back rights or assets,
in which event we would lose valuable rights under our collaboration agreements, potential claims and our ability to develop product candidates. 

We may be subject to claims that
our consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their other clients or former employers
to us. 

As is common in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of our product candidates.
Many of these consultants were previously employed at or may have previously or may be currently providing consulting services to, other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that our
company or a consultant inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to their former employers
or their former or current clients. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending
against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management team. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

We may not be able to protect our
intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting
and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and we intend to seek
patent protection only in selected countries. Our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the US can be less extensive
than those in the US. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as
federal and state laws in the US. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries
outside the US, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the US or other jurisdictions. Competitors
may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may
export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the US.
These products may compete with our product candidates and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient
to prevent them from competing. 

Many companies have
encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems
of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property
protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents
or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign
jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our
patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third
parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if
any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be
inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 

General Risk Factors 

Our internal computer systems, or
those of our third-party vendors, collaborators or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could
result in a material disruption of our product development programs, compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent
us from accessing critical information, potentially exposing us to liability or otherwise adversely affecting our business. 

Our internal computer
systems and those of our current and any future third-party vendors, collaborators and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable
to damage or interruption from computer viruses, computer hackers, malicious code, employee theft or misuse, denial-of-service attacks,
sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication
and electrical failures. While we seek to protect our information technology systems from system failure, accident and security breach,
if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a disruption of our development programs
and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other disruptions. For example,
the loss of clinical trial data from clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase
our costs to recover or reproduce the data. If we were to experience a significant cybersecurity breach of our information systems or
data, the costs associated with the investigation, remediation and potential notification of the breach to counterparties and data subjects
could be material. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources
necessary to build and sustain the proper technology and cybersecurity infrastructure, we could suffer significant business disruption,
including transaction errors, supply chain or manufacturing interruptions, processing inefficiencies, data loss or the loss of or damage
to intellectual property or other proprietary information. 

To the extent that
any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our or our third-party vendors , collaborators 
or other contractors or consultants data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information,
we could incur liability including litigation exposure, penalties and fines, we could become the subject of regulatory action or investigation,
our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed.
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Our insurance policies are expensive
and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

We do not carry insurance
for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include general liability, employment
practices liability, property, inventory and cargo, auto, workers compensation, products liability, and directors and officers 
insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain existing insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant,
uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our working capital and results of operations. 

Changes in laws or regulations relating
to data privacy and security, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations, or contractual or other
obligations relating to data privacy and security, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

We are, and may increasingly
become, subject to various laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions
in which we operate. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly
changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future.
These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible
that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects. 

In the US, various
federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission,
have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations concerning personal information and data security. In particular, regulations
promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA establish privacy and security
standards that limit the use and disclosure of protected health information and require the implementation of safeguards to protect the
privacy, integrity and availability of protected health information. Determining whether protected health information has been handled
in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can be complex and may be subject to changing interpretation.
If we fail to comply with applicable HIPAA privacy and security standards, we could face civil and criminal penalties. In addition, state
attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten
the privacy of state residents. We cannot be sure how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. 

Certain state laws
may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international,
or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California
Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies
that process their personal information, came into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies
to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability
to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right
of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action may increase the likelihood
of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. 

Internationally, laws,
regulations and standards in many jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other
processing of personal information. For example, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective
in May 2018, greatly increased the European Commission s jurisdictional reach of its laws and adds a broad array of requirements
for handling personal data. EU member states are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have enacted, certain implementing legislation that
adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR requirements and potentially extends our obligations and potential liability for failing to
meet such obligations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states governing the
processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer
and otherwise process personal data. In particular, the GDPR includes obligations and restrictions concerning the consent and rights of
individuals to whom the personal data relates, the transfer of personal data out of the European Economic Area, security breach notifications
and the security and confidentiality of personal data. The GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4 of global annual revenue
or 20 million, whichever is greater. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

All of these evolving
compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs, such as costs related to organizational changes, implementing additional
protection technologies, training associates and engaging consultants, which are likely to increase over time. In addition, such requirements
may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, distract management or divert resources from other initiatives and
projects, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any failure
or perceived failure by us to comply with any applicable federal, state or similar foreign laws and regulations relating to data privacy
and security could result in damage to our reputation and our relationship with our customers, as well as proceedings or litigation by
governmental agencies or customers, including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to significant
fines, sanctions, awards, penalties or judgments, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive offices are located at
830 Morris Turnpike, 4th Floor, Short Hills, New Jersey 07078. We lease the office in Short Hills, New Jersey and another office in Burlingame,
California, which leases will expire on August 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. We believe these leased offices are in satisfactory
condition and are suitable for the conduct of our business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time-to-time we may be
involved in legal proceedings relating to intellectual property, commercial, employment and other matters arising in the ordinary course
of business. Such matters are subject to uncertainty and there can be no assurance that such legal proceedings will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Please see the matters under the caption Part
II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11. Litigation. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

51 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol HGEN . As of March 16, 2023, we had 119,080,135 shares of common stock
outstanding held by approximately 31 stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders,
and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. We anticipate that we will retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance
the growth and development of our business and, therefore, we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future
determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on then-existing
conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and
other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

52 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in Part
I, Item 1A - Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results
described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, developing our portfolio of proprietary Humaneered anti-inflammatory immunology
and immuno-oncology monoclonal antibodies. Our proprietary, patented Humaneered technology platform is a method for converting existing
antibodies (typically murine) into engineered, high-affinity human antibodies designed for therapeutic use, particularly with acute and
chronic conditions. We have developed or in-licensed targets or research antibodies, typically from academic institutions, and then applied
our Humaneered technology to optimize them. Our lead product candidate, lenzilumab, and our other product candidate, ifabotuzumab iFab ),
are Humaneered monoclonal antibodies. Our Humaneered antibodies are closer to human antibodies than chimeric or conventionally humanized
antibodies and have a high affinity for their target. In addition, we believe our Humaneered antibodies offer further important advantages,
such as high potency, a slow off-rate and a lower likelihood to induce an inappropriate immune response or infusion related reaction. 

Pursuant to our previously reported strategic
realignment plan, we are developing our lead product candidate, lenzilumab LENZ ). Lenzilumab is a monoclonal
antibody that has been demonstrated to neutralize human GM-CSF, a cytokine that we believe leads to the overproduction of monocytes which
are responsible for chronic myelomonocytic leukemia CMML ), a rare blood cancer and is of critical importance in acute graft
versus host disease aGvHD associated with bone marrow transplants. Our strategic
realignment plans include accelerating the development of LENZ in CMML, for which the PREACH-M study is already underway, and continuing
our plans for the RATinG study in aGvHD, as these studies are majority funded by our partners. A leading network of centers, The
Mayo Clinics, is currently progressing with an investigator-initiated trial IIT of lenzilumab in combination with CAR-T
therapies. We are also developing iFab, an EpAh-3 targeted monoclonal antibody, currently in Phase
1 development, as part of an antibody drug conjugate ADC ), for certain solid tumors. 

Our Pipeline 

In addition to our lead
product candidate, lenzilumab, our development portfolio features our other two product candidates, ifabotuzumab and HGEN005, all of which
are Humaneered monoclonal antibodies. Please refer to Item 1. Business Our Pipeline for a detailed discussion of our
development programs. 

2022 Developments 

In July
2022, topline results from the Accelerating COVID-19 Therapeutic Interventions and Vaccines-5 ACTIV-5 and Big Effect Trial,
in the B arm of the trial BET-B ), referred to as the ACTIV-5/BET-B trial, were released. The study was sponsored
and funded by the National Institutes of Health NIH and evaluated lenzilumab in combination with remdesivir, compared
to placebo and remdesivir, in hospitalized COVID-19 patients. The topline results show the trial did not achieve statistical significance
on the primary endpoint, although the topline results did indicate that lenzilumab demonstrated a positive trend in mortality.
A global group of leading institutions and research networks has indicated interest in including lenzilumab in their large-scale, multinational
studies of COVID-19, pending an uptick in ICU admissions. Tocilizumab and baricitinib demonstrated
mortality benefit following inclusion in REMAP-CAP and RECOVERY having failed to do so in smaller studies. 

We are executing
the strategic realignment plan to deemphasize the deployment of certain resources for the development of lenzilumab for COVID-19 and currently
do not plan to pursue regulatory pathways unless further data from ACTIV-5/BET-B or a future large-scale study merit such an approach.
The Named Patient program in select European Countries has been terminated. With the exception of one lenzilumab batch in process,
we have discontinued the manufacturing of lenzilumab and are consolidating the remaining inventory of lenzilumab bulk drug substance and
drug product in a central location for potential future use. 

Through partners in Australia,
we initiated a study of lenzilumab in cancer patients with COVID-19. The trial, known as C-SMART was a
multi-center, four arm trial, which aimed to evaluate several different immune modulating drugs for prevention and treatment of COVID-19
in the cancer population. The investigational product is in the process of being destroyed, due to COVID-19 being deprioritized
by us and the Australian Government. 

53 

Table of Contents 

In May 2022, our partners
in South Korea dosed the final healthy volunteer of the 20 required for their Phase 1 bridging study. This study was conducted to explore
the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic PK properties of lenzilumab and compare it between Koreans and Caucasians.
The clinical study report has been completed and the degree of exposure was observed to be higher in Koreans than in Caucasians. Lenzilumab
was safe and well tolerated in both Koreans and Caucasians. 

PREACH-M Study 

We are currently evaluating lenzilumab for the treatment of high-risk
CMML in patients with NRAS/ KRAS/CBL genetic mutations in an ongoing Phase 2 study, known as PREcision Approach to Chronic Myelomonocytic
Leukemia or PREACH-M. The PREACH-M study is being conducted in partnership with the South Australian Health 
Medical Research Institute SAHMRI and the University of Adelaide. The study is currently enrolling at sites in Australia
with additional enrollment anticipated at sites in New Zealand. As of March 16, 2023, 13 lenzilumab-treated patients have been enrolled
in the study of a total of 15 patients and followed for multiple cycles, with what are believed to be encouraging results. An abstract
for the PREACH-M trial has been accepted to the American Association for Cancer Research with a poster presentation scheduled for April
17, 2023. We are providing lenzilumab for this study and the majority of the study costs are being borne by the partner and funded by
a grant from the Medical Research Futures Fund, a research fund set up by the Australian Government. 

RATinG Study 

We are currently evaluating lenzilumab for the
early treatment of aGvHD in patients undergoing bone marrow transplants in a Phase 2/3 potentially registrational trial, known as the
 RATinG study. The study is being conducted by the IMPACT Partnership, a collection of 22 stem cell transplant centers located
in the United Kingdom. We anticipate the first patient dosing in this study to occur in the second quarter of 2023 .
We are providing lenzilumab for the study including the cost of import, labeling and distribution of the study drug, and support certain
laboratory tests related to the study, but the majority of the study costs will be borne by the IMPACT Partnership. The goal of the study
is to determine the efficacy and safety of lenzilumab in reducing non-relapse mortality at six months. 

Market Opportunity in CMML and Related Hematological Cancers 

Clonal cytogenic abnormalities are commonly seen
in CMML patients. RAS mutations, which make leukemic cells hyperresponsive to GM-CSF, are seen in approximately 50 of CMML patients and
are the anticipated target patient population for lenzilumab. The incidence of new CMML patients in the US, UK, and Australia is about
1,700 patients annually. RAS mutations, which may drive GM-CSF hyperresponsiveness, are also seen in additional myeloid hematological
malignancies including juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia JMML ), myelodysplastic syndromes MDS and acute
myeloid leukemia AML ), totaling approximately 4,000 new cases annually in the US. We believe success with CMML may provide
proof of principle for targeting RAS pathway mutations in myeloid leukemias with lenzilumab and allow us to develop, and if successful,
commercialize lenzilumab ourselves or through a partner, in these additional patient populations. About 15 to 20 of CMML cases progress
to AML. According to the American Cancer Society, approximately 1,100 individuals in the US are newly diagnosed annually with CMML, with
the majority of these new patients being age 60 or older. These patients are typically unsuitable for stem cell transplants. 

For FDA approval, a confirmatory study in the US
may be required and we plan to seek regulatory guidance from the agency with interim results from PREACH-M. As a treatment for a rare
disease, lenzilumab may qualify for certain regulatory and commercial benefits that may accelerate development and approval. Pricing and
reimbursement for rare diseases are traditionally higher than treatments for more common diseases. 

We are assessing regulatory pathways that may enable
early results to support a regulatory submission and potential approval by the Therapeutic Goods Administration in Australia, which could
be expanded through Project Orbis, an international regulatory agency collaboration, to the United States and the United Kingdom. 

There have been no new therapeutic agents for patients
with high-risk CMML in 30 years and independent publications have demonstrated the key role of GM-CSF and RAS pathway mutations in this
and other cancers, including JMML, MDS, myeloproliferative neoplasms, and AML. 

A clinical protocol has been developed for a study
in JMML, an ultra-orphan and devastating condition affecting young children. 

Review of Strategic Options and Alternatives 

As previously reported, during 2022 we engaged SC H Capital,
an affiliate of SC H Group, SC H to advise us on exploration of strategic options. SC H is an investment banking
and advisory firm providing merger and acquisition (M A), financial restructuring and related business advisory solutions. SC H
has acted as our advisor as we explore strategic options to maximize value around lenzilumab and ifabotuzumab. We also have considered
and pursued a full range of options to raise additional capital and to address, satisfy, defer or restructure our accounts payable and
accrued liabilities to manufacturing and other parties. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

We have executed a non-binding letter of intent and are engaged
in exclusive negotiations relating to a proposed business combination with a privately held biopharmaceutical company (the Partner
Company ). The proposed terms for the business combination contemplate a tax-free stock-for-stock merger, as a result of which we
would issue shares of our capital stock to stockholders of the Partner Company which are expected to represent roughly two times the number
of our currently outstanding shares of common stock. 

We cannot assure you that we and the Partner Company will enter
into a definitive agreement for the proposed transaction, and the final form and terms of any such transaction may be materially different
from the terms described above. Our ability to enter into a definitive agreement is subject to conditions, including that we have received
binding commitments for investment of additional capital that will be necessary to fund the operations of the combined company going forward
and enable the combined company to maintain a listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national securities
exchange, as well as customary matters such as approval of the terms of the definitive agreement by the Partner Company s board
of directors and stockholders. Certain of these conditions will be out of our control. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that
we will effect the proposed business combination or related financing transactions. If we are unable to complete the proposed transactions
or identify and complete another strategic or financing transaction in the first half of 2023, we may elect or be required to pursue a
reorganization or seek other protection under the federal bankruptcy code. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors . 

Nasdaq Listing Deficiencies 

As previously reported, we have received two notices
from The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC Nasdaq regarding our failures to satisfy the 1 minimum bid price and 35 million total
market value of listed securities standards for continued listing. As disclosed, we had 180 days from the date of the applicable notice
to cure each deficiency. On February 21, 2023, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of Nasdaq notifying us that we had not regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement as of February 20, 2023 and that we
were not eligible for a second 180-day extension period. The letter specifically noted that we do not comply with the stockholders 
equity initial listing requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market. The total market value of our listed securities also remains below the
 35 million requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. On March 2, 2023, the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel granted our request for a hearing to appeal the determination from the Staff. The hearing before the Panel has been scheduled for April
6, 2023. In addition, our common stock may be subject to immediate delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market if our common stock has a
closing bid price of 0.10 or less for any ten consecutive trading days. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the US, or GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the Consolidated Financial
Statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Our management believes judgment is involved
in determining revenue recognition, the fair value-based measurement of stock-based compensation and accruals. Our management evaluates
estimates and assumptions as facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision,
actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions, and those differences could be material to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. If our assumptions change, we may need to revise our estimates, or take other corrective actions, either of which may also
have a material adverse effect on our statements of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

While our significant accounting policies are described
in more detail in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical
to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Accrued Research and Development Expenses 

As part of the process of preparing our Consolidated
Financial Statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development expenses. This process involves reviewing contracts
and purchase orders, reviewing the terms of our license agreements, communicating with our applicable personnel to identify services that
have been performed on our behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when
we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual cost. Some of our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services
performed. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at that
time. Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include fees to: 

55 

Table of Contents 

contract research organizations and other service providers in connection with clinical studies; 

contract manufacturers in connection with the production of lenzilumab, including cancellation and termination charges and charges
for product that does not meet specifications; and 

vendors in connection with preclinical development activities. 

We base our expenses related to clinical studies
on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple research institutions and contract
research organizations that conduct and manage clinical studies on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to
negotiation, vary from contract to contract, and may result in uneven payment flows and expense recognition. Payments under some of these
contracts depend on factors such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of clinical trial milestones. In accruing
these costs, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed for which we have not been invoiced and the level of effort
to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we
adjust the accrual accordingly. Our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing
of services performed may vary and may result in our reporting changes in estimates in any particular period. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Our stock-based compensation expense for stock
options is estimated at the grant date based on the award s fair value as calculated by the Black-Scholes option pricing model and
is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires various highly judgmental
assumptions including expected volatility and expected term. The expected volatility is based on the combined historical stock volatilities
of our own common stock and that of several of our publicly listed peers over a period equal to the expected terms of the options as we
do not have a sufficient trading history to rely solely on the volatility of our own common stock. To estimate the expected term, we have
opted to use the simplified method, which is the use of the midpoint of the vesting term and the contractual term. If any of the assumptions
used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model changes significantly, stock-based compensation expense may differ materially in the future
from that recorded in the current period. In addition, we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense
for those shares expected to vest. We estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical experience and our expectations regarding future
pre-vesting termination behavior of employees. To the extent our actual forfeiture rate is different from our estimate, stock-based compensation
expense is adjusted accordingly. 

Revenue Recognition 

Our revenue to date has been generated primarily through license
agreements and research and development collaboration agreements. We have recorded revenue from licensing of 2.5 million and 3.6 million
for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 ). The core principle of ASC 606 is that
an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and/or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and/or services. To determine the appropriate amount
of revenue to be recognized for arrangements that we determine are within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following steps: (i) identify
the contract(s) with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv)
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) each performance
obligation is satisfied. 

Revenue under technology licenses and collaborative
agreements typically consists of nonrefundable and/or guaranteed license fees, collaborative research funding, and various milestone and
future product royalty or profit-sharing payments. 

The fair value of deliverables under the arrangement
may be derived using a best estimate of selling price if vendor specific objective evidence and third-party evidence is not available.
Deliverables under the arrangement will be separate units of accounting if a delivered item has value to the customer on a standalone
basis and if the arrangement includes a general right of return for the delivered item, delivery or performance of the undelivered item
is considered probable and substantially in our control. 

We recognize upfront license payments as revenue
upon delivery of the license only if the license has standalone value from any undelivered performance obligations and that value can
be determined. The undelivered performance obligations typically include manufacturing or development services or research and/or steering
committee services. If the fair value of the undelivered performance obligations can be determined, then these obligations would be accounted
for separately. If the license is not considered to have standalone value, then the license and other undelivered performance obligations
would be accounted for as a single unit of accounting. In this case, the license payments and payments for performance obligations are
recognized as revenue over the estimated period of when the performance obligations are performed or deferred indefinitely until the undelivered
performance obligation is determined. 

Whenever we determine that an arrangement should
be accounted for as a single unit of accounting, we determine the period over which the performance obligations will be performed, and
revenue will be recognized. Revenue is recognized using a proportional performance or straight-line method. The proportional performance
method is used when the level of effort required to complete performance obligations under an arrangement can be reasonably estimated.
The amount of revenue recognized under the proportional performance method is determined by multiplying the total payments under the contract,
excluding royalties and payments contingent upon achievement of milestones, by the ratio of the level of effort performed to date to the
estimated total level of effort required to complete performance obligations under the arrangement. If we cannot reasonably estimate the
level of effort to complete performance obligations under an arrangement, we recognize revenue under the arrangement on a straight-line
basis over the period we are expected to complete our performance obligations. Significant management judgment is required in determining
the level of effort required under an arrangement and the period over which we are expected to complete our performance obligations under
an arrangement. 

56 

Table of Contents 

Our collaboration agreements typically entitle
us to additional payments upon the achievement of development, regulatory and sales performance-based milestones. If the achievement of
a milestone is considered probable at the inception of the collaboration, the related milestone payment is included with other collaboration
consideration, such as upfront fees and research funding, in our revenue calculation. Typically, these milestones are not considered probable
at the inception of the collaboration. As such, milestones will typically be recognized in one of two ways depending on the timing of
when the milestone is achieved. If the milestone is achieved during the performance period, then we will only recognize revenue to the
extent of the proportional performance achieved at that date, or the proportion of the straight-line basis achieved at that date, and
the remainder will be recorded as deferred revenue to be amortized over the remaining performance period. If the milestone is achieved
after the performance period has completed and all performance obligations have been delivered, then we will recognize the milestone payment
as revenue in its entirety in the period the milestone was achieved. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements
that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is set forth in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective
will have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

Results of Operations 

At December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 681.8 million. Since inception, we have recognized a nominal amount of revenue from payments for license or collaboration
fees. Our product candidates may never be successfully developed or commercialized and we may therefore never realize revenue from any
product sales. Accordingly, we expect to continue to incur substantial losses from operations for the foreseeable future, and there can
be no assurance that we will ever generate significant revenue or profits. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our ability
to attain a significant amount of additional financing, as more fully described under Liquidity and Capital Resources 
below and in Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I above. 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes the results of
our operations for the periods indicated (amounts in thousands, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase/ (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Revenue: 

License revenue 
 2,514 
 3,595 
 (1,081 
 (30 
 
 Total revenue 
 2,514 
 3,595 
 (1,081 
 (30 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 55,210 
 213,115 
 (157,905 
 (74 
 
 General and administrative 
 15,608 
 23,252 
 (7,644 
 (33 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 70,818 
 236,367 
 (165,549 
 (70 

Loss from operations 
 (68,304 
 (232,772 
 (164,468 
 (71) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 (2,918 
 (2,264 
 654 
 29 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 492 
 (1,613 
 2,105 
 131 
 
 Net loss 
 (70,730 
 (236,649 
 (165,919 
 (70 

Revenue 

Revenue in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
represents license revenue under the license agreement (the South Korea Agreement with KPM and its affiliate, Telcon,
(together with KPM, the Licensee ), described in more detail in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. License revenue decreased 1.1 million in 2022 from 3.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2021 to 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Through June 30, 2022, revenue was being amortized through March 31, 2023,
the expected end of the performance period. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the performance period was reevaluated, and
the estimated end date of the performance period was adjusted to December 31, 2025. The change in estimate resulted in a decrease of
 0.8 million in quarterly license revenue as compared to amounts that would have been recorded under the previous timeline. Prospective
periods will reflect the impact of this change in estimate. 

57 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expenses 

Conducting research and development is central
to our business model. We expense both internal and external research and development costs as incurred. We track external research and
development costs incurred by project for each of our clinical programs. Our external research and development costs consist primarily
of: 

expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, investigative sites, and consultants that conduct our clinical
trials and our pre-clinical activities; 

the cost of acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial, pre-commercial and other materials, the cost to transfer the manufacturing
process for bulk drug substance and fill/finish production, development of and periodic performance of a variety of tests and assays for
stability, release, comparability and product characterization, costs associated with quality management, the preparation of documents
and information necessary to file with regulatory authorities; and 

other costs associated with development activities, including additional studies. 

Other research and development costs consist primarily
of internal research and development costs such as salaries and related fringe benefit costs for our employees, stock-based compensation
charges, and travel costs not allocated to one of our clinical programs. Internal research and development costs generally benefit multiple
projects and are not separately tracked per project. 

The following table shows a summary of our research
and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 External Costs 

Lenzilumab 
 53,092 
 210,129 
 
 Ifabotuzumab 
 542 
 112 
 
 Internal costs 
 1,576 
 2,874 
 
 Total research and development 
 55,210 
 213,115 

Research and development expenses decreased by
 157.9 million from 213.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 55.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease
is primarily due to a 142.7 million decrease in lenzilumab manufacturing costs, a 8.3 million decrease in clinical trial expenses, primarily
due to the completion of the LIVE-AIR study and the termination of the CAR-T trial in the third quarter of 2022, as part of our plan to
reduce costs, and a 3.6 million decrease in consulting expenses. 

We expect our development costs will decrease in
2023 as compared to 2022. In connection with our realignment to deemphasize the deployment of certain resources for the development of
lenzilumab for COVID-19, with the exception of one lenzilumab batch in process, we have discontinued the manufacturing of lenzilumab and
are consolidating the remaining inventory of lenzilumab bulk drug substance and drug product in a central location for potential future
use. We believe we have sufficient drug product for our currently planned clinical trials. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses consist principally
of personnel-related costs (including stock-based compensation), professional fees for legal and patent expenses, insurance, consulting,
audit, investor relations costs, and other general operating expenses not otherwise included in research and development. 

General and administrative expenses decreased by
 7.7 million from 23.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 15.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease
for the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily due to decreases of 7.3 million in consulting expenses and 1.3 million in investor
and public relations expenses partially offset by a 1.1 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense. We expect that
our overall general and administrative expenses may decrease in the near-term due to our realignment plan designed to significantly reduce
our go-forward, cash-based general and administrative expenses; however, our ongoing litigation costs may more than offset any such expense
reductions. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 is primarily related to the Loan and Security Agreement with Hercules Capital as agent for its affiliates serving as lenders
thereunder (the Term Loan ). Interest expense increased 0.6 million from 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021
to 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest expense in the year ended December 31, 2022 included 1.2 million in unamortized
loan fees recognized in connection with the loan payoff in July 2022. We drew the initial 25.0 million under the Term Loan on March 29,
2021. After giving effect to payment of fees and expenses associated with the draw, we received net proceeds of approximately 24.4 million. 

58 

Table of Contents 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Other income (expense), net increased by 2.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to litigation settlement costs incurred in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income Taxes 

As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately 166.2 million to offset future federal income taxes which expire in the years 2024 through 2037,
and approximately 542.9 million that may offset future state income taxes which expire in the years 2028 through 2042. We also have federal
net operating loss carryforwards generated in the years 2018 through 2022 of 375.3 million that have no expiration date. Current federal
and state tax laws include substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating losses and tax credits in the event of an ownership
change. Even if the carryforwards are available, they may be subject to annual limitations, lack of future taxable income, or future ownership
changes that could result in the expiration of the carryforwards before they are utilized. At December 31, 2022, we recorded a 100 
valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets of approximately 171.4 million, as at that time our management believed it was
uncertain that they would be fully realized. If we determine in the future that we will be able to realize all or a portion of our deferred
tax assets, an adjustment to our valuation allowance would increase net income in the period in which we make such a determination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since our inception, we have financed our operations
primarily through proceeds from the public offerings of our common stock, private placements of our common and preferred stock, debt financings,
interest income earned on cash, and cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and borrowings against lines of credit, and with the
proceeds under the South Korea Agreement. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 10.2 million. In the year ended December
31, 2022, we sold an aggregate of 55,052,506 shares of our common stock under the Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement
(the Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), raising net proceeds of approximately 41.8
million after deducting underwriting discounts and offering costs. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold an aggregate of 6,408,087
shares of our common stock under the Sales Agreement, raising net proceeds of approximately 65.7 million. No shares have been sold under
the Sales Agreement subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

Primary Sources of and Uses of Cash 

The following table sets forth the primary sources
and uses of cash and cash equivalents for each of the periods presented below 000 s): 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (76,698 
 (184,045 
 
 Financing activities 
 16,837 
 186,324 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (59,861 
 2,279 

Net cash used in operating activities was
 76.7 million and 184.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in operating activities of 76.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily related to our net loss of 70.7 million, adjusted for non-cash items, such as
 5.8 million in stock-based compensation, and a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 11.8 million, including a 4.2 million
decrease in accounts payable, a 5.1 million decrease in accrued expenses and a 2.5 million decrease in deferred revenue. Cash used in
operating activities of 184.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to our net loss of 236.6 million, adjusted
for non-cash items, such as 5.4 million in stock-based compensation, a net increase in operating assets and liabilities of 46.6 million
and other non-cash items of 0.6 million. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 16.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and consists of net proceeds of 41.8 million from the issuance of common stock in connection
with the Sales Agreement with Cantor, offset by the Hercules loan repayment of 25.0 million. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 186.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and consisted primarily of net proceeds of approximately 94.2 million related to the sale
of 5,427,017 shares of our common stock in connection with an underwritten public offering, 65.7 million received from the issuance of
common stock in connection with the Sales Agreement, 24.4 million in net proceeds received from the Term Loan, and 2.0 million received
from the exercise of stock options. 

59 

Table of Contents 

Recent Financings 

Controlled Equity Offering 

On December 31, 2020, we entered into the Sales
Agreement with Cantor, under which we could issue and sell shares of our common stock, having an aggregate gross sales price of up to
 100 million through Cantor, as sales agent. On April 14, 2022, we filed a prospectus in respect of the Sales Agreement which provides
us with the ability to offer and sell shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to an additional 75.0 million.
As mentioned above, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold 55,052,506 shares of our common stock under the Sales Agreement,
raising net proceeds of 41.8 million, and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued and sold 6,408,087 shares of our common stock
under the Sales Agreement, raising net proceeds of 65.7 million. Our ability to continue to utilize the Sales Agreement at terms acceptable
to us and in sufficient quantities will be subject to the Baby Shelf Rule (as defined and described in
 Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I above), and also relies on future market conditions that are uncertain and cannot be relied upon. See Risk Factors 
in Item 1A of Part I above. 

2021 Underwritten Public Offering 

On March 30, 2021, we entered into an underwriting
agreement with Jefferies LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Cantor, as representatives of the several underwriters, in connection
with the public offering of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock. In addition, we granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase
an additional 750,000 shares of our common stock. The initial offering closed on April 5, 2021. On May 3, 2021, we closed on the sale
of an additional 427,017 shares of our common stock related to the exercise of the underwriters 30-day option. The aggregate gross
proceeds from the sale of the 5,427,017 shares in the offering, inclusive of the additional shares purchased by the underwriters, were
approximately 100.4 million. The net proceeds from this offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering costs, were approximately
 94.2 million. 

Term Loan with Hercules 

On March 10, 2021, we entered into the Term Loan
with Hercules which provided us with the ability to draw an initial amount of 25.0 million, which we drew on March 29, 2021. In July
2022, we paid 26.7 million in full settlement of the Term Loan with Hercules. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the Term Loan. 

Liquidity and Manufacturing Commitments 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash
and cash equivalents of 10.2 million; combined accounts payable and accrued expenses of 55.3 million, certain of which were in dispute;
and manufacturing commitments of 2.6 million for the remainder of 2023 with no significant commitments thereafter, as further described
below (see Contracts ). We intend to seek to defer these disputed payment obligations, negotiate lower amounts or
seek other courses of action, which may include legal recourse for the amounts in question. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, as previously reported we paid 3.0
million to conditionally resolve previously reported disputes between the Company and Avid arising pursuant to the commercial agreements
between the two parties. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our cash and cash equivalents
were approximately 3 million as of March 30, 2023, after giving effect to this payment and other uses of funds in conducting our business
and pursuing strategic alternatives. Our capital resources are not sufficient to fund our operations for the remainder of 2023. 

Our ability to enter into a definitive
agreement with the Partner Company for the strategic transaction described above is subject to numerous conditions, including (among others)
that we have received binding commitments for investment of additional capital that will be necessary to enable us to fund the operations
of the combined company going forward and enable the combined company to maintain a listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market or another national securities exchange. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to permit
us to effect the proposed business combination. If we are unable to complete the proposed transactions or identify and complete another
strategic or financing transaction in the first half of 2023, we may elect or be required to pursue a reorganization or seek other protection
under the federal bankruptcy code. If the proposed business combination with the Partner Company and related financing is completed, we
would expect to issue a significant number of shares of common stock and/or convertible equity securities to the stockholders of the Partner
Company as discussed above and to new investors in the financing, each of which would have a significant dilutive effect on our existing
stockholders. 

See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Form
10-K for further discussion of the risks surrounding the proposed transaction and our company. 

60 

Table of Contents 

Contracts 

Eversana Agreement 

On January 10, 2021, we announced that we had entered
into a master services agreement (the Eversana Agreement with Eversana Life Science Services, LLC Eversana pursuant to which Eversana will provide us with services in connection with the potential launch of lenzilumab. 

On September 21, 2021, we notified Eversana that
due to the EUA status in the US, we were terminating the initial statement of work related to commercialization support of lenzilumab
for the treatment of COVID-19 in the United States. Eversana is disputing the termination notice and has requested payment of approximately
 4.5 million it has asserted we owe for services rendered from April 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021. We have disputed this assertion and
Eversana has filed for arbitration to resolve this dispute. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Manufacturing Agreements 

We entered into agreements with several CMOs to
manufacture BDS and fill/finish DP for our lenzilumab clinical trial activities . We also entered into agreements for packaging of the
drug. These agreements provided for upfront amounts prior to commencement of manufacturing and progress payments through the course of
the manufacturing process and payments for technology transfer. Certain of these CMOs were unsuccessful in their efforts to manufacture
some batches of lenzilumab to our specifications for various reasons. We have amended, and in some cases canceled, certain of these agreements.
In addition, we have sought to mitigate our financial commitments by ceasing additional manufacturing of lenzilumab in connection with
our realignment plan and, more recently, we have settled our disputes with two of our CMOs. See
Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on
these settlement agreements. 

We
believe we have sufficient supply to conduct our contemplated clinical development efforts. We have discontinued the manufacturing of
lenzilumab, with the exception of one batch in process at one of our CMOs, Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC Catalent ). If
we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for lenzilumab prior to the expiration of the shelf life at that time, the remaining inventory
will not be available for commercial use. 

There
is significant drug product that was in production at one of our other CMOs, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Thermo ), for
which material has not yet been released by us because the batches produced are out of specification. Nonetheless, Thermo has notified
us that they have stopped production and have recently filed a lawsuit against us in Delaware Superior Court for 25.9 million. We have
filed a countersuit against Thermo for breach of contract seeking more than 37.5 million. We deny Thermo s claims and assertions
and will vigorously defend against them. See Notes 7 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for additional information. 

License Agreements 

We are obligated to make future payments to third
parties under in-license agreements, including sublicense fees, royalties, and payments that become due and payable on the achievement
of certain development and commercialization milestones. 

We record upfront and milestone payments made to
third parties under licensing arrangements as an expense. Upfront payments are recorded when incurred and milestone payments are recorded
when the specific milestone has been achieved. 

License with the Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research 

On June 19, 2019, we entered into the Mayo Agreement
with the Mayo Foundation. Under the Mayo Agreement, we have in-licensed certain technologies that we believe may be used to create CAR-T
cells lacking GM-CSF expression through various gene-editing tools including CRISPR-Cas9. Pursuant to the Mayo Agreement, we were required
to pay 0.2 million to the Mayo Foundation within six months of the effective date of the Mayo Agreement, or upon completion of a qualified
financing, whichever is earlier. We paid the initial payment following completion of the Private Placement. The Mayo Agreement also requires
the payment of milestones and royalties upon the achievement of certain regulatory and commercialization milestones. 

License with the University of Zurich 

On July 19, 2019, we entered into the Zurich Agreement
with University of Zurich UZH ). Under the Zurich Agreement, we have in-licensed certain technologies that we believe may
be used to prevent GvHD through GM-CSF neutralization. The Zurich Agreement required an initial one-time payment of 0.1 million, which
we paid to UZH on July 29, 2019. The Zurich Agreement also requires the payment of annual license maintenance fees, as well as milestones
and royalties upon the achievement of certain regulatory and commercialization milestones. 

61 

Table of Contents 

Out-licensing Agreements 

The South Korea Agreement 

On November 3, 2020, we
entered into a License Agreement (the South Korea Agreement with KPM and Telcon (together, the Licensee ).
Pursuant to the South Korea Agreement, among other things, we granted the Licensee a license under certain patents and other intellectual
property to develop and commercialize our lead product candidate, lenzilumab (the Product ), for treatment of COVID-19 pneumonia,
in South Korea and the Philippines (the Territory ), subject to certain reservations and limitations. The Licensee will be
responsible for gaining regulatory approval for, and subsequent commercialization of, lenzilumab in those territories. 

As consideration for the
license, the Licensee has agreed to pay us (i) an up-front license fee of 6.0 million (or 4.5 million net of withholding taxes and other
fees and royalties), payable promptly following the execution of the License Agreement, which was received in the fourth quarter of 2020,
(ii) up to an aggregate of 14.0 million in two payments based on our achievement of two specified milestones in the US, of which the
first milestone was met in the first quarter of 2021 and 6.0 million (or 4.5 million net of withholding taxes and other fees and royalties)
was received in the second quarter of 2021,and (iii) subsequent to the receipt by the Licensee of the requisite regulatory approvals,
double-digit royalties on the net sales of lenzilumab in South Korea and the Philippines. The Licensee has agreed to certain development
and commercial performance obligations. It is expected that we will supply lenzilumab to the Licensee for a minimum of 7.5 years at a
cost-plus basis from an existing or future manufacturer. The Licensee has agreed to certain minimum purchases of lenzilumab on an annual
basis. 

Indemnification 

In the normal course of business, we enter into
contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide for general indemnifications. Our exposure
under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against us in the future but have not yet been made. To
date, we have not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to our indemnification obligations. However, we may record
charges in the future as a result of these indemnification obligations. 

Litigation 

Eversana Arbitration 

On May 19, 2022, Eversana filed a Demand for Arbitration claiming
approximately 4.5 million in damages against the Company with the American Arbitration Association entitled Eversana Life Sciences,
LLC v. Humanigen, Inc. (AAA Case No. 01-22-0002-1591). The Demand contains two breach of contract claims related to the Eversana
Agreement between the parties and a related agreement between the companies European subsidiaries, and a claim for unjust enrichment.
Eversana asserts that the Company failed to pay it amounts due for work preparing for the potential commercializing of lenzilumab performed
between April 1, 2021 and September 30, 2021. To date, requests for production and objections thereto have been exchanged. The arbitration
hearing is currently set for August 2023. The Company denies Eversana s claims and assertions and will continue to vigorously defend
against them. 

Avid Settlement 

On February 21, 2023, the Company and Avid Bioservices, Inc. Avid entered into a Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement providing for a conditional resolution
of certain previously reported disputes between the Company and Avid arising pursuant to the commercial agreements between the two parties
(collectively, the Lenzilumab Disputes ). 

Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company made a one-time
payment of 3.0 million to Avid (the Settlement Payment ). In addition, the parties mutually agreed that, effective upon
the expiration of 120 days from the date of the Settlement Agreement and only if Humanigen has not by such date filed for or been placed
into bankruptcy or commenced an assignment for the benefit of creditors or other insolvency proceeding, the parties will dismiss the pending
Lenzilumab Disputes and release and discharge each other from all existing claims, demands, causes of actions, charges and grievances
of any kind arising out of, or relating to, the Lenzilumab Disputes and the commercial agreements between the parties, which were terminated
in accordance with their respective terms. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

Catalent Settlement 

On December 16, 2022, the Company and Catalent entered into a
Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement resolving certain previously reported disputes between the Company and Catalent
that had arisen under the Multiple Facility Clinical Supply and Services Agreement (the MSA dated July 31, 2020, by and
between Catalent and the Company, pursuant to which Catalent had agreed to perform certain services relating to the manufacturing of lenzilumab,
the Company s lead product candidate. 

Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to make
a one-time payment of 12 million (the Settlement Payment to Catalent in full satisfaction of all of the Company s
payment obligations under the MSA for products and prior services, as well as cancellation fees Catalent claimed to be owed. In consideration
of its receipt of the Settlement Payment, which the Company made on December 22, 2022, Catalent waived and released Catalent s rights
to pursue all payments, claims, or invoices for such products and services and cancellation fees, as well as for some limited additional
work to be performed by Catalent, quantified at approximately 23.5 million in the aggregate. 

The terms and conditions of the MSA generally will remain in
full force and effect with respect to any ongoing activities and additional work to be performed by Catalent. 

Savant Litigation 

The Company was previously involved in litigation against Savant
Neglected Diseases, LLC Savant ). In March 2022, the Company and Savant reached a confidential settlement. Accordingly,
the litigation involving Savant was dismissed on March 31, 2022. 

Thermo Litigation 

Thermo has notified the
Company that they have stopped production and have issued a demand for payment for unreleased batches of product. There is significant
drug product that was in production at Thermo for which material has not yet been released by the Company because the batches produced
are out of specification. On October 24, 2022, Thermo filed a lawsuit against the Company in Delaware Superior Court Patheon Biologics,
Inc. v. Humanigen, Inc., Case No. N22C-10-185 MMJ) for 25.9 million. The Company has filed a countersuit against Thermo for breach
of contract seeking more than 37.5 million. The Company denies Thermo s claims and assertions and will vigorously defend against
them. 

Securities Class Action Litigation 

On August 26, 2022, a putative securities class action complaint
captioned Pieroni v. Humanigen Inc., et al., Case No. 22-cv-05258, was filed in the United States District Court for the District
of New Jersey against the Company, its Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Cameron Durrant, and its former Chief Financial Officer, Timothy Morris.
On October 17, 2022, a second putative securities class action complaint captioned Greenbaum v. Humanigen Inc., et al. , Case No.
22-cv-06118, was filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against the Company, Dr. Durrant, Mr. Morris,
and the Company s Chief Scientific Officer, Dale Chappell. The complaints assert claims and seek damages for alleged violations
of sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The two actions have been consolidated
and a single lead plaintiff and co-lead law firms have been appointed. The Company anticipates filing a Motion to Dismiss in late May
2023. The Company believes that the allegations in the putative complaints are without merit and will vigorously defend against them. 

Shareholder Derivative Litigation 

On January 19, 2023, a derivative lawsuit captioned Chul Yang
derivatively on behalf of Humanigen, Inc. v. Durrant, et al. , Case No. 2:23-cv-00235, was filed in the United States District Court
for the District of New Jersey against the company s Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Cameron Durrant, its former Chief Financial Officer,
Timothy Morris, and each of its Directors. The complaint asserts claims and seeks damages against all of the defendants for alleged violations
of section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder, breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment,
abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets, and against Dr. Durrant and Mr. Morris for alleged violations of
Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The Company anticipates this matter
being stayed pending initial rulings in the consolidated securities class action matter. The Company believes that the allegations in
the derivative action are without merit and will vigorously defend against them. 

63 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for this reporting period and are not required
to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements and The Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on pages F-1 through F-29. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer, who is also acting
as our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The
term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means
controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. 

Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who is also acting
as our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer, who is also acting as our Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). Our Chief Executive Officer, who is also acting as our Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our Chief Executive Officer, who is also acting as our
Chief Financial Officer, used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO,
in Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on that assessment and using the COSO criteria, our Chief Executive Officer,
who is also acting as our Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
was effective. 

This Annual Report does
not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
applicable to smaller reporting companies that permit us to provide only management's report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

64 

Table of Contents 

Inherent Limitations of Controls 

Management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls
also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

65 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

The information contained in our definitive
 proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the captions ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ,
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS and INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE is
 hereby incorporated by reference, or if the 2023 definitive proxy statement is not filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022,
 then we will include such information in a Form 10-K/A we will file with the SEC within such timeframe. Certain other information
 relating to our Executive Officers appears in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Information about
 our Executive Officers. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the caption EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION is hereby incorporated by reference, or
if the 2023 definitive proxy statement is not filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022, then we will include such information in
a Form 10-K/A we will file with the SEC within such timeframe. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the caption SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
is hereby incorporated by reference, or if the 2023 definitive proxy statement is not filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022, then
we will include such information in a Form 10-K/A we will file with the SEC within such timeframe. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the captions CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS and DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE is hereby incorporated by reference, or if the 2023 definitive proxy statement is not filed within 120 days after
December 31, 2022, then we will include such information in a Form 10-K/A we will file with the SEC within such timeframe. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the caption RATIFICATION OF HORNE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM is hereby incorporated by reference, or if the 2023 definitive proxy statement is not filed within 120 days after December
31, 2022, then we will include such information in a Form 10-K/A we will file with the SEC within such timeframe. 

66 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Part I, Item 8 on page F-1 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

(2) All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the information is
included elsewhere in the financial statements or the Notes thereto. 

(3) See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits : 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form + 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Furnished 
Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 July 6, 2016 
 
 3.1 

3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 August 7, 2017 
 
 3.1 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. 
 
 8-K 
 
 February 28, 2018 
 
 3.1 

3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended 
 
 8-K 
 
 September 11, 2020 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 August 7, 2017 
 
 3.2 

4.1 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock, by and between the Registrant and MidCap Financial SBIC, LP, dated as of June 19, 2013. 
 
 8-K 
 
 June 24, 2013 
 
 10.2 

4.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2018, by and among the Registrant and Black Horse Capital Master Fund, Black Horse Capital, Cheval Holdings, Ltd., and Nomis Bay LTD. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 May 8, 2018 
 
 4.6 

4.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2020, by and among the Registrant and the investors party thereto . 
 
 S-1 
 
 June 15, 2020 
 
 10.21 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10-K 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 4.5 

10.1 
 
 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August 10, 2015 
 
 10.2 

10.1.1 
 
 Amendment to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, dated as of September 13, 2016. 

S-8 
 (File No. 333-214110) 
 
 October 14, 2016 
 
 10.2 

10.1.2 
 
 Amendment to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, effective March 9, 2018. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 May 8, 2018 
 
 10.2 

10.2 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 

10-12G 
 (File No. 000-54735) 
 
 June 12, 2012 
 
 10.8 

10.3 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (Outside Directors). 
 
 10-K 
 
 March 13, 2014 
 
 10.37 

10.4 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Award under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 April 24, 2015 
 
 10.1 

67 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form + 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Furnished 
Herewith 

10.5 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 10-K 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 10.5 

10.6 
 
 Development and License Agreement, dated May 11, 2004, by and between the Registrant and the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research. 

10-12G/A 
 (File No. 000-54735) 
 
 August 7, 2012 
 
 10.13 

10.7 
 
 License Agreement, dated April 7, 2006, by and between the Registrant and the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research. 

10-12G/A 
 (File No. 000-54735) 
 
 August 7, 2012 
 
 10.14 

10.7.1 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated October 9, 2008, by and between the Registrant and the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 May 8, 2014 
 
 10.8 

10.7.2 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated June 8, 2011, by and between the Registrant and the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 May 8, 2014 
 
 10.9 

10.8 
 
 Non-Exclusive License Agreement, dated October 15, 2010, by and between the Registrant, BioWa, Inc. and Lonza Sales AG. 

10-12G/A 
 (File No. 000-54735) 
 
 September 12, 2012 
 
 10.16 

10.9 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2020, by and between the Registrant and The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), as represented by the Division of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases (DMID). 
 
 8-K 
 
 July 30, 2020 
 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 Humanigen, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive. Compensation Plan, effective September 11, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 September 11, 2020 
 
 10.1 

10.11 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement under 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August 12, 2021 
 
 10.1 

10.12 
 
 Form of Non-qualified Stock Option Award. Agreement under 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August 12, 2021 
 
 10.2 

10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Dr. Cameron Durrant. 
 
 10-K 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 10.14 

10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Dr. Dale Chappell. 
 
 10-K 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 10.17 

10.15 
 
 License Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2020, by and among the Registrant, KPM Tech Co., Ltd and Telcon RF Pharmaceutical, Inc . 
 
 10-K 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 10.18 

10.16 
 
 Master Services Agreement effective as of January 8, 2021 between the Registrant and EVERSANA Life Science Services, LLC . 
 
 8-K 
 
 January 14, 2021 
 
 10.1 

68 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form + 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Furnished 
Herewith 

10.17 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Hercules Capital, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 May 13, 2021 
 
 10.3 

10.18 
 
 First amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hercules Capital, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 May 5, 2022 
 
 10.1 

10.19 
 
 Description of Registrant s Director Compensation Policy. 

10.20 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated as of December 16, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC 

X 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Horne LLP. 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 USC. 1350. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 USC. 1350. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1
and 32.2 that accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

Confidential treatment has been granted with
respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Certain portions of this exhibit have
been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of such exhibit
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Schedules omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of
Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule upon request by the SEC. 

69 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 30, 2023. 

Humanigen, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Cameron Durrant, M.D., MBA 

Cameron Durrant, M.D., MBA 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Cameron Durrant 

Cameron Durrant, M.D., MBA 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Cameron Durrant 

Cameron Durrant, M.D., MBA 
 
 Acting Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Ronald Barliant 

Ronald Barliant, JD 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Rainer Boehm 

Rainer Boehm, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Cheryl Buxton 

Cheryl Buxton 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Dale Chappell 

Dale Chappell, M.D., MBA 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ John Hohneker 

John Hohneker, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Kevin Xie, Ph.D. 

Kevin Xie, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

70 

Table of Contents 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Humanigen, Inc. 

Contents 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 (PCAOB ID Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Humanigen, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Humanigen,
Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements
(collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses
from operations and its total liabilities exceed its total assets. This raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters also are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with US federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective
or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit
matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Completeness of Accrual for Contract Manufacturing Costs 

As disclosed in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has
accrued contract manufacturing costs of 13.3 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company's consolidated statement of operations includes
contract manufacturing costs within research and development expenses of 46.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company's
determination of accrued contract manufacturing costs at each reporting period requires significant judgment by management, as estimates
are based on a number of factors, including management's knowledge of the contracts and associated timelines, invoicing to date from third
party vendors, and the provisions in the contracts, including cancellation and termination charges and charges for product that do not
meet specifications. The completeness of the contract manufacturing cost accrual is subject to risk of estimation uncertainty for services
provided for which invoices are not received from third party vendors prior to the time the consolidated financial statements are issued
as well as the uncertainty related to the outcome of any contracts with contract manufacturing organizations ("CMOs") currently
in litigation or arbitration as described in Note 11 to the financial statements. 

F- 2 

Table of Contents 

Auditing the completeness of the Company's accrual for contract manufacturing
costs requires significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing appropriate procedures to evaluate the completeness
and accuracy of the audit evidence management utilizes in these estimates. 

To evaluate the completeness of the accrual, our audit procedures included,
among others, inspecting the contracts with CMOs and evaluating the underlying data used in the estimates of the services provided. We
also verified the progress of the contracts with the Company's management and with confirmations obtained directly from CMOs, as well
as tested invoices received from vendors throughout the Company's fiscal year and subsequent to the balance sheet date. For any contracts
with CMOs that are in litigation or arbitration, our audit procedures also included obtaining and evaluating letters of audit inquiry
with external legal counsel and notices of arbitration and litigation to corroborate our inquiries with management and the related accruals
recorded. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 3 

Table of Contents 

Humanigen, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Deferred revenue 

Long-term debt 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 4 

Table of Contents 

Humanigen, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

License revenue 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share

Weighted average common shares outstanding
used to calculate basic and diluted net loss per common share 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 5 

Table of Contents 

Humanigen, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Total 

Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balances at January 1, 2021 

Issuance of common stock, net of expenses 

-

Issuance of stock options for payment of compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock upon option exercise 
 
 -

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock, net of expenses 

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 6 

Table of Contents 

Humanigen, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation expense 

Non-cash interest expense related to debt financing 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Financing activities: 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 -

Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
 -

Principal payments on long-term debt 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosure: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of stock options in lieu of cash compensation 
 -

See accompanying notes. 

F- 7 

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(in thousands unless otherwise indicated,
except share and per share data) 

F- 8 

Table of Contents 

million. Considering the Company s current cash resources and its current and expected levels of operating
expenses for the next twelve months, which includes combined accounts payable and accrued expenses recorded in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 of million, certain of which are in dispute, and manufacturing commitments of million
for 2023, with no significant commitments thereafter (see Note 7 below), the Company requires additional capital to fund the Company s
planned operations. The Company intends to seek to defer payments, negotiate lower amounts or pursue other courses of action for certain
amounts owed to manufacturing and other partners at December 31, 2022. In order to remain a going concern and execute its strategic realignment
plan, the Company must successfully renegotiate these amounts owed, and settle disputes, including current and potential future arbitration
and litigation. The Company recently engaged SC H Capital, an affiliate of SC H Group, SC H ), to advise the
Company on exploration of strategic options to maximize value around its development pipeline. The Company has not set a timetable for
the conclusion of its review of strategic alternatives, and there can be no assurance that this process will result in any transaction.
The Company also may seek to raise such additional capital through public or private equity offerings, including under the Controlled
Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ),
grant financing, convertible and other debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements involving LENZ
and iFab. Additional funds may not be available when the Company needs them on terms that are acceptable to the Company, or at all. If
adequate funds are not available, the Company may be required to delay or reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of its research
or development programs and may not be able to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company raises additional funds through
collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements with third parties, the Company may have to relinquish rights to its technologies,
future revenue streams or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to the Company. While management
believes its realignment plans and its plans to raise additional funds will alleviate the conditions that raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, these plans are not entirely within the Company s control and cannot
be assessed as being probable of occurring. 

F- 9 

Table of Contents 

million and 
million in revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the November 3, 2020 License Agreement (the
 South Korea Agreement with KPM Tech Co., Ltd. KPM and its affiliate, Telcon RF Pharmaceutical, Inc. Telcon ),
as further described in Note 3. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The core principle
of ASC 606 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and/or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and/or services. To determine the
appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized for arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company
performs the following steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract,
(iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (v) recognize
revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. 

F- 10 

Table of Contents 

F- 11 

Table of Contents 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Convertible debt 
 -

million (or million net of withholding taxes and other fees and
royalties), payable promptly following the execution of the License Agreement, which was received in the fourth quarter of 2020, (ii)
up to an aggregate of million in two payments based on achievement by the Company of two specified milestones in the US, of which
the first milestone was met in the first quarter of 2021 and million (or million net of withholding taxes and other fees and
royalties) was received in the second quarter of 2021, and (iii) subsequent to the receipt by the Licensee of the requisite regulatory
approvals, double-digit royalties on the net sales of lenzilumab in South Korea and the Philippines. The Licensee has agreed to certain
development and commercial performance obligations. It is expected that the Company will supply lenzilumab to the Licensee for a minimum
of years at a cost-plus basis from an existing or future manufacturer. The Licensee has agreed to certain minimum purchases of lenzilumab
on an annual basis. 

F- 12 

Table of Contents 

million upfront payment million net of withholding taxes and other fees and royalties) was initially being recognized as revenue ratably over the 29-month period through March of 2023 (the Performance Period ), the expected period over which the Company conservatively expected the Services to be performed with approval in the Territory originally expected by the end of March 2023. In addition, since the milestone was achieved during the Performance Period, the Company recognized revenue to the extent of the proportion of the straight-line basis achieved as of the first quarter of 2021, with the remainder recorded as deferred revenue to be amortized over the remaining Performance Period. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the performance period was reevaluated, and the estimated end date of the performance period was adjusted to December 31, 2025. The change in estimate resulted in a decrease of million in quarterly license revenue as compared to amounts that would have been recorded under the previous timeline. In the years ended December 21, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recognized license revenue totaling approximately million and million, respectively. Prospective periods will reflect the impact of this change in estimate. 

million, million
of which represented the current portion, was recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022
related to the South Korea agreement. There were no contract asset or deferred contract acquisition costs as of December 31, 2022 associated
with the South Korea agreement. 

Additions (1) 

Deductions for performance obligations satisfied: 

In current period 

In prior period 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Deductions for performance obligations satisfied: 

In current period 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(1) Milestone
 payment of 6.0 million (or 4.5 million net of withholding taxes and other fees and royalties). 

F- 13 

Table of Contents 

Accrued milestone and royalties 

Accrued clinical trial-related 

Accrued compensation-related 

Accrued other 

million, in three tranches. On March 29,
2021, the Company drew the initial million tranche under the Term Loan. After giving effect to payment of fees and expenses associated
with the draw, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million. The Term Loan bore interest at a floating rate equal
to the greater of either (i) plus the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal minus , or (ii) . The Company
was initially obligated to make monthly payments of accrued interest under the Term Loan commencing on the initial borrowing date and
continuing to April 1, 2023, followed by monthly installments of principal and interest until March 1, 2025. In July 2022, the Company
prepaid million of outstanding principal, together with approximately million of accrued interest, fees and other
amounts, due under the Term Loan. In connection with the prepayment, the Term Loan with Hercules was terminated, and all obligations,
liens and security interests under the Term Loan were released, discharged and satisfied. By retiring the Term Loan, the Company
reduced future cash payments for interest and enhanced its ability to generate additional liquidity from its intellectual property by
removing the loan s collateral requirements. 

million and million, respectively, and the effective interest rate
was and , respectively. Interest expense in the year ended December 31, 2022 included million in unamortized loan fees recognized
in connection with the loan payoff. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant expires on the tenth
anniversary of its issuance date. As of December 31, 2022, these warrants were fully vested and unexercised. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Savant
Warrant was exercisable for of the shares immediately and exercisable for the remaining shares upon reaching certain regulatory related
milestones. In addition, pursuant to the MDC Agreement, the Company had granted Savant certain piggyback registration rights
for the shares issuable under the Savant Warrant. On June 30, 2020, Savant exercised warrants in a cashless exercise resulting
in shares being issued to Savant in July 2020. The remaining unvested warrants for an aggregate of up to shares expired
on June 30, 2021. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price
of per share. The warrants were fully vested on the date of issue and expire from the issuance date. These warrants remained
unexercised as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 14 

Table of Contents 

million it has asserted the Company owes for services rendered from April 1, 2021 to September
30, 2021. The Company has disputed this assertion and Eversana has filed for arbitration to resolve this dispute. See Note 11 below for
more information on this dispute. 

million for 2023 with no significant commitments thereafter. 

million. The Company has filed a countersuit against Thermo for breach of contract seeking more than million. The
Company denies Thermo s claims and assertions and intends to vigorously defend against them. See Note 11 below for more
information on this dispute. 

per month which expired on August 31, 2022. On September
1, 2022, the Company entered into a new one-year lease with one-month free rent for a small office in the same building in Burlingame,
California for per month which will expire on September 30, 2023. On February 3, 2022, the Company entered into an eighteen-month
lease for an office in Short Hills, New Jersey for approximately per month which will expire on . Management determined
the lease term for each of the leases to be less than 12 months, or immaterial, including renewals, and therefore did not record a right-of-use
asset and corresponding liability under the short-term lease recognition exemption. 

thousand and thousand, respectively, and are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had future minimum lease payments of approximately thousand. 

F- 15 

Table of Contents 

shares of our common stock. In addition, we granted the
underwriters a 30-day option to purchase an additional shares of our common stock. The initial offering closed on April 5, 2021.
On May 3, 2021, we closed on the sale of an additional shares of our common stock related to the exercise of the underwriters 
30-day option. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the shares in the offering, inclusive of the additional shares
purchased by the underwriters, were approximately million. The net proceeds from this offering, after deducting underwriting discounts
and offering costs, were approximately million. 

million through Cantor, as the sales agent. On April 14, 2022, the Company filed
a prospectus in respect of the Sales Agreement which provides the Company with the ability to offer and sell shares of common stock having
an aggregate offering price of up to an additional million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, under the Sales Agreement,
the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock for net proceeds of million, after deducting fees and expenses.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement
and received net proceeds of approximately million. No shares have been sold under the Sales Agreement subsequent to December 31,
2022. 

of
the Company s outstanding shares of common stock on that date. The 2020 Equity Plan became effective on September 11, 2020. 

shares of the Company s
common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2020 Equity Plan. The Board or Compensation Committee may grant the following types
of awards under the 2020 Equity Plan: stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock awards, restricted stock units,
performance shares, performance units, cash-based awards and substitute awards. The 2020 Equity Plan will remain in effect until the tenth
anniversary of its effective date, unless terminated earlier by the Board. For options, the per share exercise price may not be less than
the fair market value of a Company common share on the date of grant. Options generally vest and become exercisable over three years and
expire years from the date of grant. 

shares
available for grant under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 

F- 16 

Table of Contents 

Options: 

Outstanding under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

Outstanding under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 

Available for future grants under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled (forfeited) 

Cancelled (expired) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled (forfeited) 

Cancelled (expired) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

-

Options vested and expected to vest 

-

Exercisable 

-

F- 17 

Table of Contents 

-

1.90 - 2.99 

3.33 - 3.33 

3.5 - 16.07 

16.90 - 16.90 

17.79 - 17.79 

20.00 - 20.00 

million and million, respectively. 

and per
share, respectively. The fair value-based measurement of stock options granted under the Company s stock plans was estimated at
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: 

years 
 - years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

F- 18 

Table of Contents 

Research and development 

Total stock-based compensation 

million
of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to outstanding stock options that will be recognized
over a weighted-average period of years. 

Research and other credits 

Stock based compensation 

In-Process research and development 

Capitalized research and development costs 
 
 -

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

Nondeductible stock compensation 

Other 

Effective tax rate 
 -
 
 -

million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

million, which expire in the years through , and state net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately million, which expire in the years through . The Company also has federal net operating
loss carryforwards generated in the years 2018 through 2022 of million that have no expiration date. 

F- 19 

Table of Contents 

million, which expire in the years through and state research and
development credit carryforwards of approximately million. The state research and development credit carryforwards can be carried
forward indefinitely. 

Additions based on tax positions related to prior year 
 -

Additions based on tax positions related to current year 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions based on tax positions related to prior year 
 -

Additions based on tax positions related to current year 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

thousand and thousand in matching contributions to the
401(k) Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in damages against the Company with the American Arbitration Association entitled Eversana Life
Sciences, LLC v. Humanigen, Inc. (AAA Case No. 01-22-0002-1591). The Demand contains two breach of contract claims related to the
Eversana Agreement between the parties and a related agreement between the companies European subsidiaries, and a claim for unjust
enrichment. Eversana asserts that the Company failed to pay it amounts due for work preparing for the potential commercializing of lenzilumab
performed between April 1, 2021 and September 30, 2021. To date, requests for production and objections thereto have been exchanged. The
arbitration hearing is currently set for August 2023. The Company denies Eversana s claims and assertions and will continue to vigorously
defend against them. 

F- 20 

Table of Contents 

million to Avid (the Settlement Payment ). In addition, the parties mutually agreed that,
effective upon the expiration of 120 days from the date of the Settlement Agreement and only if Humanigen has not by such date filed for
or been placed into bankruptcy or commenced an assignment for the benefit of creditors or other insolvency proceeding, the parties will
dismiss the pending Lenzilumab Disputes and release and discharge each other from all existing claims, demands, causes of actions, charges
and grievances of any kind arising out of, or relating to, the Lenzilumab Disputes and the commercial agreements between the parties,
which were terminated in accordance with their respective terms. 

million (the Settlement Payment to Catalent in full satisfaction of all of the
Company s payment obligations under the MSA for products and prior services, as well as cancellation fees Catalent claimed to be
owed. In consideration of its receipt of the Settlement Payment, which the Company made on December 22, 2022, Catalent waived and released
Catalent s rights to pursue all payments, claims, or invoices for such products and services and cancellation fees, as well as for
some limited additional work to be performed by Catalent, quantified at approximately million in the aggregate. 

million. The Company has filed a countersuit against Thermo for breach of contract seeking more than million. The Company denies Thermo s claims and assertions and will vigorously defend against them. 

F- 21 

Table of Contents 

million to Mayo in June 2020, which payment was accrued as Research and development expense in June 2019. The Mayo Agreement also
requires the payment of milestones and royalties upon the achievement of certain regulatory and commercialization milestones. 

F- 22 

Table of Contents 

F-22 

<EX-10.19>
 2
 ex10_19.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

Exhibit 10.19 

Humanigen, Inc. 

Compensation for Non-employee Directors 

Pursuant to our Director Compensation Program,
each director serving on our Board during 2021 who was not our employee was eligible to compensation for his or her service, as follows.
Until the fourth quarter of 2021, such fees were payable in cash. Commencing in the fourth quarter of 2021, at the option of the director,
such fees were payable in cash, common stock or immediately exercisable stock options having a grant date fair value equal to the equivalent
cash compensation owed. 

Board of Directors member: 40,000; 

Audit committee member: 10,000; 

Audit committee chair: 20,000; 

Compensation committee member: 6,000; 

Compensation committee chair: 12,000; 

Nominating and corporate governance committee member: 4,000; 

Nominating and corporate governance committee chair: 8,000; and 

Transaction committee (disbanded in July 2020) member: 12,000. 

Directors are reimbursed for their reasonable expenses of attending
Board and committee meetings held in person. 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 3
 ex10_20.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20

Exhibit 10.20 

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ],
HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF
PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

SETTLEMENT
AGREEMENT 

This SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement is executed on December 16, 2022 (the Signing Date to be effective as of September
30, 2022 (the Effective Date and entered into by and between Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company with offices at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey, 08873 Catalent ), and Humanigen Inc.
(f/k/a KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), a Delaware corporation with offices at 830 Morris Turnpike, 4th Floor, Short Hills, NJ 07078-2625
(for itself and on behalf of its affiliates, Humanigen ). Humanigen and Catalent are collectively referred to herein
as the Parties . 

R E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS ,
Catalent and Humanigen are parties to that certain Development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2005 (the DMA ),
pursuant to which Catalent provided the development and manufacturing of certain drug products (the Products to
Humanigen. 

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to that certain Multiple Facility Clinical Supply and Services Agreement (the MSA dated July 31, 2020,
by and between Catalent and Humanigen, Catalent has continued to provide Products for Humanigen and, in turn, has invoiced Humanigen for
such Products. 

WHEREAS , as of the Signing
Date of this Agreement, Humanigen owes Catalent at least 14,672,847.26 (the Outstanding Balance and Humanigen
has received additional invoices that are not yet due in the amount of at least 534,323.53 (the Invoices for
Products and Services provided to Humanigen by Catalent pursuant to the terms of the Cell Line Sale Agreement and the MSA. 

WHEREAS ,
as of the Signing Date of this Agreement, Catalent has completed or is performing at least 720,600.00 worth of Services for which Catalent
has not yet rendered invoices to Humanigen (the In-Flight Work ). 

WHEREAS ,
as of the Signing Date of this Agreement, Humanigen owes Catalent at least 6,827,680.00 for Batch Cancellation/Postponement Fees1
(the Cancellation Fees and, together with the Outstanding Balance, Invoices, and In-Flight Work, the
 Obligations ). Catalent will retain ownership of any unused resins that were procured for Humanigen. 

WHEREAS ,
by letter July 29, 2022, Catalent provided formal notice of Humanigen s breach under Section 10.2.1 the MSA and demanded payment
in full of the Outstanding Balance. 

_______________________________ 

1 
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings as ascribed to them in the MSA. 

PAGE 1 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties have decided to enter into this Agreement in a good faith effort to ensure the continued provision of Products to Humanigen
as provided herein and to provide for the orderly payment in satisfaction of the Obligations to Catalent. 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Parties hereto, the Parties hereby
agree as follows: 

Section 1. Acknowledgements; Releases. 

(a) Incorporation
of Recitals . Humanigen and Catalent acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth above are true and correct and incorporated
herein by reference. 

(b) Catalent
Claims . As used in this Agreement, Catalent Claims means all obligations and all amounts accrued, accruing,
due or payable which Humanigen owes Catalent under the MSA, including without limitation all claims, causes of action, liabilities, remedies,
or losses of every nature and description, whether known or unknown, whether arising under federal, state, common, or foreign law, whether
individual or derivative in nature, that arise out of, are based upon, or are related to the following matters: 

(i) the payment Obligations identified herein as identified in Exhibit A-1 through the Signing Date, plus
any previously accrued and accruing interest thereon and costs and expenses; 

(ii) any payment defaults under the MSA up to and through the Signing Date, which could be declared by Catalent; 

(iii) any price, penalty or payment provision of the MSA that give rise to the Obligations or other Catalent
Claims; 

(iv) [ ]; 

(v) any defenses, claims, setoffs, discounts, counterclaims of any kind or nature whatsoever which could be
asserted by Catalent related to the Humanigen Claims; and 

(vi) the Obligations and other claims further outlined Exhibit A-1 attached hereto; 

provided, however, that the
Catalent Claims shall exclude the obligations of Humanigen which are (i) expressly specified Exhibit
B-1 attached hereto (the Humanigen Surviving Obligations ), (ii) for services provided from Catalent
sites that are not routed through Bloomington and Madison, or (iii) for services provided under agreements with Catalent or its
Affiliates under agreements other than the MSA at Bloomington and Madison. Catalent, on behalf of its sites in Bloomington and
Madison, confirms and agrees that no unpaid invoices have been issued, and no amounts are accrued, accruing, due or payable, which
are not listed in Exhibit A-1 , prior to the Signing Date. 

PAGE 2 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

(c) Release
of Catalent Claims . Catalent, on behalf of itself and its affiliates, and each of their respective shareholders, directors, officers,
employees, agents, attorneys, advisors, and representatives, and the predecessors, successors, and assigns of each of the foregoing persons
and entities, hereby fully, finally, and forever compromises, settles, releases, resolves, relinquishes, waives, and discharges Humanigen
and its affiliates, and each of their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors, representatives,
and insurers, and the predecessors, successors, and assigns of each of the foregoing persons and entities, from and against any and all
Catalent Claims. 

(d) Humanigen
Claims. As used in this Agreement, Humanigen Claims means all amounts accrued, accruing, due or payable before
or on the Signing Date which Catalent owes Humanigen, including without limitation all claims, causes of action, liabilities, remedies,
or losses of every nature and description, whether known or unknown, whether arising under federal, state, common, or foreign law, whether
individual or derivative in nature, that arise out of, are based upon, or are related to the following matters: 

(i) any defaults or any claims that Humanigen may have under the MSA up to and through the Signing Date which
could be declared by Humanigen; 

(ii) for purposes of Section 4.2 of the MSA, any claim of non-conformity for the future single scheduled run
on Vial Line 1, unless such Product nonconformity is Catalent Nonconforming Product directly caused by Catalent s
willful misconduct (rather than Catalent s negligent acts or omissions as specified in Section 4.1.1 of the MSA); 

(iii) any price, penalty or payment provision of any of the MSA that give rise to the Humanigen Claims; or 

(iv) any defenses, claims, setoffs, discounts, counterclaims of any kind or nature whatsoever which could be
asserted by Humanigen related to the Catalent Claims; 

provided, however, that the Humanigen Claims shall
 exclude the obligations of Catalent which are expressly specified (i) in Exhibit B-2 attached hereto (the Catalent
Surviving Obligations and (ii) in Section 7.2 (Catalent s Indemnification Obligations) of the MSA. 

(e) Release of Humanigen Claims . Humanigen, on behalf of itself and its affiliates, and each of their respective shareholders, directors,
officers, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors, and representatives, and the predecessors, successors, and assigns of each of the foregoing
persons and entities, hereby fully, finally, and forever compromises, settles, releases, resolves, relinquishes, waives, and discharges
Catalent and its affiliates, and each of their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors, representatives,
and insurers, and the predecessors, successors, and assigns of each of the foregoing persons and entities, from and against any and all
Humanigen Claims. 

PAGE 3 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

(f) Future Work . Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, Catalent sites at Madison and Bloomington shall cease all work
for Humanigen except for the following: 

(i) all work listed as In-Flight in Exhibit A-1; 

(ii) [ ]; and 

(iii) all work listed as Continued Work in Exhibit B-3 (for stability work, on a per
 timepoint basis as requested by Humanigen). For avoidance of doubt, the Continued Work shall not be considered part of
 the Catalent Surviving Obligations and it is not included in the scope of this Agreement and shall require separate payment on
 behalf of Humanigen to Catalent at the prices previously agreed in the relevant Project Plan. For further clarity, Catalent shall
 not be obligated to perform the Continued Work without reaching prior agreement with Humanigen with respect to the payment
 obligations for such Continued Work, which may require pre-payment in Catalent s sole discretion. As it relates to the
 stability studies, pre-payment would be (i) per stability time point tested (given that Humanigen may discontinue stability testing
 for specific batches by notice to Catalent) and (ii) align to how the invoicing is specified
in each stability Project Plan. 

The Parties agree that all other
Project Plans from Bloomington and Madison under the MSA are either completed or terminated by mutual agreement with all amounts
accrued, accruing, due or payable included within the Catalent Claims. For avoidance of doubt, any storage fees after the Effective
Date associated with any completed or terminated Project Plans pursuant to this section shall survive and are not included within
the scope of this Agreement. For further clarity, Catalent reserves all rights, including, but not limited to, the rights afforded
to Catalent pursuant to Section 3.9.7 of the MSA in
the event Humanigen fails to make payment for any future amounts owed not included in this Agreement. 

(g) Unknown Claims . The Parties hereto acknowledge that there is a risk that subsequent to the execution of this Agreement, a Party
may discover, incur, or suffer from claims which were unknown or unanticipated at the time this Agreement was executed, including, without
limitation, unknown or unanticipated claims which, if known, may have materially affected a Party s decision to execute this Agreement.
The Parties acknowledge that they are assuming the risk of such unknown and unanticipated claims and agree that this Agreement applies
thereto. The Parties expressly waive the benefits of any law that preserves claims not known or suspected to exist in their favor which,
if known or anticipated, would have materially affected the execution of this Agreement. 

(h) Survival . Anything else in this Agreement notwithstanding, the Parties do not release any Party from any claims related to the
enforcement of this Agreement. 

PAGE 4 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

Section 2. Settlement Amount and Payment 

(a) Settlement
Amount . In full satisfaction of the Obligations, Humanigen agrees to pay the Catalent a one-time payment in the amount of 12,000,000.00
(the Settlement Amount ). 

(b) Payment. 
Humanigen shall pay Catalent the Settlement Amount within 10 business days of the Signing Date of this Agreement. 

(c) Full
Satisfaction. Upon Catalent s receipt of the Settlement Amount in full, Humanigen shall have satisfied all of its payment obligations
under the MSA prior to and through the Signing Date as further outlined in Exhibit A-1 for Products and Services provided prior to or
on the Signing Date (for avoidance of doubt this excludes the Continued Work identified in Exhibit B-3), and Catalent shall waive and
release Catalent s rights to pursue other payments, claims, or invoices that are owed by Humanigen to Catalent for the Catalent
Claims. For clarity, in the event that Humanigen does not timely pay the Settlement Amount, then this Agreement shall become null and
void and Humanigen shall owe to Catalent the full amount of Obligations, pending any defenses, claims, setoffs, discounts, counterclaims
of any kind or nature whatsoever which could be asserted by Humanigen. 

Section 3 . Representations
and Warranties . 

To induce each Party to enter into this
Agreement, each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party that: 

(a) Authorization;
Binding Obligations . Such Party has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action by such Party. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by such Party and is the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with
its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law). 

(b) Ownership
of Claims . Each Party represents and warrants that such Party has not assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer,
any claim or claims, or any portion thereof, or any interest therein, that is related to the subject matter of this Agreement. In the
event of such transfer or assignment, each Party shall provide notice within thirty (30) days, or as soon as is practicable. 

(c) Conditions
to Effectiveness; Payment . This Agreement shall become effective as of the date set forth above (the Effective Date only upon receipt by each Party of counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by the other Party. 

PAGE 5 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

Section 4. Insolvency/Clawback Procedure . 

In the event
that Humanigen becomes a debtor or an alleged debtor in a case filed under chapters 7 or 11 of the Bankruptcy Code or an assignor in an
assignment for the benefit of creditors proceeding, or is placed into receivership or other similar insolvency proceeding; and thereafter
Catalent is required to defend, refund or repay some or all of the Settlement Amount as a result of a demand or action alleging that that
Catalent s receipt of the Settlement Amount is voidable as a preferential transfer or fraudulent conveyance (a Clawback
Event ), then Humanigen and Catalent agree that Catalent shall be entitled to assert as a claim the full amount of the Obligations
that Catalent claims is due and owing, minus any portion thereof retained by Catalent. 

Section 5. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Indemnification; Fees and Expenses . The prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover all fees and expenses incurred by
such Party (including reasonable attorneys fees) in any action or proceeding in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement
and any acts contemplated hereby. 

(b) Time is of the Essence . Time shall be of the strictest essence in the performance of each and every one of each Party s
obligations hereunder. 

(c) No
Termination . Neither Party shall have a right for termination of this Agreement. 

(d) Voluntary
Agreement . Catalent and Humanigen understand that this is a legally binding agreement that may affect each Party s
respective rights. Each Party represents to the other Party that it has received legal advice from counsel of its choice in
connection with the negotiation, drafting, meaning and legal significance of this Agreement and that it is satisfied with its legal
counsel and the advice received from it. Each Party (i) has entered into this Agreement freely and voluntarily, without coercion,
duress, distress or undue influence by the other Party or any other person or entity affiliated with the other Party or any of their
respective directors, offices, partners, agents or employees; and (ii) acknowledges and agrees that the terms and provisions of this
Agreement do not conflict with, and are consistent with, the manner in which each of them has determined to conduct its affairs. 

(e) Construction . Should any provision of this Agreement require judicial interpretation, it is agreed that a court interpreting
or construing the same shall not apply a presumption that the terms of this Agreement shall be more strictly construed against any Party
by reason of the rule of construction that a document is to be construed more strictly against the Party who itself or through its agent
prepared the same. 

(f) Binding Agreement . On and as of the Signing Date (subject to Humanigen s full satisfaction of its payment obligations
herein), this Agreement shall be effective as to, and for the benefit of, Humanigen or Catalent, and thereupon shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of each of such signatory Parties and their respective heirs, successors and assigns. 

PAGE 6 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

(g) Headings . Section and subsection headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall
not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 

(h) Applicable
Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE
APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN THAT STATE AND ANY APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. 

(i) Confidentiality . The existence and terms of this Agreement shall remain confidential, except as required by law, regulation,
stock exchange requirement, court order, or other exceptions agreed to by the Parties (such exceptions to include disclosures to their
accountants, auditors, attorneys, advisors, insurance providers, lenders, rating agencies, and regulators, but only to the extent that
such recipient of such disclosure is required to maintain as strictly confidential the existence and terms of this Settlement Agreement).
No Party shall make, or cause any other individual or entity to make, any public statement regarding the Settlement Agreement. 

(j) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including .pdf or electronic signature, and
by different Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all
such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument; signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts
and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are physically attached to the same document. 

[signature page follows] 

PAGE 7 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized as of the date first written above. 

CATALENT PHARMA SOLUTIONS, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Vikalp Mohan 

Name: Vikalp Mohan 

Title: Vice President, Head of Drug Substance 

Date: 12/16/2022 

HUMANIGEN, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Cameron Durrant 

Name: Dr. Cameron Durrant, MD, MBA, DRCOG, MRCGP, FLSW 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

PAGE 8 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

EXHIBIT A: RELEASED CLAIMS 

[ ] 

PAGE 9 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

EXHIBIT B: PARTIES 
CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS 

 B-1: Surviving Humanigen Obligations 

1. Future contracted Drug Product run Batch Fees or Project Services (for avoidance of doubt, this does
not include, and the project service fees shall not apply, for the Agreed Single Batch production run on Vial Line 1 that the Parties
are working in good faith to schedule before April 2023, which the Parties agree is included in Catalent s Surviving Obligations). 

2. Future Pass Through Costs, Stock Materials and Components, and PPF Kits. 

3. Future stability testing/reporting costs for pull points after September, 2022 stability pulls as
further described in the Continued Work listed in Exhibit B-3). 

4. Future shipping costs. 

5. Future storage costs. 

6. Future quality costs to support ongoing stability studies, including, but not limited to requalification
of reference standard and critical reagents (such as used for ELISA). 

Non-MSA Amounts 

7. Any invoices and/or in-flight work for other Catalent sites that are not routed through Bloomington and
Madison. 

8. Any further licensing, milestone, or other similar and/or related fees or payments associated with any
agreement other than the MSA between the Parties, including, but not limited to the DMA and the GPEx Derived Cell Line Agreement. 

9. For avoidance of doubt, Catalent will retain ownership of any unused resins that were procured for
Humanigen. 

B-2: Surviving Catalent Obligations 

1. [ ] 

2. Pending Reports . Catalent shall deliver (as delivery is defined in the MSA) any outstanding reports,
product, batch records, data and similar information arising out of the applicable SOW or Project Plans listed in Exhibit A-1 within (i)
fifteen (15) business days for reports completed as of the Signing Date or (ii) forty five (45) business days of receipt by Catalent of
full payment of the Settlement Amount for all other reports that are not completed as of the Signing Date. The cost for such reports
is included within the Catalent Claims. 

PAGE 10 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY, IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

B-3: Continued Work 

1. Pulled stability timepoints between Sept 30th and Signing Date which were not terminated by Humanigen. 

2. The following future stability testing points, associated storage fees, and activities described below: 

[ ] 

3. Storage of working cell banks. 

4. All storage fees beyond the Effective Date. 

PAGE 11 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Humanigen, Inc. 

Name 
 State/Country of Incorporation/Formation 
 Status 
 
 Humanigen, Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 
 Active 

Humanigen Australia Pty, Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Active 

Humanigen Europe, Ltd. 
 Ireland 
 Active 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form
S-3 (Nos. 333-248485, 333-239161 and 333-263132) and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-183725, 333-194597, 333-202934, 333-206321, 333-214110, 333-239161,
and 333-248793) of Humanigen, Inc. of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Humanigen
Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Humanigen, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ HORNE LLP 

Ridgeland, Mississippi 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Cameron Durrant, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Humanigen, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Cameron Durrant 

Cameron Durrant, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Cameron Durrant, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Humanigen, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Cameron Durrant 

Cameron Durrant, Acting Chief Financial Officer
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 USC. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Cameron Durrant, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 USC. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Humanigen,
Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report of Humanigen, Inc. on Form 10-K fairly presents
in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Humanigen, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Cameron Durrant 

Name: 
 Cameron Durrant 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 USC. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Cameron Durrant, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 USC. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Humanigen,
Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report of Humanigen, Inc. on Form 10-K fairly presents
in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Humanigen, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Cameron Durrant 

Name: 
 Cameron Durrant 
 
 Title: 
 Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hgen-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hgen-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hgen-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hgen-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hgen-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

