<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1645070_0001645070-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17267404</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>576576</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4949986</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4623346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3599337</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3267214</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001645070-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302160435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001645070-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sterling Check Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001645070
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40829
		FILM NUMBER:		23698811

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 STATE STREET PLAZA, 24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-899-2272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 STATE STREET PLAZA, 24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001645070-23-000013.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 ster-20221231.htm
 10-K

ster-20221231 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was approximately million. 
 
 The total number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, as of February 28, 2023 was (excluding treasury shares of 1,541,163). 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 60 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 60 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
 62 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 63 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 63 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 88 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 90 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 134 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 134 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 135 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 132 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 135 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 135 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 137 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 137 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 137 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 138 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 140 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and we intend that all forward-looking statements that we make will be subject to the safe harbor protections created thereby. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as aim, anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, playbook, potential, predict, projection, seek, should, will or would, or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. In particular, statements that address market trends, and statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects or assumptions, or statements regarding future events or performance contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking statements. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors, including those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, or could affect our share price. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements include: 
 
 changes in economic, political and market conditions, including concerns of a potential economic downturn or recession, and the impact of these changes on our clients hiring trends; 
 
 the sufficiency of our cash to meet our liquidity needs; 
 
 the possibility of cyber-attacks, security vulnerabilities and internet disruptions, including breaches of data security and privacy leaks, data loss and business interruptions; 
 
 our ability to comply with the extensive United States U.S. and foreign laws, regulations and policies applicable to our industry, and changes in such laws, regulations and policies; 
 
 our compliance with data privacy laws and regulations; 
 
 potential liability for failures to provide accurate information to our clients, which may not be covered, or may be only partially covered, by insurance; 
 
 the possible effects of negative publicity on our reputation and the value of our brand; 
 
 our failure to compete successfully; 
 
 our ability to keep pace with changes in technology and to provide timely enhancements to our products and services; 
 
 the continued impact of COVID-19 on global markets, economic conditions and the response by governments and third parties; 
 
 our ability to cost-effectively attract new clients and retain our existing clients; 
 
 our ability to grow our Identity-as-a-Service offerings; 
 
 our success in new product introductions and adjacent market penetrations; 
 
 our ability to expand into new geographies; 
 
 our ability to pursue and integrate strategic mergers and acquisitions; 
 
 design defects, errors, failures or delays with our products and services; 
 
 systems failures, interruptions, delays in services, catastrophic events and resulting interruptions; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

natural or man-made disasters including pandemics and other significant public health emergencies, outbreaks of hostilities or effects of climate change and our ability to deal effectively with damage or disruption caused by the foregoing; 
 
 our ability to implement our business strategies profitably; 
 
 our ability to retain the services of certain members of our management; 
 
 our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property; 
 
 our ability to implement, maintain and improve effective internal controls; 
 
 our ability to comply with public company requirements in a timely and cost-effect ive manner, and expense strain on our resources and diversion of our management s attention resulting from public company compliance requirements; and 
 
 the other risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development of the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and events in the industry in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and operational information using our investor relations website, press releases, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Information about Sterling Check Corp., our business, and our results of operations may also be announced by posts on our accounts on social media channels, including the following: Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our social media channels and on our website is deemed not to be incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information that we post through these social media channels and on our website may be deemed material. As a result, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in Sterling Check Corp. to monitor these social media channels in addition to following our investor relations website, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The list of social media channels we use may be updated from time to time on our investor relations website. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 Sterling Overview 
 Sterling Check Corp. the Company, Sterling, we, us or our is incorporated in the state of Delaware and its principal executive offices are at 1 State Street Plaza, 24 th Floor, New York, New York. Our phone number is 1 (800) 853-3228 and our website address is www.sterlingcheck.com . Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol STER . 
 We are a leading global provider of technology-enabled background and identity verification services. We provide the foundation of trust and safety that our clients need to create great environments for their most essential resource people. We offer a comprehensive hiring and risk management solution that begins with identity verification, followed by criminal background screening, credential verification, drug and health screening, processing of employee documentation required for onboarding and ongoing risk monitoring. Our services are generally delivered through our purpose-built, proprietary, cloud-based technology platform that empowers 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 organizations with real-time and data-driven insights to conduct and manage their employment screening programs efficiently and effectively. Our clients face a dynamic and rapidly evolving global labor market with increasing complexity and regulatory requirements. We believe that our services and platform enable organizations to make more informed employment decisions, improve workplace safety, protect their brand and mitigate risk. As a result, we believe our solutions are mission-critical to our clients core human resources, risk management and compliance functions. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we completed over 110 million searches for over 50,000 clients, including over 50 of the Fortune 100 and over 50 of the Fortune 500. 
 We have built an award-winning proprietary and cloud-based technology platform. Our client and candidate interfaces provide easy-to-use and mobile-first ordering, task and program management, results delivery and reporting analytics. This enables our clients to gain meaningful insights into their risk mitigation programs, all while creating exceptional candidate and employee experiences. Our interfaces are supported by our powerful artificial intelligence AI )-driven fulfillment platform, which leverages more than 3,300 automation integrations, including Application Programming Interfaces APIs and Robotic Process Automation RPA bots. This enables 90 of our United States U.S. criminal searches to be automated and allows us to complete 50 of U.S. criminal searches within the first five minutes, 65 of U.S. criminal searches within the first 15 minutes, over 70 of U.S. criminal searches within the first hour and 90 within the first day. As of December 31, 2022, over 95 of our revenue is processed through platforms hosted in the cloud, which allows us to consistently maintain 99.9 platform availability while being prepared to scale into the future. These platforms are seamlessly integrated into over 75 applicant tracking systems ATS and Human Capital Management HCM systems and our clients in-house supply chain systems, thus creating relatively frictionless, fast and unified candidate hiring experiences. Moreover, gig economy, contingent workforce, and enterprise clients, who utilize proprietary candidate workflow systems, may integrate into Sterling s platform by leveraging our proprietary API. When combined, we believe our solutions deliver convenient and easy-to-use front-end interfaces, accurate and fast results, and enable our clients to effectively manage complex programs in a compliant and cost-effective manner. We believe that our technology cannot be easily replicated without substantial investment. 
 As part of our strategic transformation, in early 2019, we launched Project Ignite, a three-phase strategic investment initiative to create a cloud-native enterprise-class global platform. The remaining investment, which we substantially completed in 2022, migrated our corporate technological infrastructure to the cloud and enabled us to decommission redundant fulfillment systems. We have benefited from the delivery of our new client and candidate interfaces, scalable cloud-based infrastructure for our global production platform and an improved security environment through new business wins, improved client retention and the ability to launch products rapidly to meet immediate client needs, as we did in 2022 when we developed our robust and proprietary core I-9 offering into a fully integrated I-9 solution within our Sterling platform and partner ecosystem. In 2022, we also strengthened our competitive differentiation through the expansion of our identity capabilities in both the U.S. and the United Kingdom (the U.K ). In the U.S., with ID.me, we believe that we became the only background screening provider to have a fully integrated reusable identity workflow within the screening process, furthering our leadership position to deliver identity services for employers in the U.S. In the U.K., we became the first background screening organization to become a certified digital identity service provider and have partnered with Yoti to develop a comprehensive global identity verification solution. This new capability enables a faster and easier experience for prospective talent in the U.K. to verify themselves using modern technology while reducing the chance of identity fraud. At the end of 2022, we also launched Project Nucleus which we expect to drive meaningful cost savings and efficiency gains in our cost of revenues. This initiative aims to enhance our organization by re-engineering processes, driving fulfillment labor cost reductions and identifying and executing on additional automation opportunities with a focus on our global fulfillment process. As part of our journey of growth and optimization, in 2022, we continued to refine our corporate strategy and our commitment to delivering stockholder value by executing on the growth opportunities in front of us. We have a number of key execution elements to help us achieve our goals, including increasing our revenues with existing clients, acquiring new clients, growing market share internationally, and utilizing M A to supplement our organic revenue growth. As part of our refreshed strategy, we have begun executing on a restructuring program to realign senior leadership and functions, with the goal of elevating our go-to-market strategy and accelerating our technology and product innovation. Over the long term, we expect these investments and strategic changes to further enhance our margins, improve time to market as we build once and deploy globally and allow us to increase innovation. 
 Our client-centric approach underpins everything we do. We serve a diverse and global client base in a wide range of industries, such as healthcare, gig economy, financial and business services, industrials, retail, contingent, technology, media and entertainment, transportation and logistics, hospitality, education and government. Employers are facing numerous challenges, including complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements, a rise in fraudulent job applications, a growing spotlight on reputation and a more complex global workforce. Successfully navigating these challenges requires an industry-specific perspective, given differing candidate profiles, economics, competitive dynamics and regulatory demands. To serve these differing needs, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 our sales and support delivery model is organized around teams dedicated to specific industries Verticals and geographic markets Regions ). Our delivery model provides our clients with both the personal touch and consultative partnership of a small boutique firm and the global reach, scale, innovation and resources of an industry leader. Additionally, this delivery model supports our principle of Compliance by Design , enabling clients to maintain compliance globally. We believe the combination of our deep market expertise from our sales and support combined with the flexibility of our proprietary technology platform enable us to deliver industry-relevant, highly specialized solutions to our clients in a scalable manner, driving growth and differentiating us from our competitors. This has allowed us to develop long-standing relationships and a highly trusted brand with our clients as evidenced by the average tenure of our top 100 clients, based on 2021 and 2022 total revenue, at nine years, our average client net promoter score NPS of greater than 50 and a gross retention rate of 96 for 2021 and 2022. 
 Throughout our more than 45-year operating history, innovation and self-disruption have been at the core of what we do every day. Our history of unique, industry-oriented market insights allows us to be at the forefront of innovation which includes multiple industry-leading solutions. For example, we pioneered criminal fulfillment technology (CourtDirect), arrest record and incarceration alert products, post-hire monitoring capabilities, AI-enhanced record review and validation process and the industry s only proprietary technology in a single-sourced U.S.-nationwide fingerprint network. Our commitment to innovation has continued with the recent development of enhanced global language support capabilities, a cloud-based operating platform, our exclusive partnership with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA serving as their fingerprint services provider, and a comprehensive global identity verification solution through our partnership with ID.me in the U.S. and with Yoti internationally. Enabled by our market leadership and platform investments, we have established a foundation and roadmap for future innovation which includes industry-specific products, growing our Identity-as-a-Service capabilities and further geographic expansion. 
 On September 27, 2021, we completed our initial public offering IPO ), in which we and certain selling stockholders sold an aggregate of 16,427,750 shares of our common stock, 0.01 par value per share, consisting of 4,760,000 newly issued shares that we sold, 9,525,000 secondary shares that the selling stockholders sold and 2,142,750 shares that the selling stockholders sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares at an offering price of 23.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds to us of 94.5 million, after deducting the underwriting discount of 6.8 million and offering expenses of 8.1 million, of which 0.2 million was unpaid as of December 31, 2021. On November 1, 2021, we utilized proceeds from the IPO and cash on hand to repay 100.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our term loan (the First Lien Term Loan ). 
 On November 30, 2021, we acquired Employment Background Investigations, Inc. EBI for a purchase price of 67.8 million, consisting of 66.3 million of cash and 1.5 million of contingent consideration recorded at fair value. EBI provides background screening, drug testing, occupational healthcare and electronic Form I-9 solutions for today s talent acquisition and workforce management needs. This acquisition expanded our presence in key U.S. Verticals, including financial services, healthcare, retail, manufacturing and transportation. 
 On November 23, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our shares of common stock over a period through December 31, 2024. The program is expected to be funded through our existing cash and future free cash flow. The share repurchase program is being executed on a discretionary basis through open market repurchases, private transactions or other transactions, including through block trades and Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 939,417 shares for approximately 14.0 million. 
 
 On November 29, 2022, we completed the refinancing of our existing credit facilities with new credit facilities comprised of a 300.0 million term loan and a 400.0 million revolving credit facility. The 2022 Credit Agreement (as defined in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facility extended our debt maturity profile to November 2027, increased our credit capacity, and is expected to reduce our annual interest expense. On February 28, 2023, we entered into an amortizing 300.0 million notional value interest rate swap. The notional value steps down from 300.0 million to 150.0 million on February 27, 2026. The swap provides for us to pay, as applied to the notional value, a fixed rate of interest of 4.26 monthly and receive, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to the greater of the one-month term SOFR and a floor of (0.10 ), as applied to the notional value (the Floating Leg ). The interest rate swap matures on November 29, 2027. The interest expense related to the 2022 Credit Agreement will be offset by proceeds received from the Floating Leg of the interest rate swap. 
 
 In January 2023, we expanded our global presence into Latin America through the acquisition of Socrates Limited and its affiliates Socrates ), the largest independent screening company in Latin America. The acquisition will allow us to better serve the rapidly growing regional hiring needs of both multi-national and local clients in a region with rapidly increasing hiring demands. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 On March 1, 2023, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of A-Check Global, a U.S.-based employment screening organization, providing us access to a high quality, enterprise-focused customer base diversified across attractive verticals including healthcare and telecom. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, our revenues were 454.1 million, 641.9 million and 766.8 million , respectively. Our net losses were 52.3 million and 18.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and our net income was 19.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We recorded an operating loss of 23.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and operating income of 0.4 million and 59.0 million f or the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, our Adjusted EBITDA was 99.8 million, 179.2 million and 198.5 million , respectively, and our Adjusted Net Income was 26.7 million, 92.2 million and 106.5 million , respectively. For the definitions of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income and a reconciliation to net income, their most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 The global background and identity verification market in which we operate is large, growing and highly fragmented representing a 18 billion total addressable market as of 2021, which is expected to grow at a 12 compound annual growth rate CAGR to 33 billion in 2026. The total addressable market comprises three distinct components as follows: the 6 billion global pre-hire employment screening services market (source: Acclaro Growth Partners Acclaro ), July 2021), expected to grow at a 6 CAGR to 9 billion in 2026, the 3 billion global post-hire employment screening services market (source: Acclaro, July 2021), expected to grow at a 12 CAGR to 5 billion in 2026, as well as the 9 billion global identity verification market (source: MarketsandMarkets, December 2021), expected to grow at a 17 CAGR to 19 billion in 2026. 
 Our addressable market is rapidly evolving and benefits from a number of key demand drivers, many of which increase the need for more flexible, comprehensive screening and hiring solutions, including the following: 
 Growing participation in the gig economy and contingent workforce 
 The gig economy and contingent workforce consists of independent contractors, online platform workers, contract firm workers and contingent workers. According to Upwork s 2022 Freelance Forward survey, 39 of the U.S. workforce performed freelance work during 2022, an increase over 2021 s 36 rate, and this proportion is expected to increase. Amongst Gen-Z and millennials, the share of workers who participated in freelance work are even higher at 43 and 46 , respectively. The rise and expansion of the gig economy and contingent workforce results in a greater portion of the workforce being sourced from temporary or on-demand labor pools. Additionally, the rise of competing gig platforms has made it easier for gig workers to shift between platforms, thus increasing the demand for screening. As the gig economy caters to clients in a very direct and personal way (e.g., rideshare, goods delivery, household services) and large corporations continue to increase utilization of a contingent workforce that may access sensitive information, safe and effective background screening capabilities have become critical. We believe that continued growth in the gig and contingent workforce model for the foreseeable future will support clear demand for Sterling s deep expertise and tailored solutions. 
 Elevated voluntary employee churn 
 Generational and structural shifts in the workforce have led to elevated levels of voluntary employee churn, particularly with younger workers. Members of the millennial and Gen-Z generations switch jobs more frequently than previous generations. According to a December 2022 LinkedIn study, 61 of American workers are considering leaving their jobs in 2023. Among Gen-Z workers, 72 are considering quitting, as are 66 of millennials. Moreover, the generational movement away from unions and defined benefit plans reduces contractual and financial incentives to stay in a particular role, reducing switching costs for employees. The ongoing structural shift from in-office to remote work further reduces the historical geographic matching challenge employers and employees faced, further reducing switching costs for employees and expanding talent pools for employers. These trends support increasing demand for global, fast and efficient employment screening and identity verification services that only providers of scale, like Sterling, can sufficiently address. 
 
 The rise of fraudulent job applications and growing spotlight on a company s reputational risk 
 False claims within job applications are a growing concern for employers. According to a 2023 ResumeBuilder.com study, 72 of Americans admit to lying on their resumes, with education and years 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 of experience being the top two areas of falsification. False claims by candidates can put an organization at significant risk. Costs include not only salary but also incentives, benefits, recruiting expenses, administrative costs and the cost to restart the process in recruiting a candidate. In extreme cases, the employee may cause harm in the workplace, leading to a claim of negligent hiring, forcing the employer to contend with the cost and time of litigation and possible significant damages or settlements. Additionally, there may be considerable reputational risk to the employer, whose safety and trust may be called into question. Utilizing background and identification verification services helps organizations to mitigate these risks. 
 Proliferation of person al data driving need for identity verification 
 According to a 2022 report by the Federal Trade Commission, the total number of fraud and identity thefts in 2021 was 5.7 million, an almost 18 increase compared to 2020 (4.9 million). In addition, according to a recent Risk Based Security report, the top two data types exposed in breaches were names (63.9 and Social Security numbers (40.6 ). This growth in exposed identities, especially names and social security numbers, puts more identities at risk of theft. Verifying identity is a powerful tool that employers can use to help ensure that their candidates and workers are who they claim to be and that fraudulent data is not used during the hiring and onboarding process. 
 Increase in backgr ound screening adoption outside the U.S. 
 We believe that pre-hire candidate screening is significantly less common outside of the U.S. Many international markets are beginning to view employment background checks as a critical component of their hiring functions. Additionally, the international expansion of U.S.-based global companies and their desire to offer centralized and comparable hiring practices has introduced the benefits of background screening to foreign markets. For these employers, global background checks are critical in order to comply with regulatory requirements, standardize their quality of hires and protect against negligent hiring risks. However, international background checks or verifying foreign credentials presents additional complexities, as employers may not be familiar with foreign customs or information sources, and the time and cost to hire employees with international histories are often much more significant. Background and identity verification service firms that can navigate these international challenges present a clear advantage for employers. 
 Increase in continuous monitoring or post-hire screening processes 
 While some industries have regulatory requirements for post-hire screening, employers from all industries are increasingly focused on managing risk in the workplace through continuous screening and monitoring. According to a 2021 report by the Professional Background Screening Association PBSA ), 19 of organizations worldwide conduct background checks on a recurring basis in addition to during the initial hiring/onboarding process. Continuous screening allows for greater mobility and safety for remote, onsite and contingent jobs, with monitoring solutions such as screening for healthcare sanctions, medical licenses, motor vehicle registration monitoring and social media monitoring helping ensure compliance with on-going certification and licensing requirements as well as prompting risk warnings on any changes to an employee s profile, including any criminal activity, drug use or health changes, amongst others. 
 Increasing regulatory, compliance and risk management requirements 
 Increasing regulation is creating a heightened and complex risk of potential liabilities related to hiring and workforce management that is increasingly difficult for employers to manage. U.S. employee privacy and data protection laws are complicated and vary state-to-state. In addition, the interpretation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA is continuously evolving. Other complexities include variations in drug testing laws by industry and state and the introduction of ban the box and fair chance laws at the local, state, and federal level, which limit an employer s ability to inquire about criminal histories and to consider them in making employment decisions. Outside the U.S., the European Union General Data Protection Regulation GDPR introduced significant changes in the way personal data is protected and handled in the European Union (the EU ). In response, organizations are increasing their focus on compliance functions to ensure they meet these evolving legal and regulatory requirements, often turning to outsourced service providers. As they do, large service providers like Sterling with the depth and experience to help companies navigate these intricacies will continue to benefit from the increase in regulatory complexity. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we differentiate ourselves through the following key competitive strengths: 
 A market leader with significant scale and breadth. We are a leading global provider of technology-enabled background and identity verification services across a wide array of industries and geographies completing 110 million searches across over 240 countries and territories in 35 languages for over 50,000 highly-diversified clients during the year ended December 31 , 2022. We are a market leader in the U.S., Canada and many markets throughout the world, including within Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA ), Asia Pacific APAC and Latin America. Our global fulfillment capabilities are supported by operations in 16 jurisdictions the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Poland, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and the U.K. We believe this differentiates Sterling with large, marquee clients who demand sophisticated solutions across broad enterprises with nuanced operating priorities. 
 Award-winning, proprietary technology platform and extensive global product suite. 
 We believe our proprietary technology platform and global product suite provide us with a number of competitive advantages, including the following: 
 Proprietary Technology and Analytics Platform: We operate a global cloud-based platform, purpose-built to address the unique needs of our clients. With over 95 of our revenue processed through platforms in the cloud, our technology platform is scalable to serve our global client base and flexible to adapt to changing dynamics within industries. We deliver a seamless user experience our mobile-friendly client and candidate interfaces (Sterling Client Hub, Sterling Candidate Hub and Sterling Analytics Hub) are intuitive and easy-to-use. Our customizable, powerful data analytics platform provides clients with the information they need to gain real-time insights and make data-driven decisions as they seek to manage, streamline and optimize their programs. Our proprietary fulfillment platform technologically sets us apart in our ability to manage the complexities of background screening. Sterling s fulfillment platform is AI-driven and augmented with RPA, which results in high accuracy, low hiring costs and low time-to-hire rates, with over 70 of U.S. criminal searches completed within the first hour and 90 within the first day. Integrated clients represent a growing share of our business, with over 60 of revenue now integrated. We expect this percentage to continue to increase as adoption of ATS and HCM software solutions grows. We have developed a comprehensive integration platform by partnering with many of the leading HCM and ATS platforms. Those clients with third-party HCM and ATS systems may integrate with Sterling through one of our over 75 platform integrations. Gig economy, contingent workforce and enterprise clients, who utilize proprietary candidate workflow systems, may integrate into Sterling s platform by leveraging our well-documented public RESTful API. This API provides clients with access to Sterling s powerful services along with a wide range of capabilities, customization options and mobility solutions. All of our platform integrations create opportunities for our clients to improve productivity and profitability, and in turn create stickier client relationships for Sterling. We believe that these proprietary systems cannot be easily replicated without substantial investment. 
 Global Product Suite: We offer an extensive suite of global products addressing a wide range of complex client needs. Our solutions include identity verification, comprehensive background screening, credential verification, drug and health screening, processing of employee documentation required for onboarding and ongoing risk monitoring. Sterling s background screening solutions utilize proprietary automation technology that we believe delivers thorough, fast and accurate records with global criminal screening capabilities in over 240 countries and territories. Our credential verification services are backed by our proprietary fulfillment engine. We provide comprehensive drug and health screenings with access to approximately 20,000 collection sites supporting the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration SAMHSA in the U.S. Sterling provides onboarding document management services as well as ongoing workforce and medical license monitoring. We believe our global product suite positions us well to access a broader set of clients and future revenue and growth opportunities. 
 Identity Workflow Solutions: We believe we offer one of the most complete full-stack identity workflow technologies, which allows our clients to verify a candidate s identity before starting a background check. With more work shifting remote, the growth of gig economy contract work and an increasing use of the contingent workforce, the need for pre-verified identity during the pre-employment process continues to grow. Our full suite of identity solutions includes telecom and device verification, document verification, facial recognition, biometric matching and video chat identity proofing. In addition to online identity verification, we have proprietary technology in a single-sourced national network of fingerprint collection sites across all 50 U.S. states, where we can capture and use multiple sets of biometrics in a single visit using internally developed innovative hardware and software, which can be integrated with 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 the Federal Bureau of Investigation (the FBI ), FINRA and other screening processes. We believe our identity solutions add demonstrable value to clients and candidates, and we are well-positioned to benefit as the market adopts identity verification as part of background screening. 
 Highly diversified and long-tenured client base. Our deep insight into the industries and geographies we serve through more than 45 years of experience has allowed us to develop a client base that is diversified across size, industry and geography with minimal concentration. This is enabled by our deep market expertise and our delivery model where we have verticalized around specific industries and geographic markets. This go-to-market approach creates a cycle of innovation, product development, benchmarking and consultative best-practices. We currently serve over 50,000 clients, including over 50 of the Fortune 100 and over 50 of the Fortune 500. Our gross retention rate for 2021 and 2022 was 96 . In 2022, no single client accounted for more than 3 of our revenue and our top 25 clients accounted for less than 25 of our revenue. The average relationship for our top 100 clients, based on 2021 and 2022 total revenue, is nine years and growing. These metrics reflect how deeply embedded we are in our clients daily human resources HR and compliance workflows. We are well diversified across healthcare, the gig economy, financial and business services, industrials, retail, contingent, technology, media and entertainment, transportation and logistics, hospitality, education and government industries. As the complexity and nuances of acquiring talent increases for organizations, we believe we are well-positioned to grow with our clients. 
 Attractive financial profile. We have an attractive business model underpinned by recurring revenues, significant operating leverage and low capital requirements that contribute to strong free cash flow. A majority of our U.S. enterprise client contracts are exclusive to Sterling or require Sterling to be used as the primary provider. Additionally, they are typically multi-year agreements with automatic renewal terms, no termination for convenience clauses and set pricing with Sterling s right to increase prices at certain intervals including the ability to increase pass-through costs to our clients with 30 days notice. The strength of our contract terms combined with our high levels of client retention results in a high degree of revenue visibility. The vast majority of our revenues are either recurring or re-occurring in nature. While we experienced year-over-year revenue declines in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to base revenue moderation caused by macroeconomic uncertainty, w e have otherwise shown consistency in our execution, with our organic revenues growing by double digits year-over-year in seven out of the eight quarters of 2021 and 2022. We have driven these results by deploying strategies and tactics focused on winning new business, driving up-sell and cross-sell, and increasing our gross retention rate. In the eight quarters of 2021 and 2022, when our total Company average revenue growth was 32 per quarter, our average revenue growth from the combination of new business, up-sell and cross-sell, net of attrition, was 14 per quarter. Additionally, we benefit fr om natural operating leverage, utilizing our robust automation processes that result in attractive contribution margins associated with incremental revenue generated from our solutions. Our capital requirements remain minimal with capital expenditures (including capitalized software development costs and exclusive of acquisitions) of 3.0 of revenues in 2021 and 2.6 of revenues in 2022. We incurred net losses of 52.3 million and 18.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and generated net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 19.4 million. Although we incurred net losses during 2020 and 2021, we continued to generate strong free cash flow, allowing us the financial flexibility to invest in the business and pursue growth through acquisitions. 
 Experienced management team with depth of experience and track record of success. Our senior management team has a track record of strong performance and significant expertise in the markets we serve and technology-enabled businesses, with 90 of our senior management team being new or in new roles since 2018. Our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Josh Peirez, has extensive strategy, product and operational experience and plays an instrumental role in driving Sterling toward our global vision. Our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), Peter Walker, has over 10 years of experience as a CFO with global expertise in finance, strategy, M A and risk management and leads the finance organization, investor relations and all aspects of financial management and reporting. Our President and Chief Operating Officer, Lou Paglia, leads global operations and is responsible for driving revenue growth, delivering client service, and ensuring our services meet the evolving market needs. We also maintain a strong core of business leaders dedicated to specific Verticals and Regions that leverage substantial experience across the background screening, risk management and information services industries. We be lieve this management team is well positioned to lead our business into the future. 
 Growth Strategy 
 We intend to capitalize on our attractive market opportunity by continuing to execute across the following key revenue and profit growth strategies: 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Expand existing client relationships. Our substantial base of over 50,000 existing clients presents a significant opportunity to increase adoption of new services. Since 2019, over 50 of new clients in the U.S. have contracted for more than one product line, which demonstrates our ability to grow within our client base. We have implemented rigorous client success programs to better anticipate our clients needs and identify appropriate solutions. For example, we conduct quarterly business reviews with our enterprise clients, where we review program performance, client needs, industry trends and potential enhancement opportunities. Through this collaborative approach, we cultivate long-term client relationships primed for adoption of new services. Further, we are seeing global clients that use different providers in different geographies consolidate into one platform, and we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of this trend. 
 Win new clients. We have an established track record of new client wins and believe there is substantial opportunity to further grow our client base. Operating in a large and highly fragmented addressable market, we win against both large and small competitors due to our deep market expertise from our sales and support verticalization combined with the flexibility of our proprietary technology platform. This combination enables us to deliver industry-relevant, highly specialized solutions to our clients in a scalable manner, driving profitable growth and differentiating us from our competitors. Our size and scale positions us to serve enterprise organizations well. We believe that many competitors, especially smaller ones, will continue to be challenged in meeting enterprise client needs, including sophisticated and flexible platforms, global capabilities and the ability to handle large volumes, complex programs and varying compliance requirements. Our differentiated product and service offerings, platform capabilities, and go-to-market strategy have resulted in significant new business momentum, with growth from new business of 12 in 2021 and 9 in 2022. 
 Grow Identity-as-a-Service offering. Based upon our more than 45 years of industry experience, we believe that most background screening companies in the U.S. do not typically check identities or verify candidate-provided biographical data two things that are critical for a successful background check. When clients select Sterling s comprehensive and fully customizable identity verification solution, candidates are guided through a simple process that verifies their identity, supported by our exclusive partnership with ID.me. All relevant biographic data is then automatically imported, with the candidate s consent, into Sterling Candidate Hub and used to initiate the background check, resulting in greater accuracy and reduced fraud. We believe that the strong value proposition for clients coupled with the strength of Sterling s offering will make Identity-as-a-Service a key contributor to our success in expanding existing client relationships and winning new clients. Outside of the U.S., we expect our workflow partnership with U.K.-based Yoti to expand our digital identity solutions to international markets by building on the same vision and best-in-class identity verification offerings we have in place in the U.S. with ID.me. 
 Introduce new products and penetrate adjacent markets. We have a robust new product roadmap. Project Ignite has enabled us to launch products rapidly to meet immediate client needs, as we did in 2022 when we developed our robust and proprietary core I-9 offering into a fully integrated I-9 solution within our Sterling platform and partner ecosystem. In 2022, we also strengthened our competitive differentiation through the expansion of our identity capabilities in both the U.S. and the U.K. In the U.S., with ID.me, we believe that we became the only background screening provider to have a fully integrated reusable identity workflow within the screening process, furthering our leadership position to deliver identity services for employers in the U.S. In the U.K., we became the first background screening organization to become a certified digital identity service provider and have partnered with Yoti to develop a comprehensive global identity verification solution. This new capability enables a faster and easier experience for prospective talent in the U.K. to verify themselves using modern technology while reducing the chance of identity fraud. We intend to continue to invest in developing industry-first solutions, further innovating in our existing Verticals and Regions as well as pursuing adjacent market opportunities that leverage our existing technology platform. For example, our digital wallet credentials solution is being designed to provide candidates with a user-centric, verified profile to prove their identity and share verified credentials with employers. We anticipate this solution will provide us with a new opportunity to monetize our services and the ability to further penetrate the business-to-consumer B2C market. Another product innovation is the continued enhancement of post-hire monitoring solutions, which monitor, among other things, healthcare sanctions, medical licenses, recent arrests, motor vehicle registrations and social media. Lastly, we plan to pursue new or underpenetrated adjacent market opportunities including talent assessment, reference checking, onboarding and investigative due diligence. 
 
 Pursue further geographic expansion. For the year ended December 31, 2020, 76.7 million, or 17 , of Sterling revenue was generated outside of the U.S. compared to 119.2 million, or 19 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 123.0 million, or 16 , for the year ended December 31, 2022. The 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 slight decrease during 2022 is partially attributable to our 2021 acquisition of U.S.-based EBI and strong growth in the U.S. We see compelling opportunities to extend our operating presence in other geographies and unify the global experience for clients as our international business continues to expand profitably, benefiting from operating leverage due to investments made in a global technology infrastructure and global fulfillment. We expect continued adoption of outsourced background screening outside the U.S. and are well positioned to benefit from this trend. We continue to introduce innovative region-specific products to best meet the needs of clients within each geography. We believe we have a unique ability to translate client needs into superior local market solutions through a combination of portfolio depth and breadth, local know-how and language capabilities. In EMEA, we continue to be a market leader in the U.K., with particular strength with financial services and gig companies. In parallel, we are growing our presence across the region with particular focus in continental Europe and the Middle East. To facilitate this expansion, we continue to expand the impact of our global multilingual hub in Poland. We entered the APAC market through two acquisitions and have continued to drive growth organically in both established and emerging screening markets, with more than 20 revenue growth in 2022 in this region and particular strength with financial services companies. In Canada, where revenue continued to grow in 2022, we have a strong position in small- and medium-sized businesses and are focused on the significant opportunity to serve more of the Canadian operations of our U.S. clients with our unified global platform. In January 2023, we expanded our global presence into Latin America through the acquisition of Socrates, the largest independent screening company in Latin America. The acquisition will allow us to better serve the rapidly growing regional hiring needs of both multi-national and local clients in a region with rapidly increasing hiring demands. 
 Leverage proprietary data. With over 45 years of industry experience, we have the know-how to obtain data from robust and trusted sources, access to historical data and the resources to put data to work. We will explore opportunities to develop, augment, and acquire proprietary data sets that could be used to fuel our existing core business and create new opportunities in a multitude of ways, including: improving speed and the quality of our services; creating cost efficiencies, industry benchmarks, and client program recommendations and optimizations; and building unique products. 
 Pursue strategic M A. We view a targeted, disciplined approach to strategic mergers and acquisitions M A as highly complementary to our other key growth objectives, compounding and/or accelerating related opportunities. Historically, Sterling has successfully identified, acquired and integrated several businesses that broaden and enhance our suite of client solutions and geographic presence. We will continue to execute a rigorous framework for building an actionable pipeline of acquisitions, with a focus on both (i) strategic benefits such as depth and breadth of capabilities, regional presence, and end market exposure and (ii) tangible opportunities to generate synergies and strong financial returns on capital deployed. As part of this targeted growth strategy, we are focused on acquiring targets that (i) are U.S. tuck-ins, (ii) provide us with increased scale in existing international markets, or (iii) expand us into new geographies. With hundreds of smaller competitors in our space, we see M A as a strategic opportunity to increase market share while realizing synergies. Through our investments in technology, we have established a unified platform, allowing us to quickly integrate targets and drive synergies. We expect Sterling s proven track record of M A with 10 acquisitions over the last 11 years to continue to support and elevate the various layers of our future growth profile. 
 Our Technology and Operating Platform 
 Our product portfolio is enabled by a core set of cloud-based, proprietary technology tools that provide access to court records, expedite workflows, and deliver highly accurate results. The outputs of these technology tools are seamlessly integrated into our client and candidate interfaces and our clients HCM systems enabling a simple, fast and unified candidate hiring experience. These systems cannot easily be replicated and have enabled Sterling to boast some of the fastest turnaround times in the industry, while maintaining the quality our clients expect. 
 In early 2019, we launched Project Ignite, a three-phase strategic investment initiative, to create a cloud-native enterprise-class global platform with best-in-class user experiences and product capabilities. This initiative has enabled us to deliver a new client experience with enhanced analytics and dashboard tools; a streamlined, mobile-first, and localized candidate experience; movement of platforms processing over 95 of our revenue in the cloud; new product innovations; increased automation for improved efficiency, turnaround time and quality; and an improved security environment. We continue to benefit from these enhancements through new business wins and improved client retention. Over the long term, we expect these investments will continue to enhance our margins, improve time to market as we build once and deploy globally and allow us to increase innovation. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Client and Candidate Interfaces 
 At the center of the Sterling background screening experience are our Sterling Candidate Hub, Sterling Client Hub and Sterling Analytics Hub, each purpose-built to meet the needs of specific end users. 
 Sterling Candidate Hub. Sterling Candidate Hub, launched in 2019, was built with today s candidate in mind from start to finish. Our background, identity and compliance services sit between the recruiting and employee onboarding stages within a company s employee lifecycle. As such, Sterling Candidate Hub is one of the first interactions candidates have with our clients; we have heard time and again from clients how important these initial interactions are, as they set the tone with new employees. Positive first impressions can lead to improved job acceptance rates, employee satisfaction and productivity. In response to these needs, we have developed an intuitive, frictionless and mobile-first candidate experience. Sterling Candidate Hub provides a streamlined process for candidates to interact with Sterling and manage their entire screening process. The platform allows candidates the flexibility to provide information from any device in multiple languages and allows them to save time with mobile document uploads and e-signature capabilities. The platform is intelligent, so as to customize the information requested based on the specific package of services ordered; this means candidates need not waste time providing extraneous information. Progress is managed through text notifications and reminders. 
 Sterling Client Hub. No two clients are the same, but all demand a powerful yet easy to use platform. This is why we purpose-built our cloud-based, proprietary technology client platform, Sterling Client Hub, in 2020. Sterling Client Hub consolidates candidate orders and data into a single, unified workflow, allowing clients to easily place orders, manage tasks, monitor statuses and view consumer reports. Its mobile responsive design stands apart from more cumbersome competitor platforms. Results are easy-to-read with intuitive results display and collapsible/expandable search details. The platform is flexible by design to allow clients the ability to configure permissions, access control by role, invitation and task workflows, packages and adjudication rules. Single-sign-on capabilities allow enterprise clients the ability to manage their programs consistent with security best practices. Sterling Client Hub is highly secure, designed to be easily augmented with new services and regularly updated to meet evolving compliance standards. All this enables our clients to manage complex screening programs with ease while reducing time-to-hire. 
 Sterling Analytics Hub. The currency of data and value of data-driven insights to clients, especially to program managers, is of paramount importance. Our Sterling Analytics Hub provides clients with a customizable, powerful data analytics platform to display a comprehensive view of their screening programs. Our robust suite of dashboards provides clients with the information they need to gain better insights and to make data-driven decisions as they seek to manage, streamline and optimize their programs. The Sterling Analytics Hub puts comprehensive program management one click away, while providing drill down capabilities and underlying data. 
 Platform Integrations 
 We believe we have one of the most integrated platforms in our industry as evidenced by our over 75 integrations with leading providers in the HCM and ATS ecosystem as well as our robust Sterling Gig API capabilities. Over 60 of our revenue is generated from integrated clients. 
 Our integration capabilities allow clients to benefit from improved productivity and profitability, streamlined candidate experiences and reduction in user-based errors and subsequent candidate disputes. Sterling benefits by increasing the stickiness of clients, reducing potential relationship friction from user-based errors and harvesting leads from our strong referral partnerships. 
 Sterling Integration Hub. Our services can be directly integrated into our clients proprietary workflows through one of our more than 75 platform integrations, further streamlining our clients HR processes and improving candidate experiences, while creating a stickier client relationship. We have developed a robust partner ecosystem with industry-leading HCM system providers such as Oracle, SAP SuccessFactors, Workday Recruiting and Ultimate Kronos Group, among others. The Sterling Integration Hub middleware is proprietary and easily configurable to meet the needs of most corporate HR systems. Unlike many of our competitors, we are not dependent on third-party middleware, which gives us both the flexibility and the ability to customize to the needs of the market and control our own roadmap. We deliver secure, partner-ready integration solutions that are built to scale to any size business. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Sterling Gig API. Sterling offers a well-documented public RESTful API. Our API enables gig economy and enterprise companies to easily integrate their own applications into Sterling s platform. It provides a wide range of capabilities, customization options and mobility solutions out of the box, which means that implementation will not detract from core product development. We are seeing this flexible API used with greater frequency where traditional HR based integration methods, like HRXML, have previously been used. In addition, this API opens up a multitude of use cases where Sterling can easily integrate into client and partner workflow applications. 
 Fulfillment Technology 
 Since Sterling launched one of the industry s first automated criminal record fulfillment platforms, CourtDirect, in 2006, we have been at the forefront of leveraging technology to improve service fulfillment. We have continually invested, innovated and iterated on our fulfillment technology and data acquisition for over 15 years. In total, our investments make it difficult for a competitor to replicate our global fulfillment systems without substantial investment. Our fulfillment platform leverages over 3,300 proprietary and AI-driven automation integrations, including APIs and RPA bots, which enables 90 of our U.S. criminal searches to be automated and allows us to complete 50 of U.S. criminal searches within the first five minutes, 65 of U.S. criminal searches within the first 15 minutes, over 70 of U.S. criminal searches within the first hour and 90 within the first day. Our automation provides a significant competitive advantage and margin enhancement opportunity that can be deployed to other areas of Sterling, including account setup, procurement and financial reporting. 
 Our well-developed fulfillment technology highlights the resiliency of our business model under even extreme conditions, providing clients with ease-of-mind and allowing them to focus on their own businesses. For example, Sterling s technologically enhanced fulfillment allowed us to fulfill searches in at least 98 of U.S. jurisdictions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, while we believe certain competitors struggled to operate. 
 Historical investments in CourtDirect, AI SmartData and Verifications Portal technologies not only reduce costs for Sterling and our clients, but also lead to improvements in speed, quality and compliance. 
 CourtDirect Technology. Underpinning Sterling s U.S. criminal searches is our third generation of CourtDirect, our proprietary criminal records delivery system. This technology automates a historically manual and time-consuming process by integrating with jurisdictions throughout the U.S. With access to millions of criminal records, CourtDirect provides faster turnaround times while decreasing human data entry errors. Because CourtDirect is our proprietary technology, we use vendors to retrieve county court records on a limited basis, unlike many of our competitors. In jurisdictions where automation is not possible or practical, we seek to hire our own court runners rather than rely exclusively on third-party vendors. This gives us greater control over our supply chain and the ability to achieve faster turnaround times on average. 
 AI SmartData Technology. Where CourtDirect performs automated criminal record search and retrieval, our proprietary AI SmartData technology automates Sterling s criminal record review processes, thus eliminating manual steps so that services can be completed quickly and efficiently. The technology starts by ensuring that returned criminal records can be positively attributed to the specific candidate being searched using our proprietary AI matching algorithms. The technology then standardizes criminal charges, conviction codes and disposition codes among the thousands of courts within the U.S., after which it applies U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations to the standardized records. Through years of work, we have been able to standardize over 750,000 permutations of state, charge and disposition combinations. The standardization work that AI SmartData performs also allows us to administer a clients customized adjudication matrix at their direction more easily. With AI SmartData all of this is done without human intervention, resulting in reduced human error, increased accuracy and shorter turnaround times. For example, we noted an approximately 50 reduction in turnaround times following the adoption of AI SmartData to Sterling s criminal record review process. Currently over 50 of our potential criminal record reporting volume is auto-closed using the technology; where required, Sterling s experienced team members perform the record review processes. Unlike an outsourced AI solution that some competitors use, Sterling has full control to make changes quickly in response to client needs, changes in laws and regulations, or simply for enhancements based upon our own review. 
 Verifications Portal. Our Verifications Portal is a proprietary fulfillment platform that delivers increased efficiencies, higher productivity, improved quality and faster turnaround times for our clients. The Verifications Portal s functionality removes the need for manual work assignment by queuing up the next available work for a Sterling verifier based on the employee s skillset. Additionally, it leverages algorithms to intelligently group and map work. For example, the Verification Portal can group verifications from a particular employer and assign them to a single agent so that outreach to said 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 employer is optimized. It uses automation to allow Sterling to highly customize our clients credential verification programs without sacrificing productivity, speed or accuracy. The Verifications Portal is used in conjunction with direct APIs to our vendor partners and our proprietary Verifications Contact Database that tracks known entities and their preferred mode of fulfillment, decreasing the verifier s research time. This database is a proprietary asset compiled over many years and updated daily, providing a strong competitive advantage in enabling Sterling to fulfill verifications more efficiently. 
 Global Operations 
 Supplementing our fulfillment technology is an experienced, resilient and global operations team that partners with our Vertical and Region teams to provide exceptional quality, consistent delivery and customization capabilities for our clients. Sterling utilizes an in-house offshore strategy rather than relying on third-party outsource partners, which many of our competitors utilize. The benefits of leveraging an in-house global operations team strategy include rigorous oversight of quality control, enhanced speed of execution, a broad and diverse talent pool, economies of scale and attractive labor costs; resulting in a unified, knowledgeable employee base that is dedicated to Sterling s mission and our clients experience. 
 Today, the operations team is located across 13 countries U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, India, Malaysia, Mexico, the Philippines, Poland, Singapore and the U.K. with, what we believe is, the industry s first offshore captive fulfillment center launched in India in 2006. This allows us to be nimble in scaling geographically to support incremental volumes and also provide country and regional specialization to meet our clients needs. Additionally, the geographically diverse footprint of the operations team supports our business continuity plan, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic when we flexed work across geographies as needed. 
 We have multiple initiatives underway to further reduce our turnaround times, improve our margins and further enhance client experiences. First, we continually leverage process reengineering to improve quality and efficiency. Second, through technology investments as part of Project Ignite, we intend to extend the success we ve seen with RPA in our U.S. criminal fulfillment processes to our other product lines, including verifications, drug and health and non-U.S. criminal screening. In addition, by consolidating clients onto our single global platform in phase three of Project Ignite, we are able to drive greater efficiency within our operations teams and to better manage resources through seasonal and unexpected demand spikes. At the end of 2022, we also launched Project Nucleus which we expect to drive meaningful cost savings and efficiency gains. The goal of this initiative is to enhance our organization by re-engineering processes, driving fulfillment labor cost reductions and identifying and executing on additional automation opportunities. 
 
 Our Suite of Services 
 Identity Verification 
 Sterling s identity verification services provide our clients with real-time information about a candidate to help validate and verify who they are hiring before they begin a background check. With the continued movement toward remote work, the prevalence of digitized identification information and increase in data breaches, there is an ever-growing risk that a candidate may be using a stolen identity when applying for a job and completing a background check. Our comprehensive set of solutions helps clients to mitigate that risk through the following services: 
 Online Identity-as-a-Service Suite. 
 In the U.S., Sterling s exclusive partnership with ID.me provides us with an identity verification solution that is recognized as best-in-class and has been adopted by numerous U.S. federal agencies and states. Individuals get a reusable secure digital identity credential so they only go through identity verification once. Our online Identity-as-a-Service suite with ID.me is made up of five identity verification building blocks that are combined to meet a client s unique required level of comfort, including meeting the U.S. federal National Institute of Standards and Technology 800-63 technical requirements for federal agencies and contractors implementing digital identity verification services. The building blocks are: 
 Telecom and Device Verification: Verify that the SIM card in a mobile device is associated with the candidate s identity. Evaluate the tenure of the account, device location and fraud history. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Identification Document Verification: Scan, verify and parse document images using machine vision to extract content, leveraging a proprietary database of rules and AI to verify document authenticity. ID.me currently contains 100 million pre-verified identities within the database and is growing. 
 Facial Recognition with Biometric Matching: Match a government identity document to the candidate s selfie image using advanced machine learning technologies. 
 Social Security Number Verification: Validate a candidate s biographic information, such as name, address and other identifying information against credit bureau records. 
 Live Video Chat Identification Proofing: As a failover option or upon client preference, we provide individuals the ability to complete identity proofing with a trained Trusted Referee via video conferencing. 
 Internationally, Sterling has partnered with Yoti to streamline background checks and expand its digital identity solutions. The global partnership is expanding our digital identity capabilities in EMEA, APAC, Canada and Latin America, accelerating our vision to create privacy-centric portable identities for candidates. 
 The partnership will enable a digital identity verification workflow to be integrated directly into the hiring process, allowing employers to take an identity-first approach, where a candidate s identity is verified before completing other background checks and before actually being hired. 
 Candidates who verify their identity through Sterling and Yoti will be able to seamlessly create a secure, reusable digital identity. This will allow them to verify their identity once and share their details with other businesses in seconds, making the verification process more streamlined for employers and candidates. Individuals will be able to use their digital identity for future job opportunities, age verification and any process requiring identity verification. 
 Sterling clients and their candidates will be able to enjoy the unique experience in Sterling s international regions with a phased rollout planned during 2023, and the first phase beginning in the U.K. 

Fingerprinting. We provide fingerprinting services through our proprietary technology in a single-sourced and convenient national network with locations in all 50 U.S. states. Our state-of-the-art digital fingerprint capture technology reduces rejection rates and speeds up processing for faster onboarding and we are certified with the FBI, FINRA, Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the Agency for Healthcare Information to submit electronic fingerprints directly. In addition, FINRA has contracted with Sterling to be its exclusive fingerprint provider. Under this agreement, we process and submit fingerprints to the FBI for all broker-dealer firms and funding portals. 
 Background Checks 
 Our background check solutions utilize proprietary automation technology that delivers more thorough, faster and accurate records. These solutions include: 
 Criminal record checks. Within the U.S., there is no single source for criminal records; instead, records are stored at 3,500+ local and county courthouses as well as separate state and federal databases, making it time and cost prohibitive to search all jurisdictions. Sterling uses a four-step process to address the complexity of the U.S. court systems. First, we determine where to search to locate a candidate s possible criminal records and under what potential names using some or all of (i) a social security number trace to determine the addresses where a candidate has lived and what aliases the candidate may have used, (ii) a search of a national criminal record database and (iii) an incarceration and bookings database. Second, we leverage our CourtDirect technology to search and review each primary source jurisdiction and review the records for completeness. Next, we utilize our AI SmartData technology to determine whether candidate data matches any court records, filter the records per compliance requirements and apply specific client instructed adjudication rules. Finally, we deliver the results in a consumer report. Collectively, these steps enable us to provide what we believe are among the quickest turnaround times 50 of U.S. criminal searches within the first five minutes, 65 of U.S. criminal searches within the first 15 minutes, over 70 of U.S. criminal searches within the first hour and 90 within the first day and highest accuracy as well as automation for efficient and effective client experiences. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Outside the U.S., Sterling supports criminal record searches in over 240 countries and territories. A global workforce requires dynamic, in-depth background checks from an experienced provider. The trend toward more people traveling across international borders for work requires the ability to conduct background checks in multiple geographies and jurisdictions for a single candidate. Each country and territory may have its own set of criminal data availability and access restrictions. For most of Sterling s searches, we have access to nationwide or local court records directly or through approved partners. Some geographies require local police clearance authorizations that are obtained by the candidates, which are then validated by Sterling. In geographies that do not allow for either nationwide or local court records retrieval or police clearance authorization, Sterling utilizes databases that aggregate records worldwide from governments, courts, regulatory and law enforcement agency sources to identify potential criminal activity. 
 Sex offender registries. Within the U.S., Sterling searches through the United States Department of Justice DOJ National Sex Offender Public Website NSOPW ), which includes registered sex offenders in 49 U.S. states, U.S. territories, the District of Columbia and participating Indian tribes. Sex offender registry searches are critical to ensuring employees, especially those with direct access to consumers and vulnerable populations, do not have relevant records. 
 Civil court records. Sterling searches U.S. county court and federal civil settlement records and equivalents in many other countries and territories based on where the candidate has lived that match our client s needs and requirements. Our Civil Court Record Searches help make clients aware of potential threats and arm them with facts to make well-informed decisions on which candidates align best with their organization. Our search reveals details such as breach of contracts, civil judgments, lawsuits, paternity suits, domestic disputes, divorces and restraining orders. 
 Motor vehicle and driving license records. Our Motor Vehicle Record MVR reporting includes license type and class, restrictions, expiration date, endorsements, suspensions or revocations, violations/tickets, accidents and Driving Under the Influence DUI or Driving While Intoxicated DWI violations. Within the U.S., many of our clients require compliance with Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and DOT regulations. 
 Executive investigations. For clients who require a higher level of insight, our enhanced due diligence subsidiary, Sterling Diligence, provides executive-level due diligence and executive screening and global investigations. Our executive investigation services are trusted by Fortune 100 companies, as well as some of the world s most prestigious law firms, accounting firms, professional service providers, financial institutions, and mergers and acquisitions specialists. 
 Credit reports. Credit checks are often mandated for candidates with managerial, accounting, financial record or check-writing responsibilities, and our reports reveal unbiased insights into candidates financial trustworthiness. 
 Liens, Judgments, Bankruptcies. Our liens, judgments and bankruptcies product checks a U.S. nationwide database to determine where a candidate may have relevant records. We then search the identified U.S. civil courts to confirm and validate the records prior to reporting. This search is often combined with a credit check. 
 Social media searches. Social media background checks provide vital information that help employers minimize the risk of a bad hire. Sterling helps companies protect their brands by screening potential and current employees using publicly available online information. Our social media searches, the scope of which are determined by our clients, reduces risk with a solution that enhances ethical decision-making and compliance by proactively identifying behaviors such as bigotry, sexism and violence. 
 Contingent Workforce Solution. Our contingent workforce solution allows clients to centrally and effectively manage their contingent worker program by quickly and easily onboarding new contractors, obtaining program and contractor level reporting and having candidates pay for their own screens if desired. 
 Sanctions, risk and compliance checks. Sterling can search a variety of sanctions databases, including: the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, commonly referred to as a terrorist watch list; Office of Inspector General OIG List of Excluded Individuals/Entities; the System for Award Management SAM the Excluded Parties List System EPLS the Department of Health and Human Services HHS state exclusions, sanctions, debarment, and disciplinary actions against 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 healthcare professionals and businesses lists; and a database of foreign government restriction, sanction and exclusion records. 
 Credential Verification 
 Our global verification services include the following: 
 Employment verification. Verifies a candidate s employment history and records with HR, payroll or third-party providers. Verification can cover periods of traditional employment, as well as temp agency assignments, military history, and periods of self-employment. An employment history can be supplemented with a gap assessment, wherein Sterling identifies and validates gaps in a candidate s employment history. 
 Education verification. Verifies a candidate s education history and records with school registers or designated third-party providers at the collegiate, high school, GED and home-schooling levels. 
 Credential verification. Verifies many types of licenses and credentials such as financial FINRA checks, nursing licenses, medical licenses and others . 
 Professional reference checks . Verifies a candidate s character and work proficiency. 
 Department of Transportation . Within the U.S., verifies employment with DOT-regulated companies. Verification confirms job title, start/end dates, reason for leaving, prior accidents, injuries and other DOT mandated information. 
 Drug and Health Screening 
 Our U.S. drug and health screening services offer comprehensive pre-and post-hire drug screening with access to an expansive collection network of approximately 20,000 test sites nationwide. We offer drug screening services designed to reduce turnaround times, increase efficiency and improve the overall candidate and client experiences. The convenience of end-to-end electronic processing, online scheduling and walk-in collection sites enable employees and candidates to access locations and times that work best for them. Our Medical Review Officer MRO partners are licensed physicians responsible for receiving and reviewing each laboratory result issued. In addition, we offer access to an array of occupational health screening and clinical services such as physicals, fit for duty exams, titers, vaccinations, and biometric services. 
 Our commitment to client-centric innovation throughout our service lines led to the development of our fast-growing Clinical Services Concierge service. For those clients that require additional support to clinical services, this service can help relieve the stress of managing a complex drug and health screening program. We offer personalized candidate instruction through a dedicated clinical concierge professional who can provide candidates step-by-step assistance to lead them through the process, creating a more seamless process and ensuring candidates are able to start on the date planned. We can also tailor our testing and services to meet our clients unique business and compliance requirements including instant point-of-care tests, onsite testing options and random testing selection. 
 Onboarding 
 Our onboarding solutions include the following: 
 Sterling I-9. With ever-changing U.S. regulations, many employers either complete Form I-9 incorrectly or continue to rely upon paper-and-pencil Form I-9 completion with onsite storage. Remote workplaces and telework create additional requirements and logistical challenges. Sterling s in-house, fully digital I-9 solution, Sterling I-9, provides seamless integration with our full suite of screening and onboarding services. It provides a mobile-responsive experience for both clients and their candidates. Having an in-house solution, unlike many of our competitors, allows for deeper integrations into our clients workflows while enabling us to respond faster to client and market needs. 
 Onboarding forms. Sterling s offering eases the burden for clients of processing the employee documentation required for onboarding. Our offering includes standard tax withholding and Equal Employment Opportunity EEO disclosure forms as well as client-designed custom onboarding forms. Our solution validates data upon entry and checks for skipped questions, thus reducing opportunities for mistakes. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Ongoing Monitoring 
 Employers across industries are increasingly focused on managing risk in the workplace beyond initial hire through continuous screening and monitoring. Our ongoing monitoring solutions within the U.S. include the following: 
 Workforce monitoring. Our workforce monitoring solution provides tools for clients to mitigate risk and liability through near real-time alerts on employee potential criminal behavior, such as DUIs, assaults, fraud and theft. 
 Medical license monitoring. Our medical licensing monitoring solution helps mitigate brand and regulatory risk by providing a more efficient way for clients to identify individuals whose valid medical licenses may no longer be valid. 
 Motor vehicle records monitoring. Our MVR monitoring solution provides continuous driver monitoring, driver list management, real time reporting, on-demand MVRs and access to driver training. For certain industries (e.g. transportation and logistics, gig, etc.) driver risk management is a critical business issue affecting reputation, profitability and regulatory compliance. 
 Our Clients 
 We serve the background and identity verification services needs of more than 50,000 clients. Our client base is diversified in size of client and industry and includes over 50 of the Fortune 100 and over 50 of the Fortune 500. We have minimal client concentration with no client accounting for more than 3 of revenue, and our top 25 clients accounting for less than 25 of revenue. We serve the healthcare, gig, financial and business services, industrials, retail, contingent, technology, media and entertainment, transportation and logistics, hospitality, education and government industries. We employ an operating model organized by Vertical and Region that produces differentiated end-market insights and allows us to tailor solutions to meet the needs of each industry we serve. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our client relationships are contractual in nature and typically have multiple year terms with no termination for convenience clauses. A majority of our U.S. enterprise client contracts are exclusive to Sterling or the client is required to use Sterling as their primary provider. Our success is driven by a competitive service offering of fast, reliable, and accurate screening information delivered on a cost-effective basis. Additionally, our offerings are tightly integrated with our clients ATSs and HCM systems, further cementing our services into our clients daily HR workflows. Taken together, these factors have yielded strong client relationships with an average tenure of nine years across our top 100 clients based on 2021 and 2022 total revenue. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sterling s lead generation and sales organization is one of our defining differentiators in the market. A strong sales culture permeates our organization as nearly all senior members of the management team are active in seeking and winning new business. We sell our solutions through a direct sales team organized by Vertical and Region. Each Vertical and Region has dedicated product marketing personnel and budget. Sales representatives are then responsible for the end-to-end selling process, including discovery, demonstration, negotiation and closing. Our sales representatives are trained to take a consultative approach to the entire new business process in order to understand the specific challenges and industry-specific nuances faced by clients. Based on this research, they design a pursuit strategy and propose solutions tailored to the client s needs. Sterling s sales approach ensures that we keep the client and their needs at the center of our process. Each sales representative s productivity is tracked toward individual quotas with performance measured and reported daily. 
 Additionally, Sterling utilizes professional services and client success teams, which are also aligned by Vertical and Region, that are responsible for seamless client onboarding, client retention and upselling opportunities. Our Vertical and Region teams partner with centralized shared services groups that provide certain critical processes, including sales cycle management, training, analytics, requests for proposals, marketing operations, brand and digital marketing, pricing, integrations support and client implementations. This provides clients with a smooth experience from prospecting through implementation and support. As of December 31, 2022, we have over 100 sales representatives and over 450 client success professionals. 
 Clients count on Sterling for thought leadership in how they desi gn and optimize their programs. Our client partnership model builds on our Vertical and Region team approach to help clients meet their specific objectives. 
 Our People 
 Our award-winning culture enables us to attract and retain diverse talent from a variety of industries and innovative companies. Our mission is to provide the foundation of trust and safety that our clients need to create great environments for their most essential resource people. We believe everyone has the right to feel safe. As an organization, we strive to build a culture around four core values: 
 It s all about the people. Our business is about helping people find the right people. We care deeply about colleagues, clients and their candidates. 
 The client is always in the room. We exist to help our clients build a foundation of trust and safety. We make decisions that are best for the clients, based on data and judgment, not ego and politics. 
 Deliver results, they matter. We play to win. We are smart, fast and driven. We take risks, make mistakes and learn from them. We deliver. 
 Start with trust and prove it every day. We trust each other and prove ourselves worthy of trust to our clients and colleagues every day. 
 We are a virtual-first company with the majority of our global employees working remotely. We believe this approach allows us to attract talent wherever people choose to live and allows us to better support our employees as they strive to balance the needs of their work and personal lives. We believe strongly in investing in the development of our people throughout their time with us and in ensuring we have an inclusive environment that contributes to our high-performing teams globally. 
 Talent Acquisition. As a virtual-first organization, we hire talented individuals who raise the bar at Sterling and align with our culture and values. We attract talent no matter where the talent resides rather than relying on local talent pools. We strive to have a diverse candidate slate and interview panel. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Employee Engagement and Connections. We provide virtual activities for employees to connect, and we host regular town halls to ensure company goals, progress and values are shared throughout the organization. In 2022, we also launched Sharing Our Stories forums that offer an opportunity for employees to learn, gain insights and strengthen connections by engaging with Sterling leaders and colleagues on relevant topics. 
 Talent Development and Learning. We have a strong focus on learning and development with access to thousands of online self-paced courses, instructor-led values training, and people leader trainings. We launched our mentorship program under the banner of IMPACT: Individualized Mentorship Program Aiming at Creating a Transformational workplace. IMPACT offers select employees the opportunity to be mentored by leaders at Sterling and participate in various virtual forums over the course of the six-month program. 
 Health and Wellness. We offer comprehensive and competitive benefits globally including retirement plans, generous vacation time, unlimited sick days, leave programs, and allowances for meals and transportation in some countries. Our benefits and programs focus on both the physical and the mental health of employees. We have introduced Sterling WOW (Working on Wellbeing), a global initiative designed to provide opportunities to connect and access resources that support and strengthen mental, physical, financial and community wellbeing. 
 Diversity and Inclusion D I ). At Sterling, we are committed to diversity and inclusion by championing and accepting individual uniqueness and cultivating a safe culture of belonging so that everyone can perform at their best in support of our clients, candidates and communities we serve. Our multi-year D I strategic focus is to enhance diversity throughout our global workforce; energize our inclusive workplace culture; and partner to strengthen outcomes in the global marketplace. We do this in many ways including through our global employee resource groups ERGs ), intentional D I training and focused communication to encourage difficult conversations, while providing employees with the tools and knowledge required to be an ally and an advocate for our diverse workforce. We are proud that women represent more than half of our global employee workforce as well as half of our senior leadership team. 
 
 We believe that our culture creates an environment where people are engaged, proud of the work they do and want to remain, as evidenced by 83 of respondents in our fourth quarter 2022 employee pulse survey saying they would recommend Sterling to a friend or colleague. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have over 6,000 active employees, including 4,500 in our offshore captive operations in India and the Philippines. We also engage temporary employees and consultants when needed to enhance our workforce. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we have never experienced any work stoppages. We consider the relationships we have with our employees to be excellent. 
 Competition 
 The market for global background and identity verification services is highly fragmented and competitive. We compete with global competitors as well as regional providers. 
 The global background screening services market can be broken down into the following categories: 
 Global Full-Suite Players. Players in this category, where Sterling competes, are characterized by their global scale and enterprise offerings. Other competitors in this category include First Advantage and HireRight. Sterling differentiates itself from other players in this category through its highly specialized and innovative solutions, exceptional client support backed by deep market knowledge, fulfillment reliability, service quality (speed, accuracy, and compliance), and robust integration capabilities. 
 Mid-Tier Players. These competitors tend to focus on a particular geographic region, industry or product line, and have limited global capabilities. Examples of mid-Tier players are Accurate Background, ADP, Cisive, Checkr, DISA, and Triton. Sterling differentiates itself from these players through its service quality, regional compliance expertise, consultative client support, global service and fulfillment capabilities, and price. 
 Small and Independently-Owned Players. There are hundreds of small and independently-owned background screening players. These players tend to focus on one to two verticals. They typically serve SMBs, license their platform from third parties, and rely on vendors for fulfillment. When Sterling competes and wins against these players, we generally do so based on our modern proprietary 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 platform, compliance expertise, robust integration ecosystem, and exceptional service delivery times and accuracy. 
 
 The identity verification market is vast and growing. There are a multitude of applications for identity verification ranging from background screening, to consumer identification services, to government-controlled security access points. Supporting these applications are a variety of companies providing either technologies or services. Sterling primarily operates in the background screening and credential verification subsector of this market as well as the biometric capture and record channeling subsector. 
 In the identity verification background screening and credential verification subsector, we compete with a few global full-suite and mid-tier background screening players. Sterling differentiates itself through our integration of identity verification into our proprietary platform as well as the breadth of identity verification technologies we offer and our partnerships with ID.me in the U.S. and with Yoti internationally. 
 In the identity verification, biometric capture and record channeling subsector we compete with a few fingerprint network providers. We win in this space based on our technology, security, captive nationwide network of fingerprint collection sites and being FINRA s exclusive fingerprint services provider. 
 In general, we compete for business based on numerous factors, including service speed, accuracy and results, ease-of-use, breadth of offering, fulfillment reliability, compliance expertise, reputation, client service, platform quality and price. 
 Regulation 
 Many aspects of our business are subject to regulation in a number of jurisdictions in the U.S. and internationally. In these jurisdictions, government regulators oversee the conduct of our business, and have broad powers to promulgate and/or interpret laws, rules, and regulations that may serve to restrict or limit our operations. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations globally regarding among other things, the collection, use, disclosure, sale, transfer, receipt, storage, transmission, destruction, and other processing of personal data, including, among others, (i) the FCRA and state consumer reporting agency regulations, (ii) the GDPR, (iii) the U.K. data protection regime (the U.K. GDPR ), (iv) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), (v) the Drivers Privacy Protection Act and (vi) the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act BIPA ). In addition, a November 2019 settlement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB also requires us to comply with the FCRA. These laws and regulations increase our operational requirements and subject us to risk of costly governmental fines and penalties, as well as private claims. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends, in part, on developing, maintaining, protecting and enforcing our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights. We own and control various intellectual property rights, such as confidential information, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, tradenames, domain names, copyrights, patents, and U.S. and foreign registrations and applications for the foregoing. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, clients, suppliers, partners and vendors. While we believe that our intellectual property, in the aggregate, is generally important to our business and operations, we do not regard any aspect of our business as being dependent upon any single intellectual property right. We rely on the combination of intellectual property rights and other measures to protect our proprietary rights. Despite these efforts, existing intellectual property laws may afford only limited protections. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Demand for our products and services and our revenue is affected seasonally by macroeconomic hiring trends. Typically, revenue acceleration begins in the first quarter, with steady growth across the quarters as hiring accelerates. The fourth quarter, ending December 31, is typically our lowest revenue quarter due to a general market trend of lower hiring during the latter half of December due to the holidays. Also, certain clients across various industries historically have ramped up their hiring throughout the first half of the year as winter concludes, commercial activity tied to outdoor activities increases, and the school year ends, giving rise to student and graduate hiring. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Supplier Diversity 
 As a global leader in background and identity services, we pride ourselves on not only finding the right people for our clients, but also the right vendors for our business. We recognize the importance of having a diverse vendor base that reflects our customers around the world. We embrace diversity through our employees, our suppliers and partners we work with, our customers, and the communities in which we work and live. Sterling s vendor diversity mission is to proactively identify, build relationships with, and purchase goods and services from certified diverse businesses. Sterling s Vendor Diversity Program is administered and monitored by the Strategic Sourcing Global Procurement team. The program is governed by internal goals and contractual commitments to our clients. At Sterling, we understand the critical need to vet and perform due diligence on vendors within our supply base. A thorough due diligence process allows us to identify diverse vendors and include those vendors in our day-to-day screening business. We further expect our suppliers to operate within the framework of principles, guidelines, and policies aligned with our ethical, social, and environmental responsibilities, as described in our Supplier Code of Conduct. 
 Indemnification and Insurance 
 
 Our business exposes us to potential liability including, but not limited to, potential liability for (i) breach of contract or negligence claims by our customers, (ii) non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and (iii) employment-related claims. In certain circumstances, we may also be liable for the acts or omissions of others, such as suppliers of goods or services. 
 
 We attempt to manage our potential liability to third parties through contractual protection (such as indemnification and limitation of liability provisions) in our contracts with customers and others, and through insurance. The contractual indemnification provisions vary in scope and generally do not protect us against some potential liabilities, such as liability arising out of our gross negligence or willful misconduct. In addition, in the event that we seek to enforce such an indemnification provision, the indemnifying party may not have sufficient resources to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations or may otherwise not comply with its contractual obligations. Further, the limitation of liability provisions in our customer contracts also vary in scope, thresholds and exclusions. 
 
 We currently maintain errors, omissions and professional liability insurance coverage with limits we believe to be appropriate. However, the coverage provided by such insurance may not be adequate for all claims made and such claims may be contested by applicable insurance carriers. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our internet address is www.sterlingcheck.com . We make available free of charge on or through our Internet website, our proxy statements, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is deemed not to be incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table presents Sterling s current executive officers as of February 28, 2023: 
 Name Age Position 
 Joshua Peirez 
 52 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Peter Walker 
 50 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Lou Paglia 
 48 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 Steven Barnett 
 58 Executive Vice President, Secretary and Chief Legal Risk Officer 
 Robyn Price Stonehill 51 Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer 
 Joshua Peirez 
 Mr. Peirez joined Sterling as Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director in July 2018 and was named Chief Executive Officer in April 2019. He brings extensive strategy, product and operational experience to the Company, and plays an instrumental role in driving Sterling toward its global vision. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Prior to Sterling, Mr. Peirez served as President and Chief Operating Officer for Dun Bradstreet, leading all aspects of customer-facing operations including the Company s lines of business, multi-channel sales platform, service of client solutions, strategy, as well as mergers and acquisitions. Prior to joining Dun Bradstreet, Mr. Peirez spent ten years with MasterCard, most recently in the role of Chief Innovation Officer for MasterCard Worldwide. A lawyer by training, Mr. Peirez also served as the Company s Group Executive, Global Public Policy and Associate General Counsel. Before joining MasterCard in 2000, Mr. Peirez was an associate at Clifford Chance Rogers Wells focusing on antitrust litigation. 
 Mr. Peirez has served on the Federal Reserve Board s Consumer Advisory Council and the board of directors for the Westchester County Association. He was named in the Top 10 Innovators of 2009 ranked by Bank Technology News. 
 Mr. Peirez received a Bachelor of Science degree in Policy Analysis, Economic and Government Studies from Cornell University, and a Juris Doctor degree from Brooklyn Law School, where he received the Corpus Juris Secundum Award in Criminal Law and Comparative Constitutional Law. Mr. Peirez was selected to serve as a director because of the perspective, management, leadership experience and operational expertise in our business that he has developed as our Chief Executive Officer. 
 Peter Walker 
 Mr. Walker joined Sterling as Executive Vice President and CFO in July 2019. He has spent 15 years as an executive, with over 10 years of experience as a CFO. He has global expertise in finance, strategy, mergers and acquisitions and risk management with sector experience in technology, business services, financial services, insurance and consumer retail. 
 Prior to joining Sterling, Mr. Walker spent two years with Jackson Hewitt as Chief Financial Officer leading the company s sale to a new financial sponsor and refinancing the company s debt. Prior to joining Jackson Hewitt, Mr. Walker spent over 15 years at Assurant in senior finance strategy and risk management roles, most recently in the role of Chief Strategy Officer for the global enterprise. Mr. Walker began his professional career in consulting with Ernst Young. As a champion for diversity, equity and inclusion, Mr. Walker leads Sterling s global employee resource group for LGBTQIA+ employees and their allies. 
 
 Mr. Walker earned a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Miami University of Ohio, a Masters of Business Administration from New York University s Stern School of Business and is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 Lou Paglia 
 Mr. Paglia joined Sterling as a consultant to serve as interim Chief Product Officer in October 2015. In January 2016, Mr. Paglia was hired as a full-time employee and named Executive Vice President, Ventures. Mr. Paglia was promoted to Chief Innovation Officer in April 2018, named President in December 2018 and named Chief Operating Officer in March 2021. Mr. Paglia has commercial leadership for Sterling s operations in the U.S., Canada, and Latin America, responsible for driving revenue growth, delivering unrivaled client service, and ensuring Sterling s tech enabled business services meet the evolving needs of the market. Mr. Paglia also leads global operations for Sterling. 
 Prior to joining Sterling, Mr. Paglia held executive roles in product, operations and general management at various companies including MTV Networks (a division of Viacom), Infogroup, Factiva (a joint venture between Dow Jones and Reuters), as well numerous early-stage companies. 
 Mr. Paglia received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Computer Information Systems from James Madison University and a Masters of Business Administration degree from MIT s Sloan School of Management. 
 
 Steven Barnett 
 
 Mr. Barnett joined Sterling in January 2016 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, and was named Chief Legal Risk Officer in March 2020. Mr. Barnett brings experience in legal, compliance, regulatory and government affairs, having served as general counsel and outside counsel, for both public and private companies. Mr. Barnett is responsible for all legal, compliance, regulatory and privacy matters, as well as Enterprise Risk Management, Enterprise Quality and Insurance. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Prior to joining Sterling, Mr. Barnett served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel at Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and NRT, now part of Realogy Corporation. Mr. Barnett began his career as a corporate lawyer at Skadden Arps, where he specialized in mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance transactions. 
 
 Mr. Barnett received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the State University of New York at Albany and a Juris Doctor degree from Fordham University School of Law. 
 
 Robyn Price Stonehill 
 
 Ms. Stonehill joined Sterling in November 2021 as Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer. Ms. Stonehill brings extensive human resources experience and has strategically advised leaders on organizational transformation, acquisitions, and divestitures, and is focused on enhancing the employee experience, developing talent, and building a strong culture. 
 Prior to joining Sterling, Ms. Stonehill was Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer at Assurant. Throughout Ms. Stonehill s 21-year career with Assurant, she held a variety of leadership roles related to total rewards, talent acquisition, operations and other human resources functions. Ms. Stonehill began her professional career in consulting at KPMG. As an advocate for diversity, equity and inclusion, Ms. Stonehill was recognized by Diversity Journal as a Woman Worth Watching in 2015. 
 Ms. Stonehill graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics from Queens College of the City University of New York. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described below. If any of the following risks occur, our business s financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and results of operations may be negatively impacted, and we may not be able to achieve our quarterly, annual or long-range plans. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or not described below may also negatively impact our business and results of operations. Y ou should carefully consider the following risks before you decide to purchase our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected, the value of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. 
 We could face liability based on the nature of our services and the information we report or fail to report in our background screening, which may not be covered or fully covered by insurance. 
 We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and changes in law or regulation, or a failure to correctly identify, interpret, comply with and reconcile the laws and regulations to which we are subject, could result in substantial liability or materially adversely affect our product and service offerings, revenue or profitability. 
 Our international operations subject us to a broad range of laws and regulations that may be difficult to manage and could expose us to numerous risks that, individually or together, could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Failure to comply with economic sanctions, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and similar laws primarily associated with our activities outside of the U.S. could subject us to penalties and other material adverse consequences. 
 We collect, host, store, transfer, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of personal information. Security breaches may result in the disclosure of personal information (as well as confidential information) and improper use of such information may negatively affect our business and harm our reputation. 
 Failure to comply with privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other material adverse consequences. 
 If a third party asserts that we are infringing its intellectual property, whether successful or not, it could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses, and our business may be harmed. 
 If our trademarks, trade names, and confidential information are not adequately protected, we may lose our competitive advantage in our target markets. 
 Our growth depends on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties as well as our ability to successfully integrate our applications with a variety of third-party technologies. 
 The success of our business depends in part on our relationships with our partners and vendors. 
 A failure, disruption, including any disruption tied to the transition to any new technologies, or change to the cost of the technologies that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Systems failures, interruptions or delays in service, including due to natural disasters or other catastrophic events, could delay and disrupt our services, which could materially harm our business and reputation. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by unfavorable conditions in the general economy. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation. 
 We are subject to significant competition, and if we fail to compete successfully, our sales could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 A significant portion of our fulfillment operations, and certain of our technology development operations, subject us to particular risks inherent in operating overseas. 
 If we fail to upgrade, enhance and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, or fail to successfully manage the transition to new products and services, the demand for our products and services may materially diminish. 
 We have incurred operating losses in the past, may incur operating losses in the future and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 Our recent growth rates may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth. 
 Our growth depends, in part, on increasing our presence in the markets that we currently serve, and we may not be successful in doing so. 
 We acquire information from a variety of sources to conduct our business, and if some of these sources are not available to us in the future, or if the fees charged by such sources significantly increase, our business may be materially and adversely affected and our profit margins may decline. 
 We are subject to payment-related risks that may result in higher operating costs or the inability to process payments, either of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Sales to government entities and higher-tier contractors to governmental clients involve unique competitive, procurement, budget, administrative and contractual risks, any of which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may incur impairment charges for our goodwill which would negatively affect our operating results. 
 The economic, health and business disruption that can be caused by a widespread public health concern or crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we experience a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting in the future or otherwise fail in the future to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting or effective disclosure controls and procedures, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may materially adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the price of our common stock. 
 Our Sponsor controls us and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 To service our indebtedness, we require a significant amount of cash, which depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and, as a result, qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Sales, or the potential for sales, of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to drop significantly. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 We could face liability based on the nature of our services and the information we report or fail to report in our background screening, which may not be covered or fully covered by insurance. 
 We face potential liability from individuals, classes of individuals, clients or regulatory bodies for claims based on the nature, content or accuracy of our services and the information we use and report and depending on our compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA ), U.S. state consumer reporting agency laws or regulations, foreign regulations and applicable employment laws. Our potential exposure to lawsuits or government investigations may increase depending in part on our clients compliance with these laws and regulations and applicable employment laws in their procurement and use of our screening reports as part of their hiring process, which is generally outside of our control. Our potential liability includes claims of non-compliance with the FCRA and other laws and regulations governing our services, as well as other claims of defamation, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement. In some cases we may be subject to strict liability. 
 We also face potential liability from our clients, and possibly third parties, in the event we fail to report information, particularly criminal records or other potentially negative information. For example, should we fail to identify and report an available and reportable criminal felony record that our client hired us to report, or should we fail to correctly report such information to our client, then we may face potential liability in the event that the employer hires such candidate, later discovers such record, terminates such employee and is in turn sued by such employee. We may also face liability in the event the employer hires such candidate and that employee then causes personal or monetary injury or damage to the employer, its other employees or other third parties. From time to time, we have been subject to claims and lawsuits by current and potential employees of our clients, alleging that we provided to our clients inaccurate or improper information that negatively affected the clients hiring decisions. Although the resolutions of these lawsuits have not had a material adverse effect on us to date, the costs of such claims, including settlement amounts or punitive damages, could be material in the future, could cause adverse publicity and reputational damage, could divert the attention of our management, could subject us to equitable remedies relating to the operation of our business and provision of services and result in significant legal expenses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and adverse publicity, and could result in the loss of existing clients and make it difficult to attract new clients. Insurance may not be adequate to cover us for all risks to which we are exposed or may not be available to cover these claims at all. Any imposition of liability, particularly liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of our insurance coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage, including any applicable deductibles, copays and other policy limits, will continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost or will be adequate to cover any claims or lawsuits we may face in the future or that we will be able to renew our insurance policies on favorable terms, or at all. 
 We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and changes in law or regulation, or a failure to correctly identify, interpret, comply with and reconcile the laws and regulations to which we are subject, could result in substantial liability or materially adversely affect our product and service offerings, revenue or profitability. 
 Because we are a consumer reporting agency relating to many of our services and we deal primarily in searching and reporting public and non-public consumer information and records, including criminal records, employment and education history, credit history, driving records and drug screening results, we are subject to extensive, evolving and often complex governmental laws and regulations, such as the FCRA, the Drivers Privacy Protection Act DPPA ), state consumer reporting agency laws as well as state licensing and registration requirements, including as a consumer reporting agency and a private investigator, and various other foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations, including the Investigative Consumer Reporting Agency Act and case law relating to the FCRA and such other law and regulations. The restrictions and process requirements largely relate to what may be reported about an individual, when, to whom, and for what purposes, and how the subjects of consumer reports are to be treated. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires significant expense and resources, which could increase significantly as these laws and regulations evolve. Additionally, our identity verification services could also be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with the rules and regulations of the FBI. Our failure to comply with FBI regulations could result in loss of our status as an FBI channeler, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or growth strategy. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Further, as discussed below under Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology and Data Privacy Failure to comply with privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other material adverse consequences, we are subject to laws that restrict access to, use and disclosure of certain types of personal information and regulate the protection, storage and disposal of such information. We are subject to such laws and regulations in many jurisdictions. Identifying, interpreting and complying with foreign laws and regulations is particularly difficult due to the broad range of such foreign laws and regulations, as well as uncertainties with respect to the applicability and interpretation of such laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these domestic and foreign laws and regulations, to the extent applicable, may harm our reputation and result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and fines, private litigation, restrictions on our operations, and breach of contract or indemnification claims by our clients and vendors including data suppliers, which may not be covered by insurance. Further, laws and regulations governing investment migration programs are subject to regulatory interpretation. Should it be determined that these programs violate any laws or regulations, our Sterling Diligence business, specifically with respect to our Citizenship-by-Investment diligence solutions, could be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to the challenges of identifying, interpreting and complying with such laws and regulations, and changes to such laws and regulations over time, we face the challenge of reconciling the many potential conflicts between such laws and regulations among the various domestic and international jurisdictions that may be involved in the provision of our services. These challenges may require us to incur additional compliance costs, and could also increase our exposure to potential lawsuits, fines and penalties. A failure to correctly identify, interpret, comply with and reconcile the laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in substantial liability and could have a material adverse effect on us. The expansion of our business into areas other than employment screening may require compliance with additional laws and regulations. 
 Changes to law, regulation, or administrative enforcement and interpretations or other limitations and prohibitions could materially adversely affect our offerings, revenue, or profitability. For example, numerous states and municipalities have implemented ban the box and fair chance hiring laws that limit or prohibit employers from inquiring or using a candidate s criminal history to make employment decisions. Many states and municipalities have in recent years amended their ban the box and fair chance laws to increase the restrictions on the use of such information. In addition to the laws that impact what types of criminal information can be used at different stages of the hiring process, redaction of personal identifying information in criminal records (such as date of birth), and court rules and lawsuits that limit and or restrict access to identifiers in criminal records, may negatively impact our ability to perform complete criminal background checks. Some county courts, such as Los Angeles County, California, have enacted rules to limit access to personal identifiers in criminal records, causing delays and barriers to perform complete criminal background checks. If the U.S. federal government, a foreign government or additional states or municipalities were to pass regulations precluding or limiting the use of pre-employment screening in hiring decisions, or precluding or limiting the ability to leverage certain personal identifying information in criminal records, our ability to conduct our current business in the applicable jurisdiction could be materially reduced or eliminated. 
 Our international operations subject us to a broad range of laws and regulations that may be difficult to manage and could expose us to numerous risks that, individually or together, could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 In 2022, we performed screening services in over 240 countries and territories worldwide. We expect to continue to provide screening services in a large number of countries and territories worldwide and we intend to expand our international operations. Privacy and other laws and regulations governing our operations in these jurisdictions may not be fully developed, may vary significantly, are subject to change from time to time, and may sometimes conflict or be subject to multiple interpretations. Identifying, interpreting and complying with these laws and regulations is difficult, and we cannot be certain we have done so or will correctly do so. As a result, we rely on outside counsel or business personnel in interpreting or applying local laws and regulations, which generally is limited, or on our clients or local vendors knowledge of such laws and regulations. In addition, a significant portion of our operations, including screening fulfillment, are conducted through subsidiaries in Mumbai, India and Manila, the Philippines. 
 Our international operations, including our screening fulfillment operations in India and the Philippines, may subject us to additional risks and challenges, particularly with respect to: 
 obtaining qualified, reliable data sources and vendors that cover international markets on reasonable terms, if at all; 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 the need to develop, localize and adapt our products and services for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages, localization of contracts for different legal jurisdictions and associated expenses; 
 compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy, intellectual property and data protection laws and regulations; 
 potentially weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the U.S. and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights; 
 laws, customs and business practices favoring local competitors; 
 foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash to the U.S.; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 potential negative consequences from changes to taxation policies, including unfavorable foreign tax rules; 
 enforcing contracts under foreign legal systems, as well as defending claims brought in jurisdictions outside the U.S.; 
 difficulties in appropriately staffing and managing foreign operations and providing appropriate compensation for local markets; 
 increased costs and risks of developing and managing global operations, including our potential failure to implement global best practices, experiences of employee dissatisfaction and the improper allocation of resources, as a result of distance as well as language and cultural differences; 
 labor disturbances; 
 new and different sources of competition; 
 currency fluctuations that could affect our margins on international services or could increase the cost of labor at our India and Philippines subsidiaries; 
 non-compliance with applicable currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations, or other similar regulations; 
 geopolitical unrest, which could cause disruptions in our business, limit our ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions or cause us to change our business practices; and 
 trade relations, security and economic instability, regional or international conflicts and the outbreak of pandemics or diseases. 
 Operating and expanding our business internationally, such as through our recent acquisition of Socrates in Latin America, could require us to incur additional compliance costs, which may be significant, or could subject us to substantial liability, including civil and criminal penalties and fines, restrictions on our operations, and breach of contract or indemnification claims by our clients and data suppliers, for failure to adequately comply in any or all of these jurisdictions. Any such cost or liability could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with economic sanctions, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and similar laws associated primarily with our activities outside of the U.S. could subject us to penalties and other material adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to various trade restrictions, including economic sanctions and export controls, imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations. Such trade controls prohibit or restrict transactions involving certain persons and certain designated countries or territories, including Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic and the so-called Luhansk 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 People s Republic. We maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable sanctions and export controls, including those imposed by OFAC, the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security, His Majesty s Treasury and the EU or EU member states. As part of our business, we engage in limited interactions involving certain countries that are targets of economic sanctions, including obtaining or verifying information that is located in such countries. We believe that such interactions are conducted in compliance with applicable trade controls in accordance with relevant legal exemptions and authorizations. However, our employees, contractors, and agents, and companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of laws and regulations and our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible and our policies and procedures may not be adequate in protecting us from liability. Any such violation could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, client relationships, business, results of operations and prospects. 
 We operate a global business and may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We are subject to anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we operate, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from corruptly promising, authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments of anything of value to foreign government officials, political parties and private-sector recipients for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to any person, or securing any improper advantage. Many anti-corruption laws also prohibit commercial bribery i.e. , bribery involving private parties) and soliciting and receiving bribes. In addition, U.S. public companies are required to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions and to have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. In many foreign countries, including countries in which we may conduct business, it may be a local custom that businesses engage in practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other applicable laws and regulations. We face significant risks if we or any of our directors, officers, employees, agents or other partners or representatives fail to comply with these laws, and governmental authorities in the U.S. and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have implemented an anti-corruption compliance program and policies, procedures and training designed to foster compliance with these laws. However, our employees, contractors, and agents, and companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and prospects. 
 Violation of applicable trade controls, anti-corruption laws, or anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts and other remedial measures, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, responding to any enforcement action may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. Further, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements, including changes that may affect existing regulatory exceptions, and we cannot predict the manner in which existing laws and regulations might be administered or interpreted. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Security and Data Privacy 
 We collect, host, store, transfer, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of personal information. Security breaches may result in the disclosure of personal (and other confidential) information and improper use of information may negatively affect our business and harm our reputation. 
 Our products and services involve the collection and transmission of confidential and sensitive information of our clients and their existing and potential employees, including personal information such as: social security numbers and their foreign equivalents, driver s license numbers, dates of birth, addresses, identity verification information (such as government issued identification or passport numbers) and other sensitive personal and business information, which subjects us to potential liability from clients, consumers and other data subjects, third parties and government authorities relating to claims of legal or regulatory non-compliance, defamation, invasion of privacy, false light, negligence, intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation and/or other related causes of action. A security breach in our facilities, platforms, computer networks, systems or databases (or those of our third-party service providers) or employee error or misconduct could expose us to a risk of loss of, or unauthorized access to and misappropriation or compromise of, this personal and business information, which could result in adverse publicity and harm our business and reputation and result in a loss of clients, system interruptions or the imposition of fines or other 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 penalties by governmental agencies and claims by our clients and their candidates and employees. Further, the global security environment grows increasingly challenging as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication and our systems may be targeted and vulnerable to physical break-ins, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, loss or destruction of data, other malicious code, or unauthorized access or attacks by hackers (including, for example, state-sponsored attacks arising out of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine), employee error or malfeasance and similar intrusions. Outside parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees to take actions, including the release of proprietary business or personal information or to make fraudulent payments through illegal electronic spamming, phishing, spear phishing or other tactics. Certain of these malicious parties may be state-sponsored and supported by significant financial and technological resources. Although this is a global problem, it may affect us more than other businesses because malevolent parties may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that we collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of. If unauthorized parties gain access to our products or services or our platforms, computer networks, systems or databases, or if authorized parties utilize our products or services for non-permissible purposes, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify the confidential and third-party personal information in our control, or impact our ability to access data or operate our systems. There is an increased risk that we may experience cybersecurity-related incidents as a result of the continued use of remote working and hybrid work-from-home arrangements by our employees, third-party service providers and other third parties working remotely, as such remote working may create additional opportunities for the exploitation of vulnerabilities. Any inability to protect the security, integrity, availability and privacy of our data and electronic transactions, or any misuse of our information services by our clients, employees, vendors or hackers, could cause significant harm to our business and reputation and result in significant liability. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly complex and sophisticated and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time and generally are not discovered until after they have been launched against or infiltrated a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 
 An actual or perceived breach of our security could have one or more of the following material and adverse effects: 
 deter clients from using our products and services and harm our reputation; 
 expose clients to the risk of financial or medical identity theft; 
 expose us to liability; 
 increase operating expenses to correct problems caused by the breach; 
 deter data suppliers from supplying information to us; 
 affect our ability to meet clients expectations; 
 divert management focus; or 
 lead to inquiries from, or sanctions or penalties imposed by, governmental authorities, such as the Federal Trade Commission, data protection supervisory authorities or state attorneys general, each of which has imposed significant penalties on companies that have failed to adequately protect personal information, and U.S. states attorneys general, who have authority to impose fines or penalties with respect to breaches under state laws. 
 We rely on a variety of security measures, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for our processing, transmission and storage of personal information and other confidential information. We also rely on third-party service providers to process some of our data and any failure by such third parties to prevent or mitigate security breaches or improper access to, or disclosure of, such information could have adverse consequences for us similar to an incident directly on our systems. Although none of the data or cybersecurity incidents that we have encountered to date have materially affected us, we cannot assure that we or our third-party service providers will not experience any future security breaches, cyber-attacks or unauthorized disclosures, particularly given the continuously evolving nature of tools and methods used by hackers and cyber criminals. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, malware or physical or electronic intrusions that our security measures may not detect. 
 Furthermore, federal and state regulators and many federal, state and international laws and regulations require notice of certain data security breaches that involve personal information, which, if applicable, could lead 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 to widespread negative publicity, which may cause our clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. In addition, we may incur significant costs and operational consequences in connection with investigating, mitigating, remediating, eliminating, and putting in place additional measures designed to prevent future actual or perceived security incidents, as well as in connection with complying with any notification or other obligations resulting from any security incidents. These costs may include, but are not limited to, retaining the services of cybersecurity vendors and service providers, compliance costs arising out of existing and future cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws and regulations and costs related to maintaining redundant networks, data backups and other damage-mitigation measures. While we maintain insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions, is designed to cover losses or claims that may arise in connection with certain aspects of data and cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 If we are unable to fully protect the security and privacy of our data and electronic transactions, including through updates to our products and applications, or if we or our third-party service providers are unable to prevent any data security breach, incident, unauthorized access, and/or misuse of our information by our clients, employees, vendors, or hackers, it could result in significant liability (including litigation and regulatory actions and fines), cause lasting harm to our brand and reputation and cause us to lose existing clients and fail to win new clients. 
 Failure to comply with privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other material adverse consequences. 
 The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our products and services is subject to federal, state, municipal and foreign privacy, data and consumer protection and cybersecurity laws. These laws, which are not uniform, generally do one or more of the following: regulate the collection, storage, hosting, transfer (including in some cases, the transfer outside the country of collection), processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information; require notice to individuals of privacy practices; and give individuals certain rights with respect to their personal information. A growing trend of laws and regulations in this area is to provide for mandatory notification to affected individuals, clients, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data breach, and further expansion of requirements is possible. Further, if our practices or products are perceived to constitute an invasion of privacy, we may be subject to increased scrutiny and public criticism, litigation, and reputational harm, which could disrupt our business and expose us to liability. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among us and our subsidiaries. The GDPR, the U.K. data protection regime consisting primarily of the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation, effective as of January 1, 2021, and the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 (together, the U.K. GDPR ), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA in the U.S., and the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act CPRA are among some of the more comprehensive of these laws. 
 The scope and interpretation of data privacy and cybersecurity regulations continues to evolve, and we believe that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area is likely in the near future internationally and within the U.S. at both state and federal levels. For example, the recently effective CPRA, which expands upon the California Consumer Privacy Act requires covered companies to, among other things, provide new disclosures to California consumers, and affords such consumers new privacy rights including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information and expanded rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is collected, used and shared. The CPRA exempts much of the data that is covered by FCRA and DPPA and, therefore, much of our data is not subject to the CPRA. However, information we hold about individual residents of California that is not subject to FCRA and DPPA would be subject to the CPRA. The CPRA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for security breaches that may increase security breach litigation. Further, other states, such as Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut, have instituted privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations, and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal and state level. These laws, rules and regulations may increase our compliance costs and potential liability, particularly in the event of a data breach, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including how we use personal information, our financial condition, and the results of our operations or prospects. There are also laws and regulations governing the collection and use of biometric information, such as fingerprints and face prints. For example, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act BIPA applies to the collection and use of biometric identifiers and biometric information which include finger and face prints. A business required to comply with BIPA is not permitted to sell, lease, trade or otherwise profit from biometric identifiers or biometric information it collects, and is also under obligations to have and disclose to the public a written policy with respect to the retention and destruction of all biometric identifiers and biometric information; ensure that it informs the subject of the collection and the purpose of the collection and obtains 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 consent for such collection; and obtain consent for any disclosure of biometric identifiers or biometric information. Individuals are afforded a private right of action under BIPA and may recover statutory damages equal to the greater of 1,000 (or 5,000 for reckless violations) or actual damages and reasonable attorneys fees and costs. The statute is broad and still being interpreted by the courts through continued litigation. Additionally, a number of other laws concerning the collection, retention and use of biometric information have been proposed or passed. Such laws and proposals, if passed, could increase our potential liability, increase our compliance costs, cause us to change our business practices and materially adversely affect our business. 
 In Europe and the U.K., the GDPR and the U.K. GDPR impose stringent operational requirements for entities processing personal data including requirements to provide detailed disclosures about how personal data is processed, demonstrate an appropriate legal basis and grant significant rights for data subjects. The GDPR, national implementing legislation in European Economic Area EEA member states, and the U.K. GDPR impose a strict data protection compliance regime including: providing detailed disclosures about how personal data is collected and processed (in a concise, intelligible and easily accessible form); demonstrating that an appropriate legal basis is in place or otherwise exists to justify data processing activities; granting rights for data subjects in regard to their personal data (including the right to access, to be forgotten and the right to data portability), imposing an obligation to notify data protection regulators or supervisory authorities (and in certain cases, affected individuals) of significant data breaches; maintaining a record of data processing; and complying with the principle of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audits. In addition, both regimes impose significant penalties for non-compliance. In particular, under the GDPR/U.K. GDPR, fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 of the annual global revenue of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater, could be imposed for violations of certain of the GDPR/U.K. GDPR requirements. Such penalties are in addition to any civil litigation claims by data subjects (which may result in significant compensation or damages liabilities), potential regulatory investigations, reputational damage, consent orders, orders to cease/change the way we process or transfer personal data, enforcement notices, compulsory audits, resolution agreements, requirements to take particular actions with respect to training, policies or other activities. 
 While the GDPR applies uniformly across the EU, each EU member state is permitted to issue nation-specific data protection legislation, which has created inconsistencies on a country-by-country basis. Moreover, Brexit (as defined below), and the potential future evolution of U.K. data protection laws it has made possible, has created further uncertainty and could result in the application of new data privacy and protection laws and standards to our operations in the U.K., our handling of personal data of users located in the U.K., and transfers of personal data between the EU and the U.K. Today, U.K. GDPR largely mirrors the GDPR. Reflecting this, on June 28, 2021, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision which provides for the free transfer of personal data from the EU to the U.K. In its decision, the European Commission included a sunset clause, which provides that it will automatically expire on June 27, 2025 subject to renewal only if the U.K. continues to ensure an adequate level of data protection. In announcing the decision, it was further noted that there will be close monitoring of the U.K. system as it evolves and that the European Commission may intervene at any time if the level of data protection in the U.K. deviates from the level of protection in place at the time of the decision. If the U.K. does not retain its positive adequacy decision from the EU, we may be required to implement new processes and put new agreements in place, such as standard contractual clauses, to govern any transfers of personal data from the EU to the U.K. In addition, as noted above, Brexit and the subsequent implementation of the U.K. GDPR exposes us to two parallel data protection regimes, each of which potentially authorizes similar significant fines and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for certain violations. On July 16, 2020, the European Court of Justice CJEU ), among other things, called into question the use of Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs ), as a lawful mechanism for cross-border transfers of personal data, noting adequate safeguards must be met for SCCs to be valid. 
 
 The European Commission updated the SCCs on June 4, 2021, and additional regulatory guidance has been released that seeks to impose additional obligations on companies seeking to rely on the SCCs for such transfers. Parties transferring personal data from the EEA to third countries with inadequate data protection such as the U.S. had until December 27, 2022 to update any existing agreements, or any new agreements executed before September 27, 2021, that rely on SCCs. On March 21, 2022, the U.K. s own form of agreement and addendum to the E.U. SCCs (the U.K. SCCs ), which can be used for transfers for data from the U.K. to third countries, came into force. Parties had until September 21, 2022 to implement the U.K. SCCs for new agreements, and have until March 21, 2024 to update all existing agreements. 
 
 Since the CJEU s decision in 2020, certain European supervisory authorities have indicated that they are looking at cross-border transfers more closely, and certain Data Protection Authorities decided in 2022 that the transfer of data to the U.S. using certain analytics tools is illegal. While these decisions related specifically to analytics tools in question, the considerations underlying them may be farther reaching, applying potentially to any transfer of EEA personal data to the U.S. Additional legal challenges in the E.U. to the mechanisms allowing 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 companies to transfer personal data from the EEA to certain other jurisdictions, including the U.S., are ongoing, and may result in further limitations on the ability to transfer data across borders. 
 
 Although we have taken steps to implement the new EU and U.K. SCCs and ensure adequate safeguards to transfer personal data from the EU and U.K. to the U.S., as supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs and U.K. SCCs cannot be used, and continue taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints, regulatory investigations or fines and/or personal data transfer suspensions. 
 
 If we are unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services and could adversely affect our financial results. Until the legal uncertainties regarding how to legally continue transfers pursuant to the SCCs/U.K. SCCs and other mechanisms are settled, we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply with our obligations under the GDPR/U.K. GDPR will be sufficient. 
 
 In addition to rules restricting or conditioning cross-border data transfers, certain countries have put in place mandatory data residency requirements, meaning that storage of residents data must remain within the country. For example, Canada has certain sector-specific data residency requirements with which we comply. The Russian Federation currently mandates domestic data residency, which does not currently impact us as we do not do business in Russia and are not subject to Russian law. If a country where we operate or do business but do not have local data storage capabilities were to put in place such a restriction, it would result in additional information technology costs to support local infrastructure and cloud platforms or a loss of revenue from that country if local data residency cannot be accommodated. Such data residency requirements have been proposed, but not yet enacted, in India, among other jurisdictions. 
 
 Outside of Europe, the People s Republic of China enacted a new Personal Information Protection Law, effective November 1, 2021 PIPL that imposes various restrictions and conditions on the collection, use, disclosure, security, retention, cross-border transfer and other processing of personal information. PIPL represents an entirely new privacy regulatory regime in China and introduces new uncertainties, increased obligations and potential exposure to fines and penalties (including fines of up to 5 of annual global revenue) for the operation of our business in China. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability and damage our reputation. Due to the substantial number of state, local and international jurisdictions in which we operate, there also is a risk that we may be unable to adequately monitor actual or proposed changes in, or the interpretation of, the laws or governmental regulations of such jurisdictions. Although we make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, our interpretations and such measures may have been or may prove to be insufficient or incorrect, and any delay in our compliance with changes in such laws or regulations could result in potential fines, penalties, or other sanctions for non-compliance. In addition, data security events and concerns about privacy abuses by other companies are changing consumer and social expectations for enhanced privacy and data protection. 
 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us or any other third parties with whom we do business to comply with these laws, rules, regulations, and standards, including the enhanced obligations imposed by the GDPR/U.K. GDPR, HIPAA, CPRA and BIPA, or with other obligations (including contractual obligations) to which we or they may be or may become subject, may result in significant costs to our business and require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, cease offering certain products and services, incur substantial costs and potential liability in an effort to comply with such laws and regulation, or lead to actions against us or them by governmental entities, private claims and litigations, fines, penalties, or other liabilities or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us or them to modify our or their business practices. Additionally, changes in these laws and requirements, including limitations on information permitted to be used in employment-related screenings, could limit our clients uses of personal information and could result in reduced demand for our products and services or cause us to incur additional compliance costs and expose us to increased noncompliance risk. 
 
 We and/or our clients also may be subject to a number of passed and proposed laws and regulations related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning AI ), which control for, among other things, data bias and anti-discrimination. For example, in the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission FTC enforces consumer protection laws such as Section 5 of the FTC Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive practices, including use of biased algorithms in AI. In October 2021, the U.S. Equal Employment Commission EEOC announced the launch of a new initiative to monitor the use of AI and other algorithmic decision-making technology in the hiring and employment context and to ensure that such use does not violate federal civil rights and employment laws and has identified possible discrimination in the use of automated systems, including use of AI in hiring decisions, as a focus of its 2023 Strategic Enforcement Plan. The EEOC stated that the initiative will focus on applicants, current employees, employers and technology vendors to make sure the use of AI and other technologies do not create new discriminatory barriers to jobs. The European Commission also recently released its draft proposal for a regulation (i.e., the E.U. AI Act) implementing harmonized rules on AI and amending certain union legislative acts. The proposed regulation would impose additional restrictions and obligations on providers and users of AI 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 systems, including increasing transparency so consumers know they are interacting with an AI system, requiring human oversight in AI, and prohibiting certain practices of AI that could lead to physical or psychological harm. The EU Act is expected to be adopted by Parliament in 2023, taking effect in 2024 or 2025. Given the increased focus by these and other regulators on the use of AI, other countries are considering additional laws, regulations, and standards related to AI, which may be introduced in the future. Regulation in this area could impact how our clients use our products and services to interact with consumers and how we provide our services to our clients. AI tools can also present unique technological, ethical and legal challenges, such as the possibility of insufficient data sets, or data sets that contain biased information, which can negatively impact the decisions, predictions or analyses that AI applications produce. Deficiencies such as these, whether real or perceived, could cause us reputational harm and subject us to legal liability, including claims of product liability, breach of warranty, or negligence. Potential government regulation related to AI use and ethics may also increase the burden and cost of research and development in this area, and failure to properly remediate AI usage or ethics issues may cause public confidence in AI to be undermined, which could slow adoption of AI in our offerings. The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of resources to develop, test and maintain our products and services to help ensure that AI is implemented ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact. 
 
 If a third party asserts that we are infringing its intellectual property, whether successful or not, it could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses, and our business may be harmed. 
 Third parties may assert patent and other intellectual property infringement claims against us in the form of lawsuits, letters or other forms of communication. If a third party successfully asserts a claim that we are infringing its proprietary rights, then royalty or licensing agreements might not be available on terms we find acceptable or at all. As currently pending patent applications are not publicly available, we cannot anticipate all such claims or know with certainty whether our technology infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties. These claims, whether or not successful, could require significant management time and attention; result in costly and time-consuming litigation and the payment of substantial damages; require us to expend additional development resources to redesign our products and services to avoid infringement or discontinue the sale of our products and services; create negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation and brand and the demand for our products and services; or require us to indemnify our clients. Even if we have not infringed any third parties intellectual property rights, we cannot be sure our legal defenses will be successful, and even if we are successful in defending against such claims, our legal defense could require significant financial resources and management s time, which could adversely affect our business. 
 If our trademarks, trade names, and confidential information are not adequately protected, we may lose our competitive advantage in our target markets. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our target markets and our business may be adversely affected. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity, possibly leading to market confusion and potentially leading us to pursue legal action. In addition, there could be trade name or trademark infringement allegations brought by owners of other trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our unregistered trademarks or trade names. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We currently rely upon trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in maintaining, protecting, or enforcing the confidentiality of our trade secrets or that our non-disclosure agreements will provide sufficient protection of our trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation, or other disclosure. Further, we cannot provide any assurances that our employees, consultants and third parties will not breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets. Additionally, we rely upon invention assignment agreements with our employees and certain of our consultants and other third parties. If we do not protect our intellectual property adequately, competitors may be able to use our methods and databases and thereby erode any competitive advantages we may have. 
 We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary methods and technologies are effectively maintained as trade secrets, and we have taken necessary security measures to protect this information. These measures alone, however, may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other confidential information. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. Additionally, enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time- 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. It is also possible that our trade secrets will become known by some other mechanism or independently developed by our competitors, and we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. 
 Risks Generally Related to Our Business 
 Our growth depends on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties as well as our ability to successfully integrate our applications with a variety of third-party technologies. 
 We depend on relationships with third parties and are also dependent on third parties for the license of certain software and development tools that are incorporated into or used with our applications. If the operations of these third parties are disrupted or any of these third parties are unwilling or unable to continue to provide a critical product or service, and we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the supply of such product or service on commercially reasonable terms or a timely basis, or at all, our own operations may suffer, which could materially adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we rely upon licensed third-party software to help improve our internal systems, processes, and controls. Identifying partners, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources. The priorities and objectives of these third-party service providers may differ from ours and we may be at a disadvantage if our competitors are effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce use of our services, or in negotiating better rates or terms with such third parties. Acquisitions of our partners by our competitors could end our strategic relationship with the acquired partner and result in a decrease in the number of our current and potential clients, or the support services available for third-party technology may be negatively affected by mergers and consolidation in the software industry. In addition, like us, third parties are vulnerable to operational and technological disruptions, and we may have limited remedies against these third parties in the event of product or service disruptions. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, or in monitoring the quality of their products and services or performance, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results may suffer. 
 To the extent that our applications depend upon the successful integration and operation of third-party software in conjunction with our software, any current or future undetected errors, failures, bugs or defects in our applications or this third-party software, especially when updates or new products or software are released, as well as cybersecurity threats or attacks related to such software, could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our applications, delay new application introductions, result in a failure of our applications, result in increased costs, including claims from clients, and injure our reputation. Our applications and third-party software are used in information technology IT environments with different operating systems, system management software, devices, databases, servers, storage, middleware, custom, and third-party applications and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors, failures, bugs, or defects in the IT environment into which such software and technology are deployed. This diversity increases the likelihood of errors, failures, bugs, or defects in those IT environments. Any real or perceived errors, failures, bugs or defects in our products could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products and harm to our brand, weakening of our competitive position, claims by clients for losses sustained by them or failure to meet the stated service level commitments in our client agreements as well as impair our ability to attract new clients or retain existing clients. Furthermore, software may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. Although we believe that there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it may be difficult or costly to replace. Integration of new software into our applications may require significant work and require substantial investment of our time and resources. 
 We also need to continuously modify and enhance our applications to keep pace with changes in third-party technologies, and other third-party software, communication, browser and database technologies. We must also appropriately balance the application capability demands of our current clients with the capabilities required to serve the broader market. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, or modifications to existing platforms or technologies, could increase our product development expenses. Any failure of our applications to operate effectively with future network platforms and other third-party technologies could reduce the demand for our applications, result in client and end user dissatisfaction, and materially adversely affect our business and operating results. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes and controls or in connection with third-party software, which could materially impair our ability to provide products and services to our clients in a timely manner, cause us to lose clients, limit us to smaller deployments of our products and services, or increase our technical support costs. 
 The success of our business depends in part on our relationships with our partners and vendors. 
 From time to time we enter into relationships with certain partners and vendors, some of which offer highly specialized services. If any of these partners or vendors were to cease providing their services, elect to not 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, breach their agreements with us or fail to satisfy our expectations, whether due to exclusivity arrangements with our competitors, acquisition by one of our competitors, vendor consolidation, regulation or otherwise, we may not be able to find a suitable replacement on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If a vendor raises the costs for its services, we may not be able to pass through such cost increases to our clients. If a partner or vendor updates its products without providing sufficient notice to us, there could be disruptions, which could result in errors, delays, and interruptions. 
 We have developed a comprehensive integration platform by partnering with leading HCM and ATS platforms to integrate our front-end client interface into our clients systems. However, if any of these HCM or ATS platforms were to enter into an exclusivity arrangement with one of our competitors or we were to otherwise lose the partnership, we could lose not only the partnership with the HCM or ATS platform but the clients using the platform as well. Further, if any of these platforms were to be disrupted, our ability to deliver our products and services would be adversely affected. 
 Losses of our partner or vendor relationships as described above, disruptions of our partner platforms, or changes to partners or vendors capabilities or the terms or our relationships could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A failure, disruption, including any disruption tied to the transition to any new technologies, or change to the cost of the technologies that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our technology infrastructure is critical to the performance of our front-end client interface as well as our fulfillment and operating systems. Substantially all of our technology platform and company systems run on a complex distributed system, commonly referred to as cloud computing. The technology landscape is constantly evolving, and in order to remain competitive, we must adapt and migrate to new technologies, applications and processes. There can be no assurance that our transition to new technologies and infrastructure, such as our recent migration to new cloud computing systems, will be without operational interruptions or other disruptions. Such transitions can be complex and involve substantial expenditures as well as risks inherent to the conversion to any new system, including potential loss of information or disruption to operations. 
 We own, operate and maintain elements of our technology infrastructure, but significant elements are operated by third parties that we do not control and which would require significant time and expense to replace. We rely on these third parties to host our applications and to provide continuous power, cooling, internet connectivity and physical and technological security for our servers, and our operations depend in part on their ability to protect their systems and facilities against any damage or interruption from natural disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes, power or telecommunication failures, human error, usage spikes, fires, floods and other catastrophic events, terrorist attacks, malicious attacks, vandalism, sabotage and similar events. The occurrence of such an event or other damage to, failure of, or unanticipated problem at a facility, or a decision to close a facility without adequate notice, could result in lengthy interruptions to our cloud-based technology platform. The third parties that we rely on to host our technology infrastructure may not have redundancy for all of their systems, and even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements, any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties could disrupt our business, including by preventing clients from accessing our products and services, and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we cannot guarantee that our current or future third-party cloud providers will keep up with our increasing capacity needs or client demand. In addition, our users depend on internet service providers, online service providers, and other website operators for access to our systems. These providers could experience outages, delays, and other difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our technology infrastructure, events which are beyond our control, or mitigation. Also, in the event of such a failure or interruption, insurance may not be adequate to cover us for all risks to which we are exposed or may not be available to cover any losses that we may incur. 
 We incur significant costs with our third-party data hosting services. If the costs for such services increase due to vendor consolidation, regulation, contract renegotiation, or otherwise, we may not be able to pass through such fee increases to our clients. In addition, if any of these third-party vendors cease providing services, elect to not renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, breach their agreements with us or fail to satisfy our expectations, our operations could be disrupted and we could be required to incur significant costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, any inability of these third parties to keep up with our needs for capacity could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any changes in these third parties service levels, or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our applications or the infrastructure on which they run, could 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 materially adversely affect our reputation and may damage our clients or other users stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in our products and services. Interruptions in our products or services might materially adversely affect our reputation and operating results, cause us to issue refunds or service credits to clients, subject us to potential liabilities, or result in contract terminations or loss of clients. 
 Systems failures, interruptions or delays in service, including due to natural disasters or other catastrophic events, could delay and disrupt our services, which could materially harm our business and reputation. 
 Our business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our systems, networks and infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we, or our third-party service providers, will not experience systems failures or business interruptions. Our systems, networks, infrastructure and other operations are vulnerable to impact or interruption from a wide variety of causes, including: power, internet or telecommunications failures; hardware failures or software errors; human error, acts of vandalism or sabotage; catastrophic events, such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, climate change or acts of war or terrorism; malicious cyber-attacks or cyber incidents, such as unauthorized access, ransomware, denial-of-service, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses or other malicious code; and the loss or failure of systems over which we have no control, such as loss of support services from critical third-party service providers. In addition, we may also face significant increases in our use of power and data storage and may experience a shortage of capacity or increased costs associated with such usage. 
 Any failure of, or significant interruption, delay or disruption to, or security breaches affecting, our platforms, systems, networks or infrastructure could result in disruption to our operations, including disruptions in service to our clients; cause us to incur significant expense to repair, replace or remediate systems, networks or infrastructure; harm our brand and reputation; divert our employees attention; reduce our revenue; subject us to liability; cause us to breach service level contract obligations or cause us to issue credits or lose clients, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We internally support and maintain many of our systems and networks, including those underlying our products and services; however, we may not have sufficient personnel to properly respond to all system, network or infrastructure problems. Our failure to monitor or maintain our systems, networks and infrastructure, including those maintained or supported by our third-party service providers, or to find a replacement for defective or obsolete components within our systems, networks and infrastructure in a timely and cost-effective manner when necessary, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we generally have disaster recovery and business continuity plans for much of our business, including redundant systems, networks, computer software and hardware and data centers to mitigate interruption to our normal course of business, our systems, networks and infrastructure may not always be fully redundant and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may not always be sufficient, effective or implemented properly. Similarly, although some contracts with our third-party service providers require adequate disaster recovery or business continuity capabilities, we cannot be certain that these will be adequate or implemented properly. Our disaster recovery and business continuity plans are heavily reliant on the availability of the internet and mobile phone technology, so any disruption of those systems would likely affect our ability to recover promptly from a crisis situation. If we are unable to execute our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, or if our plans prove insufficient for a particular situation or take longer than expected to implement in a crisis situation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by unfavorable conditions in the general economy. 
 The substantial majority of our revenues are derived from pre-employment screening services. Unfavorable conditions in the general economy could result in reduced demand for our products and services, as our revenues are dependent upon general economic and hiring conditions and upon conditions in the industries we serve. To the extent that the economy in general or labor market conditions in particular deteriorate, our existing and potential clients may slow or defer hiring, and may be reluctant to increase expenditures on employee screening. In addition, individuals may choose to change employment less frequently during an economic downturn. This could interfere with our growth strategy of increasing the number of background screens performed by, and average revenue per order of, our client base, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the U.S. and global economies and put an unprecedented strain on businesses around the world, including effects on inflation, monetary policy and fiscal policy, and may continue to cause uncertainty in the U.S. and global economy. This uncertainty could create unfavorable market conditions which may cause concerns of or lead to an economic slowdown or recession. It is not possible for us 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 to estimate the duration or magnitude of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations at this time. Any future economic downturn may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation. 
 
 The U.S. has recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. If inflation continues or worsens, it could negatively impact us by increasing our operating expenses. Inflation may lead to cost increases in multiple areas across our business, including the cost of labor. Further, inflation may also cause our clients to reduce their use of our products and services. To the extent that we are unable to pass on these costs through increased prices, revised budget estimates, or offset them otherwise, or if we experience lower demand from our customers due to inflation, the rising rate of inflation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to significant competition, and if we fail to compete successfully, our sales could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The market for global background screening and identity verification services is highly fragmented and competitive. We compete for business based on numerous factors, including service speed, accuracy and results, ease-of-use, breadth of offering, fulfillment reliability, reputation, client service, platform quality, and price. We compete with a diverse group of screening companies, including global full-suite players characterized by their global scale and enterprise offerings; mid-tier players that tend to focus on a particular geographic region, industry or product line; and small independent background screening players that typically serve small- to medium-sized businesses. New entrants to the market have in the past emerged, both as start-ups as well as participants in adjacent sectors such as applicant tracking systems and payroll processing companies that seek to integrate background screening into their onboarding products and solutions, and may emerge in the future, which would further increase competition. Additionally, our clients may also decide to insource work that has been traditionally outsourced to us. Some of our competitors are larger than us, have more resources than we do, have more expertise in certain industries than we do, are better financed than we are, or provide more specialized or diversified services than we do. Due in part to their size and resources, certain competitors may be in a better position to reallocate resources and anticipate and respond to existing and changing client preferences and requirements, emerging technologies and market trends. Also, our status as a public company gives our competitors access to information about us and our business, while we may not have access to similar information about them. Our competitors have imitated or attempted to imitate, and will likely continue to imitate or attempt to imitate, our services and branding, which could harm our business and results of operations. We cannot guarantee that others will not independently develop technology and products with the same or similar function to any proprietary technology we rely on to conduct our business and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Further, the intellectual property used in our business generally is not patented, and we therefore rely primarily on other forms of protection, including trade and service marks, trade secrets, trade dress and the strength of our brand. It is also possible that new competitors or alliances or consolidation among competitors may emerge and significantly increase competition. In addition, we face difficulties in competing for clients who already have long-standing relationships with other screening service providers, especially if the products and services provided by such competitors are already integrated into the client s technology platform or hiring processes, which often creates a barrier to switching providers and increases switching costs for the potential client. Continuing strong competition could result in pricing pressure, increased sales and marketing expenses, loss of clients, and greater investments in research and development. If we fail to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 While a majority of our U.S. enterprise client contracts are exclusive to us or require Sterling to be used as the primary provider for the duration of their contract, we still rely on our clients continuing demand for our products and solutions, our technology, our value proposition, and our brand and reputation to compete. The loss of a significant client or any reduced demand for our products and services by our clients, especially our large clients, would have a negative impact on our business. We cannot guarantee that we will maintain relationships with any of our clients on acceptable terms or at all or retain, renew or expand upon our existing agreements. The failure to do so could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may also face increased competition in the identity verification market, including both our online Identity-as-a-Service suite and our fingerprinting services. Our competitors may develop identity verification services that compete with ours, including biometrics technology that directly competes with or is superior to our own. Additionally, if we are unable to develop new hardware and software or enhance our existing technology in a timely manner in response to technological changes, we will be unable to compete in our chosen markets. Any of these factors as well as any security breaches that affect our identity verification services may make it difficult for 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 us to retain existing clients or attract new clients and may cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to be harmed. 
 A significant portion of our fulfillment operations, and certain of our technology development operations, subject us to particular risks inherent in operating overseas. 
 A significant portion of our fulfillment operations and certain of our technology development operations, are conducted, through subsidiaries, in Mumbai, India and Manila, the Philippines, which subjects us to particular risks and challenges inherent in operating overseas. In particular, these operations are subject to local political, security and economic instability, regional conflicts and local risks with respect to COVID-19 or another pandemic and the responses of local governments, institutions and healthcare providers thereto. If our operations at these sites are disrupted, even for a brief period of time, whether due to malevolent acts, defects, computer viruses, climate change, natural disasters such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes or floods, power telecommunications failures, or other external events beyond our control, it could result in interruptions in service to our clients, damage to our reputation, harm our client relationships, and reduced revenues and profitability. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances, such as a significant natural disaster, and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that occur. In the case of such an event, a client could elect to terminate our relationship, delay or withhold payment to us, or even make claims against us. Such events could have negative impacts on client relationships. Further, misconduct by our overseas employees could result in infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property, which may be exacerbated by potentially weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the U.S. as well as practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights. In addition, currency fluctuations that could increase the cost of labor at our India and Philippines subsidiaries. These risks could prevent us from achieving cost savings or efficiencies from our international operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to upgrade, enhance and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, or fail to successfully manage the transition to new products and services, the demand for our products and services may materially diminish. 
 We operate in an industry that is subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology, products and services. Our competitors may introduce new products and services that might offer better combinations of price and performance or better address our clients needs as compared to our current or future products and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences, our ability to service clients may be affected and the demand for our products and services may diminish. In addition, investment in product development often involves a long return on investment cycle. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in product development. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept and we cannot assure you that any such products that we develop or offer will be produced economically. The expenses or losses associated with unsuccessful product development, or a lack of market acceptance of new products, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. In addition, our business could be adversely affected in periods surrounding our new product introductions if clients delay purchasing decisions to evaluate the new product offerings. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on our product development strategy, including because of challenges with regard to product planning and timing and technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion. 
 Additionally, unexpected delays and difficulties can occur as clients implement and test our products and services. Implementation typically involves integration with our clients and third-party systems and internal processes, as well as adding client and third-party data to our platform. This can be complex and time-consuming for our clients and can result in delays. We provide our clients with upfront estimates regarding the duration and resources associated with the implementation of our products and solutions. However, delays may occur due to discoveries made during the implementation process, such as unique or unusual client requirements or our internal limitations. If we are unable to resolve these issues and we fail to meet the upfront estimates and the expectations of our clients, it could result in client dissatisfaction, loss of clients, delays in generating revenues, or negative brand perception about us and our products and services. Our implementation cycles could also be disrupted by factors outside of our control, such as deficiencies in the platform of our clients or third-party ATS or HCM systems, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 We have incurred operating losses in the past, may incur operating losses in the future, and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred operating losses in recent years, including net losses of 52.3 million and 18.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and may continue to incur net losses in the future. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we continue our growth initiatives by focusing on expanding into new geographies, developing new products and services and investing in our technology, focusing on new partnerships and as a result of legal, accounting, and other expenses related to operating as a public company. These initiatives and additional expenses may be more costly than we expect, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our revenue to offset our operating expenses. Our revenue growth may slow or our revenue may decline for a number of other reasons, including reduced demand for our products and services, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or reduction in size of our overall market, the impacts to our business from the COVID-19 pandemic or concerns of an economic downturn or recession, or if we cannot capitalize on growth opportunities. If our revenue does not grow at a greater rate than our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability. 
 Our recent growth rates may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth. 
 We have experienced significant growth in several recent periods, with year-over-year base growth moderating starting in the later half of the third quarter of 2022. Revenue increased 41.4 from 454.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 641.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue increased 19.5 from 641.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 766.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. These historical rates of growth may not be sustainable or indicative of our future rate of growth. During the third quarter of 2020, as shelter-in-place policies were relaxed, businesses began to reopen and general economic conditions began to improve, we experienced an increase in the demand for our products and services as we closely partnered with our clients to support their increasing hiring needs. This increase in demand continued through 2021 and through the first half of the third quarter in 2022 as the broader macroeconomic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic continued. In addition, the structural shift from in-office to remote work has reduced switching costs for employees and expanded talent pools for employers, further increasing demand. However, in the latter half of the third quarter of 2022, year-over-year base growth began to moderate due to macroeconomic uncertainty related to factors including inflation, monetary policy and fiscal policy, which moderation continued through the fourth quarter of 2022 during which we experienced a year-over-year decline in base business with our existing clients that offset positive trends in other revenue drivers, including growth from new clients, up-sell and cross-sell and retention. These factors have caused uncertainty among our clients and general populace of a future economic downturn or recession, which could impact the hiring and turnover trends of our clients. 
 Our ability to grow our business will depend, in large part, on our ability to further penetrate our existing markets, attract new clients and identify and effectively invest in growing Verticals and Regions. We believe that our continued revenue growth, as well as our ability to improve or maintain margins and profitability, will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to respond to the challenges, risks and difficulties described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the extent to which use of our various products and services grows and contributes to our results of operations. Additionally, growing our existing business or executing our business strategy may place significant demands on and strain our personnel and organizational structure, including our management, staff and information systems. To successfully manage our growth, we will also need to maintain appropriate staffing levels and update our operating, financial and other systems, procedures, and controls accordingly and we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully manage any such challenges or risks to our future growth. Our growth could be limited if we fail to innovate or adapt to market trends and product innovations adequately. Any new products and services we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenues, and any new markets in which we attempt to sell our products and services, including new countries or regions, may not be receptive or implementation may be delayed. Our future growth will be adversely affected if we do not identify and invest in faster-growing Verticals. In addition, our number of clients and markets may not continue to grow or may decline due to a variety of possible risks, including increased competition. Any of these factors could cause our revenue growth to decline and may materially adversely affect our margins and profitability. Failure to continue our revenue growth or improve margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should not rely on our historical rate of revenue growth as an indication of our future performance. 
 Our growth depends, in part, on increasing our presence in the markets that we currently serve, and we may not be successful in doing so. 
 We believe that our future growth depends not only on continuing to reach our current core market, but also continuing to broaden our client base in the United States, EMEA, APAC, Canada and Latin America. In 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 these markets, we have faced and may continue to face challenges that are different from those we encounter elsewhere, including competitive, hiring, legal, regulatory, economic, political and other difficulties, such as understanding and accurately predicting the needs and preferences of clients in these markets. We may also encounter difficulties in attracting clients due to a lack of familiarity with or acceptance of our brand. We continue to evaluate marketing efforts and other strategies to expand our client base. In addition, although we are investing in marketing activities to increase market penetration, we cannot assure you that we will be successful. If we are not successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 
 We acquire information from a variety of sources to conduct our business, and if some of these sources are not available to us in the future, or if the fees charged by such sources significantly increase, our business may be materially and adversely affected and our profit margins may decline. 
 We rely extensively upon information derived from a wide variety of sources. We rely on automated technology, our employees and third parties to search public and private sources and obtain data from information companies. We generally do not have long-term agreements with our data suppliers. Some data suppliers, as well as some service suppliers, such as the drug testing laboratories we use, are also owned, or may in the future be acquired, by our competitors, which may make us vulnerable to unpredictable price increases or delays and refusals to renew agreements. Because our contracts with our clients often contain restrictions on the amounts or types of costs that may be passed through to our clients, we may not be able to recover certain of the costs charged to us by our data and service suppliers. Further, our data and service suppliers could increase their fees in the future and we may not be able to pass through such fee increases to our clients. If our data and service suppliers or data sources are no longer able or are unwilling to provide us with certain data or services, including as a result of our noncompliance with laws, regulations or our contractual agreements with them, we will need to find alternative data and service suppliers with comparable breadth and accuracy, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to identify and contract with suitable alternative data and service suppliers and integrate them into our service offerings, we could experience service disruptions, increased costs and reduced quality of our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to payment-related risks that may result in higher operating costs or the inability to process payments, either of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We accept a variety of payment methods, including bank checks, electronic funds transfers and electronic payment systems. Accordingly, we are, and will continue to be, subject to significant and evolving regulations and compliance requirements, including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes that could result in increased costs and liability, and reduce the ease of use of certain payment methods. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, as well as electronic payment systems, we pay certain fees that we currently pass through to our clients. However, these fees may increase over time and we may not be able to pass through such fee increases to our clients. We rely on independent service providers for payment processing, including credit and debit cards. If these independent service providers become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us, or if the cost of using these providers increases, our business could be harmed. We and our payment processing providers are also subject to payment card association operating rules and agreements, including data security rules and agreements, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules, agreements or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for losses incurred by card issuing banks or clients, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, lose our ability to accept credit or debit card payments from our clients, or process electronic fund transfers or facilitate other types of payments. Any failure to comply could significantly harm our brand, reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, clients may dispute their invoices or otherwise fail to pay for our products and services on a timely basis or at all. In the past, certain clients have sought to slow their payments to us or have filed for bankruptcy protection, resulting in delay or cancelation of their payments to us. If we are unable to collect clients fees on a timely basis or at all, bad debt may exceed reserves for such contingencies, and our bad debt exposure may increase over time. Write-offs for bad debt could have a materially negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we incur costs for any products and services delivered; to the extent that we are not paid timely or at all, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Sales to government entities and higher-tier contractors to governmental clients involve unique competitive, procurement, budget, administrative and contractual risks, any of which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We derive a portion of our revenues, and intend to derive an increasing portion of our revenues in the future, from sales to U.S. federal, state and local governmental and education clients and higher-tier contractors to governmental clients. Doing business with government entities and their higher-tier contractors presents a variety of risks in addition to those involved in sales to other clients. The procurement process for governments and their agencies is highly competitive, can be time-consuming, requires us to incur significant up-front time and expense, and subjects us to additional compliance risks and costs, without any assurance that we will win a contract. In certain jurisdictions, our ability to win business may be constrained by political and other factors unrelated to our competitive position in the market. Demand for our products and services may be affected by public sector budgetary cycles and changes in funding, including reduced, delayed, or unavailable funding or changed spending priorities in any given fiscal cycle, and extended federal government shutdowns, any of which could materially adversely affect demand for our products and services and could impact our ongoing government contracts if government funding for such projects is reduced or eliminated. 
 We must comply with laws and regulations relating to government contracts, which affect how we do business with our clients and may result in additional costs to our business. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including as a result of misconduct by employees, subcontractors, agents, suppliers, business partners and others working on our behalf, could result in contract termination, damage to our reputation, price or fee reductions or suspension or debarment from contracting with the government, each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Significant laws and regulations that affect sales to government entities and higher-tier contractors to governmental clients include: 
 federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding the formation, administration and performance of government contracts; 
 the federal Civil False Claims Act (and similar state and local false claims acts), which provides for substantial civil penalties for violations, including for submission of or causing the submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S. government for payment or approval; and 
 federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding procurement integrity, including gratuity, bribery and anti-corruption requirements as well as limitations on political contributions and lobbying. 
 Further, entities providing services to governments are required to comply with a variety of complex laws, regulations and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, or performance of government contracts that give public sector clients substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts. These may include rights with respect to price protection, the accuracy of information provided to the government, contractor compliance with supplier equal opportunity, socio-economic and affirmative action policies and reporting requirements and other terms that are particular to government contracts. Federal, state and local governments routinely investigate and audit contractors for compliance with these requirements, and the qui tam provisions of the federal Civil False Claims Act (and similar state and local false claims acts) authorize a private person to file civil actions on behalf of the federal and state governments and retain a share of any recovery, which can include treble damages and civil penalties. If it is determined that we have failed to comply with these requirements, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, costs associated with the triggering of price reduction clauses, fines and suspension or debarment from future government business, and we may suffer reputational damage. Further, the negative publicity that could arise from any such penalties, sanctions or findings could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and reduce our ability to compete for new contracts with both government and commercial clients. 
 In addition, governmental clients and higher-tier contractors may have contractual, statutory or regulatory rights to modify without our consent or terminate current contracts with us for convenience (for any reason or no reason) or due to a default. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we may only be able to collect fees for products or services delivered prior to termination and settlement expenses. If a contract is terminated due to a default, we may be liable for excess costs incurred by the client for procuring alternative products or services or be precluded from doing further business with government entities. Governmental clients and higher-tier contractors may also have broad intellectual property rights in products and data developed under our contracts. Compliance with complex regulations and contracting provisions in a variety of jurisdictions can be expensive and consume significant management resources. In addition, government entities may revise existing contract rules and regulations or adopt new contract rules and regulations at any time. Any of these changes 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or renew contracts under which we currently perform when those contracts are eligible for re-competition. 
 We may incur impairment charges for our goodwill which would negatively affect our operating results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of 849.6 million. The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of an acquired business in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the date the business was acquired. Our goodwill is predominantly a result of the acquisition of Sterling by certain affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Goldman Sachs and Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec CDPQ and, together with Goldman Sachs, our Sponsor on June 19, 2015 (the Sponsor Acquisition ). Determining the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and requires management to use significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates and asset lives. We do not amortize goodwill that we expect to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows, but instead we evaluate these assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment could exist. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the acquired assets, divestitures and market capitalization declines may impair our goodwill. Any charges relating to such impairment could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The economic, health and business disruption that can be caused by a widespread public health concern or crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant outbreak, epidemic, or pandemic of contagious diseases in the human population, or similar widespread public health concern or crisis, could adversely affect economies, financial markets, and overall demand for our products. Additionally, any preventative or protective actions taken by public health and governmental authorities, business, other organizations and individuals with respect to any such event, may disrupt our business and the businesses of our clients, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The impacts from any potential widespread public health concern or crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, include, but are not limited to: 
 
 the increased risk that we may experience cybersecurity-related incidents as a result of our employees, service providers, and third parties working remotely; 
 diversion of our management team s time and attention to respond to the effects of the widespread public health concern or crisis, on our business and operations; 
 our service levels or ability to fulfill client orders being affected as a result of our employees and their immediate families becoming ill as a result of the widespread public health concern or crisis; and 
 a significant disruption of global financial markets, which could negatively affect our ability to access capital in the future. 
 Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. While the COVID-19 outbreak recently appeared to be trending downward, particularly as vaccination rates increased, new variants of COVID-19 have continued to emerge, spread through the U.S. and globally and cause significant disruptions. The continued and future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the impact of any other potential widespread public health concern or crisis, on our business remains uncertain and will depend on a variety of changing factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, such as the duration and scope of the COVID-19 pandemic or other health concern or crisis, the potential for a resurgence of cases, the impact of variants, the disruption of the national and global economy, the duration of the economic downturn, the laws, programs and actions that governments will enact or take, the extent to which our clients businesses contract or fail, the extent to which our own operations are affected by office closures, remote work or infections, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Any of these factors could exacerbate the risks and uncertainties identified above. 
 To the extent our clients reduce their operations, downsize their screening programs, or otherwise demand fewer of our products and solutions, our business could be materially adversely impacted. 
 Demand for our products and services is subject to our clients continual evaluation of their need for our products and services and is impacted by several factors, including their budget availability, hiring, and workforce 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 needs, and a changing regulatory landscape. Demand for our offerings is also dependent on the size of our clients operations. Our clients could reduce their operations for a variety of reasons, including general economic slowdown or recession, divestitures and spin-offs, business model disruption, poor financial performance, or as a result of increasing workforce automation. Demand for drug screenings may decline as a result of evolving U.S. drug laws. For example, the legalization of cannabis in several U.S. states has led to a decrease in orders for marijuana screenings. Our revenues may be significantly reduced should our clients decide to downsize their screening programs or take such programs in-house. 
 We are subject to risks relating to public opinion, which may be magnified by incidents or adverse publicity concerning our industry or operations. 
 We operate in an industry that involves the risk of negative publicity, especially relating to cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection, and adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation. For example, when information services companies are involved in high-profile events involving data theft or other losses of data, these events could result in increased legal and regulatory scrutiny, adverse publicity, and potential litigation concerning the commercial use of such information for our industry in general. If there is a perception that the practices of our business or our industry constitute an invasion of privacy, our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. There have been and may continue to be perception issues, social stigmas and negative media attention regarding the collection, use, accuracy, correction and sharing of personal data, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Seasonality may cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter . 
 Demand for our products and services, and our revenue, is affected seasonally by macroeconomic hiring trends. Typically, revenue acceleration begins in the first quarter, with steady growth across the quarters as hiring accelerates. However, the fourth quarter, ending December 31, is typically our lowest revenue quarter due to a general market trend of lower hiring during the latter half of December due to the holidays. Also, certain clients across various industries historically have ramped up their hiring throughout the first half of the year as winter concludes, commercial activity tied to outdoor activities increases, and the school year ends, giving rise to student and graduate hiring. 
 In addition, clients may elect to complete post-onboarding screening such as workforce re-screens and other products at different periods and intervals during any given year. It is not always possible to accurately forecast the timing and magnitude of these projects. 
 Further, digital transformation, growth in e-commerce, and other economic shifts can impact seasonality trends, making it difficult for us to predict how our seasonality may evolve in the future. As a result, it may be difficult to forecast our results of operations accurately, and there can be no assurance that the results of any particular quarter or other period will serve as an indication of our future performance. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure, Indebtedness and Capital Requirements 
 Our Sponsor controls us and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 As of February 28, 2023, our Sponsor controls approximately 62.3 of the voting power of our common stock. For so long as our Sponsor continues to own a significant percentage of our common stock, our Sponsor will still be able to significantly influence the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval through its voting power, including potential mergers or acquisitions, payment of dividends, asset sales, amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws and other significant corporate transactions. Accordingly, for such period of time as our Sponsor holds a controlling interest in us, our Sponsor will have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies. In particular, our Sponsor will be able to cause or prevent a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company. The concentration of voting power could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of common stock as part of a sale of our company and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our Sponsor and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities. In the ordinary course of their business activities, our Sponsor and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our stockholders. Three of our nine directors are affiliated with our Sponsor. These persons will have fiduciary duties both to us and to our Sponsor. As a result, they may have real or apparent conflicts of interest on matters affecting both us and our Sponsor, which in some circumstances may have interests adverse 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 to ours. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation generally permits our Sponsor, its affiliates, our non-employee directors and their affiliates to engage, directly or indirectly, in the same lines of business in which we operate or otherwise to compete with us. Our Sponsor and its affiliates may also pursue acquisition opportunities that would be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, our Sponsor and its affiliates may have an interest in us pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations. 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness of 505.5 million outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement, which provides for 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of term loans and a 400.0 million revolving credit facility. Additionally, we have 0.7 million of letters of credit outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility, with additional capacity for letters of credit of 39.3 million. 
 Our high level of indebtedness could have important consequences to us, including: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments or debt repayment instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions or other general corporate purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as borrowings under our 2022 Credit Agreement (to the extent not hedged) bear interest at variable rates, which could further adversely affect our cash flows; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and the industry in which we compete; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 requiring us to repatriate cash from our foreign subsidiaries to accommodate debt service payments; 
 placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors; and 
 increasing our cost of borrowing. 
 Any one of these limitations could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and our ability to satisfy our obligations in respect of our outstanding debt. In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement contains, and the agreements governing future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our indebtedness. 
 Despite our current debt levels, we may incur substantially more indebtedness, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future, which may be secured. While our 2022 Credit Agreement limits our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and thus, notwithstanding these restrictions, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Also, these restrictions do not prohibit us from 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness as defined therein. To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the risks that we now face related to our substantial indebtedness could increase. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facility. 
 To service our indebtedness, we require a significant amount of cash, which depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our 2022 Credit Agreement in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Additionally, our operations are conducted entirely through our subsidiaries and our ability to generate cash to meet our debt service obligations is highly dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries via dividends or intercompany loans. 
 If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt obligations, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as: 
 refinancing or restructuring our debt; 
 reducing or delaying capital investments; 
 selling assets; or 
 seeking to raise additional capital. 
 We cannot assure you that we would be able to enter into these alternative financing plans on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any alternative financing plans that we may be required to undertake would still not guarantee that we would be able to meet our debt obligations. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to obtain alternative financing, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Borrowings under our 2022 Credit Agreement are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. The recent rise in interest rates has increased our cost of borrowing. If interest rates continue to increase, our debt service obligations under our 2022 Credit Agreement will continue to increase. On February 28, 2023, we entered into an amortizing 300.0 million notional value interest rate swap. The notional value steps down from 300.0 million to 150.0 million on February 27, 2026. The swap provides for us to pay, as applied to the notional value, a fixed rate of interest of 4.26 monthly and receive, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to the greater of the one-month term SOFR and a floor of (0.10 ), as applied to the notional value (the Floating Leg ). The interest rate swap matures on November 29, 2027. The interest expense related to the 2022 Credit Agreement will be offset by proceeds received from the Floating Leg of the interest rate swap. 
 
 The covenants in our 2022 Credit Agreement impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial flexibility. 
 Our 2022 Credit Agreement contains a number of significant operating and financial restrictions and covenants that limit our ability, among other things, to: 
 incur certain additional indebtedness; 
 transfer money between our various subsidiaries; 
 
 pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions with respect to our subsidiaries capital stock or make other restricted payments; 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 issue stock of subsidiaries; 
 
 make certain investments, loans or advances; 
 
 transfer and sell certain assets; 
 
 create or permit liens on assets; 
 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; 
 
 enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; and 
 
 amend certain documents. 

In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring us to comply with (a) a maximum net leverage ratio of 4.00:1.00 (which may be increased to 4.50:1.00 for four quarters if we and our subsidiaries consummate acquisitions during any 6-month period for which the total aggregate cash consideration is greater than or equal to 75.0 million) and (b) a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00:1.00. Both financial covenants are tested quarterly. 
 These covenants could materially adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs. Furthermore, they may restrict our ability to expand and pursue our business strategies and otherwise conduct our business. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by circumstances and events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such covenants. These restrictions also limit our ability to obtain future financings or to withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general. In addition, complying with these covenants may also cause us to take actions that may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy and compete against companies that are not subject to such restrictions. 
 A breach of any covenant in our 2022 Credit Agreement or the agreements and indentures governing any other indebtedness that we may have outstanding from time to time would result in a default under that agreement or indenture after any applicable grace periods. A default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of the debt outstanding under the agreement or indenture and in a default with respect to, and an acceleration of, the debt outstanding under other debt agreements. If that occurs, we may not be able to make all of the required payments or borrow sufficient funds to refinance such debt. Even if new financing were available at that time, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us or terms as favorable as our current agreements. If our debt is in default for any reason, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Changes in our effective tax rate or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Taxation and tax policy changes, tax rate changes, new tax laws, revised tax law interpretations, changes in the geographic mix of our earnings and changes in accounting standards and guidance related to tax matters may cause fluctuations in our effective tax rate, all of which could adversely impact our financial results. 
 For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, as recently signed into law by President Biden, includes a one percent excise tax on share buybacks and on November 23, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our shares of common stock. The excise tax on share buybacks is currently not expected to have a material impact on our tax liability. 
 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future income taxes may be subject to limitation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 16.3 million of U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs ), a portion of which will begin to expire in 2026. U tilization of our NOLs depends on many factors, including our future income, which cannot be assured. In addition, Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), generally imposes an annual limitation on the amount of NOLs that may be used to offset taxable income by a corporation that has undergone an ownership change (as determined under Section 382). An ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders (or groups of stockholders) that are each deemed to own at least 5 of our stock increase their ownership percentage by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage during a rolling three-year period. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We have experienced an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code in the past. Thus, our ability to utilize existing NOLs may be subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Code. The application of such limitation may cause U.S. federal income taxes to be paid by us earlier than they otherwise would be paid if such limitation was not in effect and could cause such NOLs to expire unused, in each case reducing or eliminating the benefit of such NOLs. To the extent we are not able to offset our future taxable income with our NOLs, this would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows if we have taxable income in the future. In addition to the aforementioned federal income tax implications pursuant to Section 382 of the Code, most U.S. states follow the general provisions of Section 382 of the Code, either explicitly or implicitly resulting in separate state net operating loss limitations. We have recorded a valuation allowance on 13.1 million related to our NOLs as of December 31, 2022. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. 
 The trading price of our common stock could be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. Our board of directors recently approved a share repurchase program, but we are not obligated to repurchase a specified number of shares, or any at all, and may suspend, terminate or modify the program without notice at any time. The following factors, in addition to other factors described in this Risk Factors section, may have a significant effect on the market price of our common stock: 
 our actual results of operations may vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 our results of operations may vary from those of our competitors; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results, including as a result of our ability to retain existing clients and attract new clients, the timing and success of new service offerings or product introductions, geographic expansion, or the seasonality of our business cycle; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our ability to meet these projections; 
 investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 the extent or lack of securities analyst coverage of us or changes in analysts financial estimates; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, price reductions, new products or technical innovations, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures, results of operations or capital commitments; 
 changes in our relationship with our clients or in client needs or expectations or trends in the markets in which we operate; 
 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof affecting our business; 
 investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed or threatened against us; 
 our ability to implement our business strategy; 
 our ability to complete and integrate acquisitions; 
 the amount and timing of any repurchases under our share repurchase program; 
 trading volume of our common stock; 
 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 the loss of any of our management or key personnel; 
 sales of our common stock by us, our executive officers and directors or our stockholders (including our Sponsor or its affiliates) in the future; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities; 
 short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions involving our common stock; 
 economic, political, legal and other regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 
 negative trends in global economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or activity levels in our industry; 
 other events or factors, including severe weather, natural disasters, those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, or other public health emergencies or external events or responses to these events; and 
 overall fluctuations in the U.S. equity markets, including due to concerns of an economic downturn or recession. 
 In addition, broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and factors beyond our control may cause our stock price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and, as a result, qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 Our Sponsor owns a majority of the voting power in the Company. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. A company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that director nominations be made, or recommended to the full board of directors, by its independent directors or by a nominations committee comprised solely of independent directors; and 
 the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We currently do not rely on the exemptions listed above, but at any point in time we may choose to rely on any or all of the exemptions accorded to a controlled company . If we choose to rely on any or all of the exemptions, our board of directors and those committees may have more directors who do not meet Nasdaq independence standards than they would if those standards were to apply. The independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those standards are free of any conflicting interest that could influence their actions as directors. Accordingly, our stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 
 Sales, or the potential for sales, of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to drop significantly. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, including sales by our Sponsor, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 Moreover, the approximately 62 of our outstanding common stock held by our Sponsor as well as approximately 1.1 million shares of common stock held by certain of our officers and directors, have been registered for resale on a registration statement on Form S-3. Additionally, we have filed registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act registering shares issuable under the 2015 LTIP, the 2021 Equity Plan and the ESPP. As of February 28, 2023, there were (i) 9,290,129 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 of options outstanding under the 2015 LTIP, (ii) 3,493,673 unvested shares of restricted stock that were issued under the 2021 Equity Plan, (iii) 4,387,501 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding under the 2021 Equity Plan, (iv) 49,082 shares of common stock issuable upon the settlement of RSUs outstanding under the 2021 Equity Plan, (v) 11,122,424 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Equity Plan, and (vi) 3,810,649 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. Shares registered under such registration statements, including shares issuable upon the exercise of options, will be eligible for resale in the public market without restriction, subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates, any applicable lock-up agreements and the vesting and transfer restrictions described in our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022 (our 2022 Proxy Statement under Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table Long-Term Equity Incentives 2015 LTIP and Sterling Check Corp. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Further, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue shares of common stock and options relating to common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. Any common stock that we issue, including under the 2021 Equity Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, would dilute the percentage ownership held by our stockholders. In the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our markets, or if they adversely change their recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our common stock, our stock price and trading volume could materially decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our markets or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts and we cannot provide any assurance that analysts will continue to cover us or provide favorable coverage. If one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or if we fail to meet their expectations for our financial results, the price of our stock could materially decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to materially decline. 
 We do not currently expect to pay any cash dividends. 
 We do not currently expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Instead, we intend to retain future earnings, if any, for the future operation and expansion of our business. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Because we are a holding company and all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries, dividends, distributions and other payments from, and cash generated by, our subsidiaries will be our principal sources of cash to fund operations and pay dividends. Accordingly, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is dependent on the earnings and distributions of funds from our subsidiaries. Under our 2022 Credit Agreement, we and our subsidiaries are limited in our ability to pay cash dividends. Our ability to pay dividends may also be similarly restricted by the terms of any future credit agreement or any future debt or preferred equity securities we or our subsidiaries may issue. Accordingly, if you purchase shares of our common stock, realization of a gain on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur. Investors seeking dividend income should not purchase our common stock. 
 We may issue preferred stock the terms of which could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt, or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders, and may make changes in our management more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 
 establish a classified board of directors such that only a portion of the board of directors is elected at each annual meeting; 
 allow the authorized number of our directors to be determined exclusively by resolution of our board of directors and grant our board of directors the sole power to fill any vacancy on the board of directors; 
 limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors without cause if our Sponsor ceases to own 50 or more of the voting power of our common stock; 
 eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders, if our Sponsor ceases to own 50 or more of the voting power of our common stock; 
 would allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock in connection with a stockholder rights plan or otherwise, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of our common stock; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent from and after the date on which our Sponsor ceases to beneficially own 50 or more of the voting power of our common stock; 
 provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our bylaws and that our stockholders may only amend our bylaws with the approval of 66 2/3 or more in voting power of all outstanding shares of our capital stock, if our Sponsor ceases to own 50 or more of the voting power of our common stock; 
 restrict the forum for certain litigation against us to Delaware; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 In addition, while we have opted out of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 
 prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our Sponsor and its affiliates, and any of their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party, do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, including actions that our stockholders may 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the federal district courts of the U.S. as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain what such stockholders believe to be a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, (A) (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of us to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the DGCL confers exclusive jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware; and (B) the federal district courts of the U.S. shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act; however, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision, and investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision shall not apply to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the U.S. have exclusive jurisdiction. The choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 Taking advantage of the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 The JOBS Act provides that, so long as a company qualifies as an emerging growth company, it will, among other things: 
 be exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that its independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting; 
 be exempt from the say on pay and say on golden parachute advisory vote requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act; and 
 be exempt from certain disclosure requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to compensation of its executive officers and be permitted to omit the detailed compensation discussion and analysis from proxy statements and reports filed under the Exchange Act. 
 
 We have utilized, and currently intend to continue to utilize, each of the exemptions described above. In addition, the JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company like us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies, meaning that the company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period and, as a result, our financial statements may not be comparable with similarly situated public companies. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.235 billion or more; (ii) the last day of the year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the closing of our IPO; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. Taking advantage of these exemptions may result in less active trading, lower trading prices or more volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 If we experience a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting in the future or otherwise fail in the future to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting or effective disclosure controls and procedures, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may materially adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the price of our common stock. 
 As a public company, we are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and other federal regulations implementing Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and will require management to provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we are required to evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures in our quarterly and annual reports. 
 If we are unable to maintain appropriate internal control over financial reporting or effective disclosure controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations on a timely basis or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. We are required to make annual assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. However, as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating. 
 When evaluating our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify material weaknesses. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 If we identify any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting once we are no longer an emerging growth company, or if we are unable to conclude in our quarterly and annual reports that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. In addition, if we fail to remediate any material weakness, our financial statements could be inaccurate and we could face restricted access to capital markets. 
 The requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Nasdaq, may strain our resources, increase our costs and divert management s attention, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, regulatory, finance, accounting, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the corporate governance standards of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Nasdaq. These requirements may place a strain on our management, systems and resources and we may incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Exchange Act requires us to file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition within specified time periods and to prepare a proxy statement with respect to our annual meeting of stockholders. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Nasdaq requires that we comply with various corporate governance requirements. To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and comply with the Exchange Act and Nasdaq requirements, significant resources and management oversight may be required. This may divert management s attention from other 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 business concerns and lead to significant costs associated with compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on us and the price of our common stock. 
 The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or its committees or as our executive officers. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt even more changes in governance and reporting requirements. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of these costs. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 General Risks 
 We may undertake acquisitions or divestitures, which may not be successful, and which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we may consider acquisitions, which may not be completed or, if completed, may not be ultimately beneficial to us. We also may consider potential divestitures of businesses from time to time. We routinely evaluate potential acquisition and divestiture candidates and engage in discussions and negotiations regarding potential acquisitions and divestitures on an ongoing basis; however, even if we execute a definitive agreement, there can be no assurance that we will consummate the transaction within the anticipated closing timeframe, or at all. Moreover, there is significant competition for acquisition and expansion opportunities in our industry. 
 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: (i) failing to properly identify appropriate acquisition targets and to negotiate acceptable terms; (ii) incurring the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisition targets and negotiating potential transactions; (iii) diverting management s attention from the operation of our existing business; (iv) using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, funding, liquidity, business, management and market risks with respect to the acquisition target or assets; (v) litigation relating to an acquisition, particularly in the context of a publicly held acquisition target, that could require us to incur significant expenses, result in or delay or enjoin the transaction; (vi) failing to properly identify an acquisition target s significant problems, liabilities or risks; (vii) not receiving required regulatory approvals on the terms expected or such approvals being delayed or restrictively conditional; and (viii) failing to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, in connection with any acquisitions, we must comply with various antitrust requirements. In addition, it is possible that perceived or actual violations of these requirements could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement action or result in us not receiving the necessary approvals to complete a desired acquisition. 
 Furthermore, when we complete an acquisition, the anticipated benefits from such acquisition may not be achieved unless the operations of the acquired business are integrated in an efficient, cost-effective and timely manner. The integration of any acquired business includes numerous risks, including an acquired business not performing to our expectations, our not integrating it appropriately and failing to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings as a result, and difficulties, inefficiencies or cost overruns in integrating and assimilating the organizational cultures, operations, technologies, products and services of the acquired business with ours and maintaining uniform standards, policies, and procedures across multiple platforms and locations, including for those located outside the U.S. This may result in a greater than anticipated increase in the transaction, remediation, and integration costs and could discourage us from entering into acquisitions where the potential for such costs outweigh the perceived benefit. Further, although we conduct due diligence with respect to the business and operations of each of the companies we acquire, we may not have identified all material facts concerning these companies, which could result in unanticipated events or liabilities. The integration of our acquisitions will require substantial attention from management and operating personnel to ensure that the acquisition does not disrupt any existing operations, or affect our reputation or our clients opinions and perceptions of our products and services. We may spend time and resources on acquisitions that do not ultimately increase our profitability or that cause loss of, or harm to, relationships with employees and clients. We cannot guarantee that any acquisitions we seek to enter into will be carried out on favorable terms or that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment, or business relationship will materialize as intended or that no unanticipated liabilities will arise. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Divestitures also involve numerous risks, including: (i) failing to properly identify appropriate assets or businesses for divestiture and buyers; (ii) inability to negotiate favorable terms for the divestiture of such assets or businesses; (iii) incurring the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential divestitures and negotiating potential transactions; (iv) management s attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business, including to provide on-going services to the divested business; (v) encountering difficulties in the separation of operations, products, services or personnel; (vi) retaining future liabilities as a result of contractual indemnity obligations; and (vii) loss of, or damage to our relationships with, any of our key employees, clients, suppliers or other business partners. 
 We cannot readily predict the timing or size of any future acquisition or divestiture, and there can be no assurance that we will realize any anticipated benefits from any such acquisition or divestiture. If we do not realize any such anticipated benefits, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures, we may not realize the anticipated strategic goals for any such transactions. 
 From time to time, we may enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures as a means to accelerate our entry into new markets, provide new products or services or enhance our existing capabilities. Entering into strategic alliances, partnerships and joint ventures entails risks, including: (i) difficulties in developing or expanding the business of newly formed alliances, partnerships and joint ventures; (ii) exercising influence over the activities of joint ventures in which we do not have a controlling interest; (iii) potential conflicts with or among our partners; (iv) the possibility that our partners could take action without our approval or prevent us from taking action; and (v) the possibility that our partners become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations. 
 In addition, there may be a long negotiation period before we enter into a strategic alliance, partnership or joint venture or a long preparation period before we commence providing products or services or begin earning revenues pursuant to such arrangement. We typically incur significant business development expenses, and management s attention may be diverted from the operation of our existing business, during the discussion and negotiation period with no guarantee of consummation of the proposed transaction. Even if we succeed in developing a strategic alliance, partnership or joint venture with a new partner, we may not be successful in maintaining the relationship, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, or that any strategic alliance, partnership or strategic alliance we have entered into or may enter into will be successful. In particular, these arrangements may not generate the expected number of new clients or engagements or other benefits we seek. Unsuccessful strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to litigation risk. 
 We are from time to time involved in various litigation matters and claims, including lawsuits regarding employment matters, breach of contract matters, alleged violations of the FCRA and other business and commercial matters. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our clients, involve substantial risks of liability. These risks include, among others, claims that we provided to our clients inaccurate or improper information or that we failed to correctly report information to a client. These are typically claims by private plaintiffs, including subjects of our background reports and third parties with which we do business, but can also include regulatory investigations and enforcement proceedings. Many of these matters arise in the U.S. under the FCRA and other laws of U.S. states focused on privacy and the conduct and content of background reports, and relate to actual or alleged process errors, inclusion of erroneous or impermissible information, or failure to include appropriate information in background reports that we prepare. Since the introduction of the GDPR and the U.K. GDPR, the market has also witnessed an increase in collective privacy actions in other jurisdictions across Europe and the U.K. Investigations, enforcement actions, claims or proceedings may also arise under other laws addressing privacy and the use of background information such as criminal and credit histories around the world. 
 Although we carry insurance that may limit our risk of damages in some matters, we may still sustain uncovered losses or losses in excess of available insurance, and we could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. For example, in September 2020 we settled a class action lawsuit alleging violations of the FCRA for 15.0 million, which was covered by our insurers after we met our retention. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, in November 2019, we settled a matter with the CFPB. The CFPB s allegations generally related to the period from December 2012 to July 2016 and we neither admitted nor denied any of the allegations as part of the settlement. As part of the settlement, we paid redress of 6.0 million to pay certain consumers and paid the CFPB 2.5 million in civil money penalty, neither of which were covered by our insurers. Due to the uncertain nature of the litigation process, it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of any particular litigation matter or claim, and we could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The ultimate outcome of lawsuits against us may require us to change or cease certain operations and may result in higher operating costs. An adverse resolution of any litigation matter or claim could cause damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 Our share price may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may materially adversely affect our financial results. 
 We operate in several different countries outside the U.S., most notably the U.K. and Canada, and historically, approximately 15 20 of our revenue has been denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 123.0 million of our revenue was denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Portions of our expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies as well. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Accordingly, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As we increase the extent of our international operations, such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could make it more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations, such as our margins and cash flows. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may also adversely impact third-party vendors we rely on for services, which may be passed along to us in the form of price increases. In recent years, external events, such as Brexit, the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, uncertainty regarding actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign trade, economic and other policies and the passage of U.S. tax reform legislation, have caused significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially among the U.S. dollar, the pound sterling and the euro, and these or other external events may continue to cause such volatility. 
 While we may in the future again engage in hedging activity to attempt to mitigate currency exchange rate risk with respect to our expenses denominated in foreign currencies, our hedging activities may not be effective, particularly in the event of inaccurate forecasts of the levels of our foreign-denominated assets and liabilities. Accordingly, if there are adverse movements in the exchange rates, we may suffer significant losses, which would materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The United Kingdom s exit from the EU could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the EU Brexit ), entering into a transition period that ended on December 31, 2020. This process is unprecedented in EU history and the effects of Brexit remain uncertain. Although the United Kingdom entered into a trade and cooperation agreement with the EU on December 24, 2020 that provides for, among other things, the free movement of goods between the United Kingdom and the EU, continued legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in relation to financial laws and regulations, tax and free trade agreements, immigration laws and employment laws may adversely affect economic or market conditions in the United Kingdom, Europe or globally, which could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the British pound, or the euro, which could negatively affect our revenues and the broader economic environment on which our business and industry depend. 
 The U.K. s departure from the EU and the terms of the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the EU could significantly impact the business environment in which we and our clients operate, increase the costs of conducting business in both the United Kingdom and the EU, impair or prohibit access to EU clients, create challenges in attracting or retaining non-British EU employees and introduce significant new uncertainties 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 with respect to the legal and regulatory requirements to which we and our clients are subject. In particular, Brexit is expected to significantly affect the regulatory landscape in both the United Kingdom and the EU and may have a material impact on their respective economies, which could have a materially adverse impact on us despite our international client base. 
 Failure to retain our existing senior management team or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could materially adversely affect our ability to operate or grow our business. 
 The success of our business depends upon the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers, particularly Joshua Peirez, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Peter Walker, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Lou Paglia, our President and Chief Operating Officer. There is a risk that any of Messrs. Peirez, Walker, or Paglia could leave the Company at any time, subject to certain notice requirements, although each is subject to post-termination restrictive covenants including non-compete covenants. Further, volatility in our stock price could negatively impact the value of executive officer equity awards and our ability to retain talent of key employees and executives. Although we have invested in succession planning, the loss of key members of our senior management team could nevertheless have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Should we lose the services of any member of our senior management team, we would have to conduct a search for a qualified replacement. This search may be prolonged, and we may not be able to locate and hire a qualified replacement. 
 Our business also depends on our ability to continue to attract, motivate and retain a large number of highly qualified personnel in order to support our clients and achieve business results. There is a limited pool of employees who have the requisite skills, training and education. Identifying, recruiting, training, integrating and retaining qualified personnel requires significant time, expense and attention, and the market for qualified personnel, particularly those with experience in background screening, has become increasingly competitive as an increasing number of companies seek to enhance their positions in the markets we serve. Our inability to attract, retain and motivate personnel with the requisite skills could impair our ability to develop new products and services, enhance our existing products and services, grow our client base, enter into new markets or manage our business effectively. 
 Increases in labor costs, potential labor disputes and work stoppages or an inability to hire skilled personnel could materially adversely affect our business. 
 An increase in labor costs, including as a result of the rising rate of inflation that the U.S. is currently experiencing, work stoppages or disruptions at our officers or those of our service providers, or other labor disruptions, could decrease our revenue and increase our expenses. In addition, although our employees are not represented by a union, our labor force may become subject to labor union organizing efforts, which could cause us to incur additional labor costs and increase the related risks that we now face. It is also possible that a union seeking to organize one subset of our employee population could also mount a corporate campaign, resulting in negative publicity or other actions that require attention by our management team and our employees. Negative publicity, work stoppages, or strikes by unions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The competition for skilled sales and other personnel can be intense in the regions in which our offices are located. A significant increase in the salaries and wages paid in these regions or by competing employers could result in a reduction of our labor force, increases in the salaries and wages that we must pay or both. For example, the U.S. is experiencing an acute workforce shortage, which in turn has created a very competitive wage environment that may increase our operating costs. If we are unable to hire skilled manufacturing, sales and other personnel or retain our existing personnel, our ability to execute our business plan, and our results of operations, would suffer. 
 Our ability to conduct our business may be materially adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events. In addition, our U.S., and European, Indian and Philippine operations are heavily concentrated in particular areas and may be adversely affected by events in those areas. 
 We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including fire, natural disasters, extreme weather events, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, theft, cyber-attacks, war or terrorist attacks. In addition, employee misconduct or error could expose us to significant liability, losses, regulatory sanctions and reputational harm. Misconduct or error by employees could include engaging in improperly using confidential information or engaging in improper or unauthorized activities or transactions. These unforeseen or catastrophic events could adversely affect our clients levels of business activity and precipitate sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. Certain of these events also pose significant risks to our employees and our physical facilities and operations around the world, 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 whether the facilities are ours or those of our third-party service providers or clients. If our systems were to fail or be negatively affected as a result of an unforeseen or catastrophic event, our business functions could be interrupted, our ability to make our products and services available to our clients could be impaired and we could lose critical data. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after an unforeseen or catastrophic event, and successfully execute on those plans should such an event occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially harmed. 
 In addition, although we believe our virtual-first policy has reduced our geographic concentration while it has broadened our exposure to multiple geographies, our U.S. operations are heavily concentrated in the New York metropolitan area, our European operations are heavily concentrated in London, England, Swansea, Wales and Wroclaw, Poland, our Indian operations are heavily concentrated in Mumbai and our Philippine operations are heavily concentrated in Manila. Any event that affects these geographic areas could particularly affect our ability to operate our business. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect or change significantly, our results of operations could be harmed. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity and the amount of sales and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our results of operations may be harmed if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and could result in a decline in our stock price. 
 Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance ESG considerations could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs and reputational harm. 
 Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, external stakeholders and employees are increasingly sensitive to ESG considerations, such as diversity and inclusion, sustainability, climate change, cyber-security and data privacy. This focus on ESG considerations may lead to increased compliance costs associated with running our business. Responding to ESG concerns, implementing ESG initiatives and achieving ESG goals involves risks and uncertainties, requires investment, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside of our control. We risk negative stockholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to our brands and reputation, if we fail, or are perceived to fail, to adhere to our public statements about ESG matters, comply fully with developing interpretations of ESG laws and regulations or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our ESG goals and initiatives. If we do not meet the evolving and varied ESG expectations of our customers, investors and other stakeholders, we could experience reduced demand for our products and services, loss of customers and other negative effects on our business, results of operations and the market price of our common stock, and could be exposed to government enforcement actions or private litigation. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 As of September 2020, we moved to a virtual-first approach where possible. We currently lease our corporate headquarters in New York, New York, which occupies 25,434 square feet. We also lease offices in Maryland, Ohio and Oregon as well as maintain office locations in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Poland, United Arab Emirates and the U.K.. We believe these facilities are suitable for our current operations and upon the expiration of the terms of the leases, we believe we could renew these leases or find suitable space elsewhere on acceptable terms. By optimizing virtual-first, we are focusing our investment, energy, and commitment to ensure that we create the same driven and connected culture that we saw in our offices. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, we believe would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or liquidity. Information regarding our legal proceedings can be found in Note 19, Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbol STER. As of February 28, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq was 12.72 per share. 
 Holders 
 As of February 28, 2023, we had 3,372 holders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the name of various security brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. The transfer agent of our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, 6201 15 th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to stockholders in the foreseeable future. In addition, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as our board of directors deem relevant. 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the relative investment performance of Sterling Check Corp. common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and a peer index representing the total price change of HireRight Holdings Corporation and First Advantage Corporation for the period September 23, 2021 to December 31, 2022, assuming a 100 cash investment at the market close on September 23, 2021 and reinvestment of dividends at date of payment into the common stock. The graph, presented pursuant to SEC rules, is not meant to be an indication of our future performance. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 (in thousands) 10/01/2022 to 10/31/2022 11/01/2022 to 11/30/2022 100,000 12/01/2022 to 12/31/2022 939,417 14.84 939,417 86,059 Total 939,417 939,417 
 _______________________________ 
 
 (1) On November 23, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our shares of common stock over a period through December 31, 2024. The share repurchase program is expected to be funded through our existing cash and future free cash flow. The share repurchase program is being executed on a discretionary basis through open market repurchases, private transactions, or other transactions, including through block trades and Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and amount of any share repurchases will be subject to several factors including share price, trading volume, market conditions, and capital allocation priorities. The share repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified without notice at any time. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. For a similar detailed discussion comparing the year ended December 31, 2020 to the year ended December 31, 2021, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Overview 
 
 Sterling Check Corp. (the Company, Sterling, we, us or our is a leading global provider of technology-enabled background and identity verification services. We provide the foundation of trust and safety that our clients need to create great environments for their most essential resource people. We offer a comprehensive hiring and risk management solution that begins with identity verification, followed by criminal background screening, credential verification, drug and health screening, processing of employee documentation required for onboarding and ongoing risk monitoring. Our services are generally delivered through our purpose-built, proprietary, cloud-based technology platform that empowers organizations with real-time and data-driven insights to conduct and manage their employment screening programs efficiently and effectively. Our interfaces are supported by our powerful artificial intelligence AI )-driven fulfillment platform, which leverages more than 3,300 automation integrations, including Application Programming Interfaces APIs and Robotic Process Automation RPA bots. This enables 90 of our U.S. criminal searches to be automated and allows us to complete 50 of U.S. criminal searches within the first five minutes, 65 of U.S. criminal searches within the first 15 minutes, over 70 of U.S. criminal searches within the first hour and 90 within the first day. As of December 31, 2022, over 95 of our revenue is processed through platforms hosted in the cloud, which allows us to consistently maintain 99.9 platform availability while being prepared to scale into the future. 
 Our client-centric approach underpins everything we do. We serve a diverse and global client base in a wide range of industries, such as healthcare, gig economy, financial and business services, industrials, retail, contingent, technology, media and entertainment, transportation and logistics, hospitality, education and government. To serve these differing needs, our sales and support delivery model is organized around Verticals and Regions. Our clients face a dynamic and rapidly evolving global labor market with increasing complexity and regulatory requirements. As a result, we believe our solutions are mission-critical to their core human resources, risk management and compliance functions. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we completed over 110 million searches for over 50,000 clients, including over 50 of the Fortune 100 and over 50 of the Fortune 500. We believe the combination of our deep market expertise from our sales and support combined with the flexibility of our proprietary technology platform enable us to deliver industry-relevant, highly specialized solutions to our clients in a scalable manner, driving growth and differentiating us from our competitors. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Corporate Strategy Refresh 
 As part of our journey of growth and optimization, we continue to refine our corporate strategy and are committed to our goal of delivering stockholder value by executing on the growth opportunities in front of us. We have a number of key execution elements to help us achieve our goals, including increasing our revenues with existing clients, acquiring new clients, growing market share internationally, and utilizing M A to supplement our organic revenue growth. As part of our refreshed strategy, we have begun executing on a restructuring program to realign senior leadership and functions, with the goal of elevating our go-to-market strategy and accelerating our technology and product innovation. We believe we are differentiated from competitors and well-positioned to achieve our goal of being the world s most trusted background and identity services company due to our deep market expertise, unrivaled client service, best-in-class data, and seamless workflows. At the end of 2022, we also launched Project Nucleus, which we expect to drive meaningful cost savings and efficiency gains. The goal of this initiative is to enhance our organization by re-engineering processes, driving fulfillment labor cost reductions and identifying and executing on additional automation opportunities. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On November 23, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our shares of common stock over a period through December 31, 2024. The program is expected to be funded through our existing cash and future free cash flow. The share repurchase program is being executed on a discretionary basis through open market repurchases, private transactions or other transactions, including through block trades and Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares and the timing and amount of any share repurchases will be subject to several factors, including share price, trading volume, market conditions and capital allocation priorities. The share repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified without notice at any time. Shares repurchased will be held as treasury stock. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 939,417 shares of common stock for approximately 14.0 million. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Debt Refinancing 
 On November 29, 2022, we completed the refinancing of our existing credit facilities with new credit facilities comprised of a 300.0 million term loan and a 400.0 million revolving credit facility. The 2022 Credit Agreement (as defined in Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facility extended our debt maturity profile to November 2027, increased our credit capacity, and is expected to reduce our annual interest expense. Amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest under either of the following two rates, elected in advance by us: (1) a base rate (equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the one-month adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 1 ); or (2) an adjusted term SOFR rate (equal to the sum of (a) term SOFR plus (b) 0.10 ), in each case, plus a tiered floating interest rate margin based on our net leverage ratio. 
 
 M A Activity 
 
 On January 4, 2023, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Socrates, the largest independent screening company in Latin America, expanding our global presence into Latin America to serve the rapidly growing regional hiring needs of both multi-national and local clients. 
 
 On March 1, 2023, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of A-Check Global, a U.S.-based employment screening organization, providing us access to a high quality, enterprise-focused customer base diversified across attractive verticals including healthcare and telecom. 

Trends and Other Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 Macroeconomic and Job Environment 
 Our business is impacted by the overall economic environment and our clients hiring volumes. Despite fluctuations in the macroeconomic environment, we have benefited recently from a number of key demand drivers, many of which increase the need for more flexible, comprehensive screening and hiring solutions. 
 The American gig economy and contingent workforce accounts for a large and growing proportion of the U.S. workforce. As the gig economy caters to clients in a very direct and personal way (e.g., rideshare, goods delivery, household services), safe and effective background screening capabilities have become critical. In addition, generational and structural shifts in the workforce have led to elevated levels of voluntary employee churn, particularly with younger workers. The ongoing structural shift from in-office to remote work further reduces the historical geographic matching challenge employers and employees faced, further reducing switching costs for employees and expanding talent pools for employers. Further, the proliferation of personal data has exposed many identities to risk of exposure and theft, driving the need for identity verification. Verifying identity is a powerful tool that employers can use to help ensure that their candidates and workers are who they claim to be, and that fraudulent data is not used during the hiring and onboarding process. As false claims within job applications are an area of growing concern for employers, our clients use our background and identification verification services to mitigate reputational risks. 
 Background screening is also gaining broader adoption outside the U.S. Globally, companies are consistently competing for the best talent, regardless of location, and are therefore putting greater emphasis on reducing time-to-hire in a compliant manner as well as creating a positive onboarding experience for the candidate. Additionally, the international expansion of U.S.-based global companies and their desire to offer centralized and comparable hiring practices has introduced the benefits of background screening to foreign markets. Our ability to navigate the complexities of international background checks and verifying foreign credentials drives demand for our products and services. 
 Our clients are increasingly utilizing ongoing post-hire screening. This allows for greater mobility and safety for remote, onsite and contingent jobs and also ensures prompt risk warnings on any changes to an employee s profile, including any criminal activity, drug use or health changes and compliance with on-going certification and licensing requirements, amongst others. This has further accelerated demand for our screening products and services. 
 In the latter half of the third quarter of 2022, base growth began to moderate due to macroeconomic uncertainty related to factors including inflation, monetary policy and fiscal policy, which moderation continued through the fourth quarter of 2022 during which we experienced a year-over-year decline in base business with our existing clients that offset positive trends in other revenue drivers, including growth from new clients, up-sell and cross-sell and retention. These factors have caused uncertainty among our clients and general populace of a 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 future economic downturn or recession. Given the uncertain conditions, it is challenging to predict the hiring and turnover trends of our clients. 
 New Product and Service Development 
 Our success depends on our ability to develop new products and services and introduce technological enhancements for our current products and services that meet the demands of existing and new clients. We have a robust new product roadmap focused on enhancing our ability to address the constantly evolving needs of our clients and their candidates. 
 As part of our strategic transformation, in early 2019, we launched Project Ignite, a three-phase strategic investment initiative, to create a cloud-native enterprise-class global platform. Project Ignite is substantially complete as of December 31, 2022. The final phase of Project Ignite migrated our corporate technological infrastructure to the cloud and unified our clients onto a single global production platform. We have benefited from the delivery of our new client and candidate interfaces, scalable cloud-based infrastructure for our global and local production platforms and an improved security environment through new business wins, improved client retention and the ability to launch products rapidly to meet immediate client needs, as we did in 2022 when we developed our robust and proprietary core I-9 offering into a fully integrated I-9 solution within our Sterling platform and partner ecosystem. In 2022, we also strengthened our competitive differentiation through the expansion of our identity capabilities in both the U.S. and the U.K. In the U.S., with ID.me, we offer a fully integrated identity workflow within the screening process, furthering our leadership position to deliver identity services for employers in the U.S. In the U.K., we became the first background screening organization to become a certified digital identity service provider and have partnered with Yoti to develop a comprehensive global identity verification solution. This new capability enables a faster and easier experience for prospective talent in the U.K. to verify themselves using modern technology while reducing the chance of identity fraud. Over the long term, we expect these investments to further enhance our margins, improve time to market as we build once and deploy globally and allow us to increase innovation. We intend to continue to invest in developing industry-first solutions, further innovating in our existing Verticals and Regions as well as pursuing adjacent market opportunities that leverage our existing technology platform. We plan to pursue new and under-penetrated adjacent market opportunities, including talent assessment, reference checking, onboarding and investigative due diligence. 
 Clients 
 Our results of operations depend on our ability to retain existing clients, offer new products and services to existing clients, attract new clients and maintain a diverse client base. We serve the background and identity verification services needs of more than 50,000 clients. Our client base is diversified in size of client and industry and includes over 50 of the Fortune 100 and over 50 of the Fortune 500. We have minimal client concentration with no client accounting for more than 3 of revenue, and our top 25 clients accounting for less than 25 of revenue. We serve the healthcare, gig, financial and business services, industrials, retail, contingent, technology, medi a and entertainment, transportation and logistics, hospitality, education and government industries. We employ an operating model organized by Vertical and Region that produces differentiated end-market insights and allows us to tailor solutions to meet the needs of each industry we serve. 
 A majority of our U.S. enterprise client contracts are exclusive to Sterling or require Sterling to be used as the primary provider. Additionally, they are typically multi-year agreements with automatic renewal terms, no termination for convenience clauses and set pricing with Sterling s right to increase prices annually upon notice, including the ability to increase pass-through costs to our clients with 30 days notice. Our success is driven by a competitive service offering of fast, reliable, and accurate screening information delivered on a cost-effective basis. Additionally, our offerings are tightly integrated with our clients ATSs and HCM systems, further cementing our services into our clients daily human resources HR workflows. Taken together, these factors have yielded strong client relationships with an average tenure of nine years across our top 100 clients based on 2021 and 2022 total revenue. 
 Our ability to retain our existing clients and attract new clients will depend on our ability to continue to deliver superior client service and on the quality of the products and services that we provide, including the accuracy and speed of the background checks that we perform and the protection of the data we collect. We have demonstrated improvement in our gross retention rate for five consecutive years, which was 96 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulations in the U.S. and internationally, which may expose us to significant regulatory risk and cause additional legal costs to ensure compliance. See Part I, Item 1. Business 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation. We are subject to a number of laws and regulations regarding protection of the security and privacy of certain healthcare and personal information. While the overarching principles of security and privacy laws and regulations are similar across geographies, the specific laws within each region are not uniform and are often evolving, placing increasingly complicated operational requirements on our business. 
 However, under certain circumstances, regulation may increase demand for our products and services, and we believe we are well positioned to benefit from any potential increased screenings due to regulatory changes as clients seek products and services that meet regulatory requirements and solutions that help them comply with their regulatory obligations. A growing number of laws and regulations has led to greater complexities and potential legal liabilities related to hiring and workforce management policies that are increasingly difficult to navigate for employers. In response, our clients are increasing their focus on compliance functions to ensure they are meeting these changing legal and regulatory demands. 
 Competitive Environment 
 The market for global background and identity verification services is highly fragmented and competitive. Based on July 2021 Acclaro data, no single private or public firm possesses a market share of greater than 10 . We compete with a diverse group of screening companies, including global full-suite players characterized by their global scale and enterprise offerings; mid-tier players that tend to focus on a particular geographic region, industry or product line; and small and independently-owned background screening players that typically serve SMBs. It is also possible that new competitors or alliances or consolidation among competitors may emerge and significantly increase competition. We expect our market to remain highly competitive. 
 We believe that reporting accurate information and maintaining security of sensitive information are two fundamental requirements to compete successfully as a reputable background screening provider. We also compete on the basis of a number of factors, including: the technology-enabled, ease-of-use, level of functionality and end-to-end efficiency of our solution; our ability to integrate with client systems and major software applications; the breadth and geographical reach of our service offerings; the speed of our screening results; pricing and return on investment for our clients; and our successful track record and reference base with similarly situated companies. See Part I, Item 1. Business Competition for more detail on our competitors. 
 Technology and Cybersecurity Environment 
 We operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our security, technology, products and services. If we experience cyber-threats and attempted security breaches or fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences, our ability to service clients may be affected and the demand for our products and services may diminish. If these threats or breaches were successful, they could impact revenue and operating income and increase costs. We therefore continue to make investments, which may result in increased costs, to strengthen our cybersecurity measures. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Environment 
 We earn revenues, pay expenses, hold assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect our results of operations from period to period. In particular, fluctuations in exchange rates for non-U.S. dollar currencies may reduce the U.S. dollar value of revenues, earnings and cash flows we receive from non-U.S. markets, increase our operating expenses (as measured in U.S. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in those markets or otherwise adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. Key currencies affecting our results of operations at this time are the Canadian dollar (CAD), Euro (EUR), British pound (GBP), Australian dollar (AUD), Indian rupee (INR) and Philippine peso (PHP). As we expand into other markets, other currencies may become relevant. Future fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and their impact on our results of operations and financial condition are inherently uncertain. As we continue to pursue growth of our global operations, these fluctuations may be material. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Foreign Currency and Derivative Risk. 
 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have maintained our focus on keeping our employees safe and maintaining our clients uninterrupted access to our services. During the third quarter of 2020, as shelter-in-place policies enacted as a result of COVID-19 were relaxed, businesses began to reopen and general economic conditions began to improve, we experienced an increase in the demand for our products 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 and services as we closely partnered with our clients to support their increasing hiring needs. This increase in demand continued throughout 2021 and through August 2022 as the broader macroeconomic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic continued. In addition, the structural shift from in-office to remote work has reduced switching costs for employees and expanded talent pools for employers, further increasing demand. However, in the latter half of the third quarter of 2022, base growth began to moderate due to macroeconomic uncertainty related to factors including inflation, monetary policy and fiscal policy, which moderation continued through the fourth quarter of 2022 during which we experienced a year-over-year decline in base business with our existing customers that offset positive trends in other revenue drivers, including growth from new clients, up-sell and cross-sell and retention . These factors have caused uncertainty among our clients and general populace of a future economic downturn or recession. Given the uncertain conditions, it is challenging to predict the hiring and turnover trends of our clients. 
 While the outbreak recently appeared to be trending downward, particularly as vaccination rates increased, new variants of COVID-19 have continued to emerge, spreading throughout the U.S. and globally and causing significant disruptions. The ongoing global health crisis (including resurgences) resulting from the pandemic have continued to disrupt the normal operations of many businesses, including the temporary closure or scale-back of business operations and/or the imposition of either quarantine or remote work or meeting requirements for employees, either by government order or on a voluntary basis. As such, the COVID-19 pandemic could have a continued adverse impact on economic and market conditions, and the full extent of the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on future developments, including, among other factors, spread of the outbreak and the success of vaccination programs, along with related travel advisories, quarantines and restrictions, the recovery times of disrupted supply chains and industries, the impact of labor market interruptions, the impact of government interventions, and uncertainty with respect to the duration of the global economic slowdown. 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described in Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, those relating to changes in economic, political, social and market conditions; systems failures, interruptions, delays in services, cybersecurity incidents, unforeseen or catastrophic events and any resulting interruptions; our international operations; and our dependence on our senior management team and other qualified personnel. 
 Operational Enablement 
 In February 2020, we set up a COVID-19 Business Continuity Planning and Crisis Management Task force led by our Chief Legal Risk Officer. By mid-March 2020, we had successfully executed a virtual operating model and nearly all of our employees around the globe were working remotely. We have continued to be successful in executing a virtual-first strategy, as a result of which most of our employees have continued to work remotely. Operating in a virtual model has required us to hire employees remotely, train them virtually and expand our network capabilities. 
 Revenue and Sales Generation 
 Our financial performance in 2020 was impacted by the general economic downturn experienced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, many of our clients froze headcount, furloughed and terminated employees, deferred hiring and partially or completely shut down their business operations and as a result, we experienced reduced demand for our products and services, particularly in industries impacted severely by the COVID-19 pandemic such as brick-and-mortar retail, entertainment, and hospitality. However, we saw increased demand for our products and services in industries such as U.S. healthcare and global gig, which we believe is attributable to changing consumer behavior. Our lack of industry concentration with a highly diversified client base provided a natural hedge against industry-specific effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, due to our increased investment in automation, we were able to fulfill searches in at least 98 of U.S. jurisdictions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, while we believe certain competitors struggled to operate. We expanded our services to include COVID-19 testing in June 2020, vaccination tracking in September 2021 and antigen testing in December 2021. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, as shelter-in-place policies were relaxed, businesses began to reopen and general economic conditions began to improve, we experienced an increase in the demand for our products and services. This increase in demand continued through the end of 2020 and throughout 2021 with the business moving into year-over-year revenue growth for November and December 2020 compared to 2019 and a 41.4 increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Revenues continued to increase during 2022, resulting in a 19.5 increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Cost Optimization and Cash Management 
 Beginning in March 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented robust cost reduction measures across the organization, reducing selling, general and administrative expenses. We recognized this as an opportunity to implement strategic structural changes to improve operating leverage and accelerate the modernization of our technological infrastructure. We moved to a virtual-first strategy, closed or reduced the size of 12 offices globally, began reducing our data center footprint to prioritize moving our revenue to platforms hosted in the cloud, and streamlined our sales and operations organization for greater operational efficiency. We derived additional cost savings from reducing variable spending, such as bonus expense, lower commissions, and lower marketing, travel, and entertainment expenses due to business performance being impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the U.S. Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, among other things, permits the deferral of employer taxes. We chose to avail ourselves of this provision, resulting in the deferral of 2.7 million of employer taxes from 2020, payable in 2021 and 2022. We did not participate in any other benefits of the CARES Act or in any other government programs globally related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 The following discussion summarizes the key components of our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. We have one operating and reportable segment. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenue by providing background and identity verification services to our clients. We have an attractive business model underpinned by stable and highly recurring transactional revenues, significant operating leverage and low capital requirements that contribute to strong cash flow generation. We recognize revenue under the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic No.606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, we recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to clients, generally at a point in time, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we are entitled to for those goods or services. A majority of our enterprise client contracts are exclusive to Sterling or require Sterling to be used as the primary provider. Additionally, they are typically multi-year agreements with automatic renewal terms, no termination for convenience clauses and set pricing with Sterling s right to increase prices annually upon notice, including the ability to increase pass-through costs to our clients with 30 days notice. The strength of our contracts combined with our high levels of client retention results in a high degree of revenue visibility. 
 Our revenue drivers are acquiring new clients (which we measure by new client growth, calculated as discussed in the following paragraph), and growth in existing client base through retaining existing clients (which we measure by gross retention rate, calculated as discussed in the following paragraph), and growing our existing client relationships through upselling, cross-selling, and organic and inorganic growth in our client s operations that lead to an increase in hiring (which we measure by base business growth with existing clients, calculated as discussed in the following paragraph). 
 
 New client growth for the relevant period is calculated as revenues from clients that are in the first twelve months of billing with Sterling divided by total revenues from the prior period, expressed as a percentage. Existing client growth is defined as: (i) base business growth with existing clients due to increased volumes, which is calculated as growth in revenues in the current period from clients that have been billing with us for longer than twelve calendar months, plus (ii) additional revenue from cross-sell and up-sell, net of (iii) attrition, which is the revenue impact from accounts considered lost. Existing client growth is expressed as a percentage, where the denominator is total revenues from the prior period. Gross retention rate is a percentage, the numerator of which is prior period revenues less the revenue impact from accounts considered lost and the denominator is prior period revenues. The revenue impact is calculated as revenue decline of lost accounts in the relevant period from the prior period for the months after they were considered lost. Therefore, the attrition impact of clients lost in the current year may be partially captured in both the current and following period s retention rates depending on what point during the period they are lost. Our gross retention rate does not factor in the revenue impact, whether growth or decline, attributable to existing clients or the incremental revenue impact of new clients. 
 In addition to organic growth through the drivers mentioned above, we may from time to time consider acquisitions that drive growth in our business. In those instances, inorganic growth will refer to the revenue from acquisitions for the twelve months following an acquisition. Any incremental revenue generation thereafter will be considered organic growth. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Our revenues come from the following services which are sold as a bundle or individually, with revenue recognized at the time of delivery of background screening reports. 
 Identity Verification Leveraging innovative technologies in fingerprinting, facial recognition and ID validation to verify that candidates are who they say they are. 
 Background Checks County, state and federal criminal checks fulfilled through proprietary automation technology enabling global criminal screening capabilities in over 240 countries and territories. Other services include credit checks, civil checks, motor vehicle registration confirmation, and social media checks. 
 Credential Verification Thorough employment and education verification services, and licensing certification backed by a powerful fulfillment engine. 
 Drug and Health Screening Comprehensive, accurate, and fast drug and health screening services through a network of approximately 20,000 collection sites supporting the SAMHSA. 
 Onboarding Custom forms including I-9 and eVerify employment eligibility, tax withholding forms and Equal Employment Opportunity disclosure forms, with built-in compliance and dynamic validation. 
 Post-Hire Monitoring Continuous screening allowing for greater mobility and safety for remote, onsite and contingent jobs and also ensuring prompt risk warnings on any changes to an employee s profile. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our cost structure is flexible and provides us with operational leverage to be able to effectively adapt to changing client needs and broader economic events. Additionally, in 2021 and 2022, we implemented strategic structural changes in our business to improve operating leverage and accelerate modernizing our technological infrastructure including leveraging robotics process automation. We moved to a virtual-first strategy and closed or reduced the size of 12 offices globally and began reducing our data center footprint as we executed moving our revenue to the cloud and streamlined our sales and operations organization for greater operational efficiency. As part of our refreshed strategy in 2022, we have begun executing on a restructuring program to realign senior leadership and functions, with the goal of elevating our go-to-market strategy and accelerating our technology and product innovation. At the end of 2022, we also launched Project Nucleus which we expect to drive meaningful cost savings and efficiency gains in our cost of revenues. This initiative aims to enhance our organization by re-engineering processes, driving fulfillment labor cost reductions and identifying and executing on additional automation opportunities. In any given period, operating expenses are driven by the amount of revenue, mix of clients and products, and impact of automation, productivity, and procurement initiatives. While we expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars to support our continued growth, we believe that operating expenses will decline gradually as a percentage of total revenues in the future as our business grows and our operating scale continues to improve. 
 Operating expenses include the following costs: 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues includes costs related to delivery of services and includes third-party vendor costs associated with acquisition of data and to a lesser extent, costs related to our onshore and offshore fulfillment teams and facilities and hosting costs for our cloud-based platforms. Our ability to grow profitably depends on our ability to manage our cost structure. Our costs are affected by third-party costs including government fees and data vendor costs, as these third parties have discretion to adjust pricing. 
 Third-party data costs include amounts paid to third parties for access to government records, other third-party data and services, as well as costs related to our court runner network. Third-party costs of services are largely variable in nature. Where applicable, these are typically invoiced to our clients as direct pass-through costs. 
 
 Cost of revenues also includes salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for personnel involved in the processing and fulfillment of our screening products and solutions, as well as our client care organization, and facilities costs for our onshore and offshore fulfillment centers. Additional vendor costs are third-party costs for robotics process automation related to fulfillment, and third-party costs related to hosting our fulfillment platforms in the cloud. We do not allocate depreciation and amortization to cost of revenues. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Corporate Technology and Production Systems 
 Included in this line item are costs related to maintaining our corporate information technology infrastructure and non-capitalizable costs to develop and maintain our production systems. 
 Corporate information technology expenses consist of personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, supporting internal operations such as information technology support and the maintenance of our information security and business continuity functions. Also included are third-party costs including cloud computing costs that support our corporate internal systems, software licensing and maintenance, telecommunications and other technology infrastructure costs. 
 Production systems costs consist of non-capitalizable personnel costs including contractor costs incurred for the development of platform and product initiatives, and production support and maintenance. Platform and product initiatives facilitate the development of our technology platform and the launch of new screening products. Production support and maintenance includes costs to support and maintain the technology underlying our existing screening products, and to enhance the ease of use for our cloud applications. Certain personnel costs related to new products and features are capitalized and amortization of these capitalized costs is included in the depreciation and amortization line item. 
 Included within Corporate technology and production systems are non-capitalizable production system and corporate information technology expenses related to Project Ignite, a three-phase strategic investment initiative. Phase one of Project Ignite modernized client and candidate experiences and is complete. Phase two of Project Ignite focused on decommissioning our on-premises data centers and migrating our production systems and corporate information technological infrastructure to a managed service provider in the cloud. During the first half of 2021, we completed phase two initiatives related to the migration of our production and fulfillment systems to the cloud, and as a result, as of December 31, 2021, over 95 of our revenue is processed through platforms hosted in the cloud, which allows us to consistently maintain 99.9 platform availability while being prepared to scale into the future. The remaining expense to complete phase two was the decommissioning of our on-premises data centers for our internal corporate technology infrastructure and migration to the cloud which had been completed as of September 30, 2022. Phase three of Project Ignite was decommissioning of platforms purchased over the prior ten years and the migration of the clients to one global platform. This third and final phase, which we substantially completed as of December 31, 2022, unified our clients onto a single global platform. The future costs related to completing these initiatives will be included in our Corporate technology and production systems. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling expenses consist of personnel costs, travel expenses and other expenses for our client success, sales and marketing teams. Additionally, selling expenses include the cost of marketing and promotional events, corporate communications, and other brand-building activities. General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and related expenses for human resources, legal and compliance, finance, global shared services, and executives. Additional costs include professional fees, stock-based compensation, insurance premiums, and other corporate expenses. 
 While we anticipate that our selling, general, and administrative SG A expenses will be impacted by additional public company related reporting and compliance costs, we expect expenses to stabilize in the future as a result of strategic initiatives to drive operational efficiency. 
 In addition, non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with special one-time bonus grants in connection with the IPO of options and restricted stock under our Sterling Check Corp. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (discussed in Note 14, Stock-based Compensation to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) began in the third quarter of 2021 and will continue over the following four years. Over the long term, we expect our SG A expenses to decrease as a percentage of our revenue as we leverage our past investments. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Definite-lived intangible assets consist of intangibles acquired through acquisition and the costs of developing internal-use software. They are amortized using a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives except for customer lists, to which we apply an accelerated method of amortization. The costs of developing internal-use software are capitalized during the application development stage. Amortization 
 71 

Table of Contents 

commences when the software is placed into service and is computed using the straight-line method over the useful life of the underlying software of three years. 
 Depreciation of our property and equipment is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets, generally three to five years or, for leasehold improvements, the shorter of seven years or the term of the lease. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Long-lived assets, such as property, equipment and capitalized internal use software subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, such as (i) a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which it is being used or in its physical condition, (ii) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate that could affect its value, or (iii) a current-period operation or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with its use. An asset is considered impaired if the carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows the asset is expected to generate. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its fair value. The adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. For a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated or amortized over the remaining useful life of that asset. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, less selling costs. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense consists of interest and the amortization discount on the First Lien Term Loan (as defined under Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facility. 
 Loss (gain) on Interest Rate Swaps 
 Loss (gain) on interest rate swaps consists of realized and unrealized losses (gains) on interest rate swaps, which we entered into to reduce our exposure to variability in expected future cash flows on the now-refinanced First Lien Term Loan, which bore interest at a variable rate. Unrealized gains and losses result from changes in the fair value of the swap and realized gains and losses reflect the amounts payable or receivable between the fixed rate on the swap and LIBOR. Our interest rate swap expired in June 2022 and did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. On February 28, 2023, we entered into an amortizing 300.0 million notional value interest rate swap. The notional value steps down from 300.0 million to 150.0 million on February 27, 2026. The swap provides for us to pay, as applied to the notional value, a fixed rate of interest of 4.26 monthly and receive, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to the greater of the one-month term SOFR and a floor of (0.10 ), as applied to the notional value (the Floating Leg ). The interest rate swap matures on November 29, 2027. The interest expense related to the 2022 Credit Agreement will be offset by proceeds received from the Floating Leg of the interest rate swap. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt resulted from our credit agreement refinancing on November 29, 2022. 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Provision 
 Income tax (benefit) provision consists of domestic and foreign corporate income taxes related to earnings from our sale of services, with statutory tax rates that differ by jurisdiction. We expect the income earned by our international entities to grow over time as a percentage of total income, which may impact our effective income tax rate. However, our effective tax rate will be affected by many other factors including changes in tax laws, regulations or rates, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, shifts in the allocation of income earned throughout the world, and changes in overall levels of income before tax. The computation of the provision for or benefit from income taxes for interim periods is determined by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date (loss) income before tax and adjusting for discrete tax items recorded in the period, if any. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law. The IRA establishes a 15 corporate minimum tax effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022 for domestic corporations with average annual adjusted financial statement income that exceeds 1.0 billion over a three-year period, and imposes a 1 excise tax on the repurchase after December 31, 2022 of stock by publicly 
 72 

Table of Contents 

traded U.S. corporations. On November 23, 2022, our board of directors authorized a 100.0 million share repurchase program. For additional information regarding our share repurchase program, see Recent Developments Share Repurchase Program. We currently do not expect the tax-related provisions of the IRA to have a material impact on our financial results. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 The following table sets forth certain historical consolidated and comparative financial information for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended Increase/ December 31, (Decrease) 2021 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Revenues 641,884 766,782 124,898 19.5 Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization below) 313,155 407,683 94,528 30.2 Corporate technology and production systems 44,323 50,487 6,164 13.9 Selling, general and administrative 198,700 175,459 (23,241) (11.7) Depreciation and amortization 82,064 73,140 (8,924) (10.9) Impairments of long-lived assets 3,274 1,008 (2,266) (69.2) Total operating expenses 641,516 707,777 66,261 10.3 Operating income 368 59,005 58,637 15934.0 Interest expense, net 30,857 29,547 (1,310) (4.2) Loss (gain) on interest rate swaps 31 (297) 328 1058.1 Other income (1,532) (2,034) 502 32.8 Loss on extinguishment of debt 3,673 3,673 100.0 Total other expense, net 29,356 30,889 1,533 5.2 (Loss) Income before income taxes (28,988) 28,116 57,104 197.0 Income tax (benefit) provision (10,461) 8,706 19,167 183.2 Net (loss) income (18,527) 19,410 37,937 204.8 Net (loss) income margin (2.9) 2.5 186.2 Net (loss) income per share - basic (0.21) 0.21 0.42 (200.0) 
 Revenues 
 Revenues increased 19.5 , or 124.9 million, from 641.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 766.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The 19.5 growth rate was driven by 14.4 organic constant currency revenue growth and 6.5 inorganic revenue growth from the acquisition of EBI, partially offset by a 1.4 unfavorable impact from fluctuations in foreign currency. The organic revenue increase reflected new client growth of approximately 9 and existing client growth of approximately 4 including base growth, cross-sell and up-sell, and net of attrition. Base growth moderated slightly earlier than expected in the third quarter of 2022 and this moderation continued through the fourth quarter of 2022, during which we experienced a year-over-year decline in base business growth with existing clients, driven by macroeconomic uncertainty, which impacted total revenue growth. Our investments in technology and products, coupled with our best-in-class turnaround times and customer-first focus, enabled our gross retention rate to remain strong at approximatel y 96 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Pricing was relatively stable across the periods and not meaningful to the change in revenues. 
 
 Total revenue in our U.S. business grew 23.2 year-over-year, including approximately 8 growth from the EBI acquisition. We saw broad-based strength across our industry Verticals, with particularly exceptional results in our Industrials, Healthcare, and Financial and Business Services Verticals, as we executed our growth playbook and benefited from secular tailwinds that drove increased labor turnover. While our international business experienced total revenue growth of 3.1 , including greater than 20 revenue growth in APAC, the growth rate was significantly reduced as a result of the weakening of international currencies against the U.S. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

dollar during the period and negatively impacted by a lower growth rate in Europe specifically driven by one-time COVID-19 revenues from a government agency in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues increased 30.2 , or 94.5 million, from 313.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 407.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was driven by an 87.4 million increase due to increased volume and the EBI acquisition. The remainder of the increase is due to an increase in third-party data costs, additional payroll and related benefits expenses due to increased headcount to support revenue growth, increased professional and outside services fees and increased platform hosting costs. 
 Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues increased by 437 basis points from 48.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 53.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Corporate Technology and Production Systems 
 Corporate technology and production systems expenses increased by 13.9 , or 6.2 million, from 44.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 50.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. These expenses include costs related to maintaining our corporate information technology infrastructure and non-capitalizable costs to develop and maintain our production systems. Costs related to maintaining our corporate information technology infrastructure increased by 3.9 million from 21.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 25.1 million for year ended December 31, 2022 due primarily to the acquisition of EBI, increased headcount and third party software license cost to support revenue growth and cloud hosting costs. Costs to develop platform and product initiatives increased by 1.3 million from 15.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 16.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due primarily to additional payroll and related expenses and cloud hosting costs. Costs related to maintaining our production systems increased by 0.9 million from 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due primarily to software licenses, maintenance costs and cloud hosting costs. 
 
 These expenses include non-capitalizable costs related to Project Ignite. We incurred 0.9 million related to phase one, 6.1 million related to phase two and 6.6 million related to phase three in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.7 million related to phase two and 10.7 million related to phase three in the year ended December 31, 2022. Phase two of Project Ignite was completed in 2022 and phase three of Project Ignite was substantially completed as of December 31, 2022. For detailed disclosure on Project Ignite, including information related to the anticipated completion and treatment of non-capitalizable expenses in future periods, please see Components of our Results of Operations Operating Expenses Corporate Technology and Production Systems. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, corporate technology and production systems expenses also include 1.1 million of restructuring-related charges to support our strategy refresh. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 11.7 , or 23.2 million, from 198.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 175.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by costs in the prior year related to the IPO of which 16.8 million related to a contractual compensation payment to a former executive in 2021 (of which 15.6 million was funded by certain stockholders), a 9.0 million decrease in stock-based compensation resulting from the accelerated vesting of outstanding options and the forgiveness of promissory notes exchanged for common stock in connection with the IPO in 2021, and a 8.9 million decrease in management fees primarily the result of the termination of the MSA (as defined in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 18 Related Party Transactions in connection with the IPO in 2021. The year-over-year decrease was partially offset by a 5.1 million increase in payroll and related taxes and benefits expense due to the EBI acquisition and severance related charges to support our strategy refresh, 3.3 million of legal settlements impacting comparability and a 2.9 million increase due to a full year of insurance costs related to operating as a public company. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 10.9 , or 9.0 million, from 82.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 73.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to an 11.0 million decrease in intangible asset amortization resulting from assets being fully amortized and new intangible assets added at lower rates compared to those which became fully depreciated in the period coupled with reduced fixed asset depreciation resulting from decreased capital expenditure activity. This year-over year 
 74 

Table of Contents 

decrease was partially offset by a 2.3 million increase due to a full year of depreciation and amortization for assets acquired in the purchase of EBI. 
 Impairments of Long-Lived Assets 
 Impairments of long-lived assets decreased by 69.2 , or 2.3 million, from 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to real estate consolidation during 2021. Impairment costs for 2021 were mainly driven by the write-off of fixed assets related to the exit of our office in Bellevue, Washington and impairment costs during 2022 primarily related to the exit of EBI s office. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense decreased by 4.2 , or 1.4 million, from 30.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 29.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to a decrease in amortization of loan discount and deferred financing fees. Amortization of loan discount and deferred financing fees resulted in expense of 3.7 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Loss (gain) on Interest Rate Swaps 
 Loss (gain) on interest rate swaps increased by 0.3 million, from a loss of less than 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to a gain of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to a mark to market MTM gain of 4.1 million offset by a realized loss of 3.8 million. We were party to one interest rate swap during 2022, which matured on June 30, 2022. 
 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a 3.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from the credit agreement refinancing on November 29, 2022. 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Provision 
 Income tax (benefit) provision increased by 19.2 million from a benefit of 10.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to an income tax provision of 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in an effective tax rate of 36.1 and 31.0 , respectively. The increase in income tax provision is primarily due to the increase in income before taxes. Income before taxes increased 57.1 million from a loss before taxes of 29.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to income before taxes of 28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the effective rate differs from the statutory rate mainly due to a jurisdictional mix of earnings and permanent items. 
 Net (Loss) Income and Net (Loss) Income Margin 
 Net (loss) income improved by 37.9 million, from a net loss of 18.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to net income of 19.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net (loss) income margin improved 186.2 from a net loss margin of 2.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to a net income margin of 2.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The improvement in both net (loss) income and net (loss) income margin resulted primarily from increased revenues and the decrease in IPO-related expenses in 2022. 
 Net (Loss) Income Per Share 
 Net (loss) income per share improved 0.42 per share from a net loss of 0.21 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 to net income of 0.21 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains non-GAAP financial measures, which are financial measures that are not calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Specifically, we make use of the non-GAAP financial measures organic constant currency revenue growth , Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings Per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow to assess the performance of our business. 
 Organic constant currency revenue growth is calculated by adjusting for inorganic revenue growth, which is defined as the impact to revenue growth in the current period from M A activity that has occurred over the past twelve months, and converting the current period revenue at foreign currency exchange rates consistent with the prior period. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we have provided the impact of revenue from the acquisition of EBI in November 2021. We present organic constant currency revenue growth because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance; however, it has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider such a measure either in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under US GAAP. In particular, organic constant currency revenue growth does not reflect M A activity or the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net (loss) income adjusted for (benefit) provision for income taxes, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, transaction expenses related to the IPO and one-time public company transition expenses, M A activity, optimization and restructuring, technology transformation costs, foreign currency (gains) and losses and other costs affecting comparability. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue for the applicable period. We present Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management and our board of directors use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to evaluate the factors and trends affecting our business to assess our financial performance and in preparing and approving our annual budget and believe they are helpful in highlighting trends in our core operating performance. Further, our executive incentive compensation is based in part on components of Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for our results as reported under US GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA excludes items that can have a significant effect on our profit or loss and should, therefore, be considered only in conjunction with net (loss) income for the period. Because not all companies use identical calculations, these measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 Adjusted Net Income is a non-GAAP profitability measure. Adjusted Net Income is defined as net (loss) income adjusted for amortization of acquired intangible assets, stock-based compensation, transaction expenses related to the IPO and one-time public company transition expenses, M A activity, optimization and restructuring, technology transformation costs, and certain other costs affecting comparability, adjusted for the applicable tax rate. Adjusted Earnings Per Share is defined as Adjusted Net Income divided by diluted weighted average shares for the applicable period. We present Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding certain material non-cash items and unusual items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future. Our management believes that the inclusion of supplementary adjustments to net (loss) income applied in presenting Adjusted Net Income provide additional information to investors about certain material non-cash items and about items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future. Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider such measures either in isolation or as substitutes for analyzing our results as reported under US GAAP. 
 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow is defined as Net Cash provided by (used in) Operating Activities minus purchases of property and equipment and purchases of intangible assets and capitalized software. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Adjusted Free Cash Flow reflects adjustments for one-time, cash, non-operating expenses related to the IPO. We present Adjusted Free Cash Flow because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding certain material non-recurring, non-operating cash items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future. Adjusted Free Cash Flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider such measure either in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under US GAAP. 
 
 Organic Constant Currency Revenue Growth 
 
 The following table reconciles revenue growth, the most directly comparable US GAAP measure, to organic constant currency revenue growth for the periods presented: 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Reported revenue growth 41.4 19.5 Inorganic revenue growth (1) 0.7 6.5 Impact from foreign currency exchange (2) 1.7 (1.4) Organic constant currency revenue growth 39.0 14.4 
 _______________________________ 
 
 (1) Impact to revenue growth in the current period from M A activity that has occurred over the past twelve months. 
 
 (2) Impact to revenue growth in the current period from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 10.8 , or 19.3 million, from 179.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 198.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Adjusted EBITDA Margin decreased by 200 basis points year-over-year from 27.9 in 2021 to 25.9 in 2022 predominantly due to three quarters of public company costs, the acquisition of EBI and moderation in base growth, beginning in the latter part of the third quarter of 2022. 
 The following table reconciles net (loss) income, the most directly comparable US GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 (dollars in thousands) Net (loss) income (18,527) 19,410 Income tax (benefit) provision (10,461) 8,706 Interest expense, net 30,857 29,547 Depreciation and amortization 82,064 73,140 Stock-based compensation 32,580 23,805 Loss on extinguishment of debt 3,673 Transaction expenses (1) 
 43,046 11,493 Restructuring (2) 
 4,915 9,024 Technology Transformation (3) 
 13,088 16,794 Settlements impacting comparability (4) 
 468 3,319 Loss (gain) on interest rate swaps (5) 
 31 (297) Other (6) 
 1,123 (111) Adjusted EBITDA 179,184 198,503 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 27.9 25.9 
 _______________________________ 
 
 (1) Consists of transaction expenses related to M A, associated earn-outs, investor management fees in connection with the MSA, costs related to the preparation of the IPO, one-time public company transition expenses and fees associated with financing transactions. For the year ended December 31, 2021, IPO related expenses of 38.2 million included 16.8 million of contractual compensation payments to former executives (of which, 15.6 million was funded by certain stockholders), 7.5 million associated with the final settlement of fees in connection with the MSA and 13.9 million of professional fees and other related expenses. The year ended December 31, 2021 also includes 1.9 million in costs related to the acquisition of EBI, 1.4 million of earn-out and performance-based incentive payments associated with an acquisition in 2018 and 1.4 million of investor management fees in connection with the MSA, associated with the terms prior to the final settlement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, costs consisted primarily of 5.4 
 77 

Table of Contents 

million of one-time public company transition expenses and expenses related to our credit agreement refinancing , and 6.1 million related to M A activity for the acquisitions of EBI and Socrates. 
 
 (2) Consists of restructuring-related costs, including executive recruiting and severance charges, and lease termination costs and disposal of fixed assets related to our real estate consolidation efforts. During 2020, we executed an extensive restructuring program, significantly strengthening our management team and creating a client facing industry-specific Vertical organization. This program was completed by the end of 2020 and the final costs related to this program were incurred through the first quarter of 2021. Beginning in 2020, we began executing a virtual-first strategy, closing offices and reducing office space globally. In 2022, we began executing on a restructuring program to realign senior leadership and functions with the goal of elevating our go-to-market strategy and accelerating our technology and product innovation. For the year ended December 31, 2021, costs include 0.5 million of restructuring-related executive recruiting and severance charges and 4.4 million of lease termination costs and write-offs on disposal of fixed assets related to our real estate consolidation program. For the year ended December 31, 2022, costs include approximately 6.9 million of restructuring-related severance and other charges. 
 
 (3) Includes costs related to technology modernization, as well as costs related to decommissioning of on-premise production systems and redundant fulfillment systems of acquired companies and the migration to our platform. We believe that these costs are discrete and non-recurring in nature, as they relate to a one-time restructuring and decommissioning of our on-premise production systems and corporate technological infrastructure and the move to a managed service provider, decommissioning redundant fulfillment systems and modernizing internal functional systems. As such, they are not normal, recurring operating expenses and are not reflective of ongoing trends in the cost of doing business. The significant majority of these are related to the last two phases of Project Ignite, a three-phase strategic investment initiative launched in 2019 to create a cloud-native enterprise-class global platform, with the remainder related to an investment made to modernize internal functional systems in preparation for our public company infrastructure. Phase two of Project Ignite was completed in 2022 and phase three of Project Ignite was substantially completed as of December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, investments related to Project Ignite were 12.7 million and 14.4 million, respectively. Additional investment made to modernize internal functional systems was 0.4 million in 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2.4 million related primarily to decommissioning of the on-premise production system and decommissioning of the redundant fulfillment system of EBI and migrating onto our platform. 
 
 (4) Consists of non-recurring settlements and the related legal fees impacting comparability. For the year ended December 31, 2021, costs include 0.5 million incurred in a settlement related to sales tax. For the year ended December 31, 2022, costs include legal settlements totaling 3.3 million, net of insurance recovery, for certain class action cases settled in the year. These sales tax costs and legal settlement related costs were discrete and non-recurring in nature, and we do not expect them to occur in future periods. 
 
 (5) Consists of loss (gain) on interest rate swaps. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest Rate Risk for additional information on interest rate swaps. 
 
 (6) Consists of costs related to a local government mandate in India, loss (gain) on foreign currency transactions, impairment of capitalized software and other costs outside of the ordinary course of business. The following table summarizes these costs for the periods presented: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2021 2022 Other Government mandate Loss (gain) on foreign currency transactions 1,425 (294) Impairment of capitalized software 219 183 Duplicate fulfillment charges (521) Total 1,123 (111) 
 78 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the calculation of Net (Loss) Income Margin and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 (dollars in thousands) Net (loss) income (18,527) 19,410 Adjusted EBITDA 179,184 198,503 Revenues 641,884 766,782 Net (Loss) Income Margin (2.9) 2.5 Adjusted EBITDA margin 27.9 25.9 
 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share 
 Adjusted Net Income increased by 15.5 , or 14.3 million, from 92.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 106.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The increase was primarily due to the increase in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 and IPO-related expenses included in the prior period. 
 Adjusted Earnings Per Share basic increased by 10.8 , or 0.11, from 1.02 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.13 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Adjusted Earnings Per Share diluted increased by 11.3 , or 0.11, from 0.97 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.08 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The increase in Adjusted Earnings Per Share basic and Adjusted Earnings Per Share diluted was primarily due to the increase in Adjusted Net Income. 
 The following tables reconcile net (loss) income, the most directly comparable US GAAP measure, to Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Net (loss) income (18,527) 19,410 Income tax (benefit) provision (10,461) 8,706 (Loss) income before income taxes (28,988) 28,116 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 52,777 48,783 Stock-based compensation 32,580 23,805 Loss on extinguishment of debt 3,673 Transaction expenses (1) 
 43,046 11,493 Restructuring (2) 
 4,915 9,024 Technology Transformation (3) 
 13,088 16,794 Settlements impacting comparability (4) 
 468 3,319 Loss (gain) on interest rate swaps (5) 
 31 (297) Other (6) 
 1,123 (111) Adjusted Net Income before income tax effect 119,040 144,599 Income tax effect (7) 
 26,808 38,054 Adjusted Net Income 92,232 106,545 Net (Loss) Income per share-diluted (0.21) 0.20 Adjusted Earnings Per Share-basic 1.02 1.13 Adjusted Earnings Per Share-diluted 0.97 1.08 
 _______________________________ 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

(1) Consists of transaction expenses related to M A, associated earn-outs, investor management fees, costs related to the preparation of the IPO, one-time public company transition expenses and fees associated with financing transactions. 
 (2) Consists of restructuring-related costs, including executive recruiting and severance charges, and lease termination costs and disposal of fixed assets related to our real estate consolidation efforts. During 2020, we executed an extensive restructuring program, significantly strengthening our management team and creating a client facing industry-specific Vertical organization. This program was completed by the end of 2020 and the final costs related to this program were incurred through the first quarter of 2021. Beginning in 2020, we began executing a virtual-first strategy, closing offices and reducing office space globally. In 2022, we began executing on a restructuring program to realign senior leadership and functions with the goal of elevating our go-to-market strategy and accelerating our technology and product innovation. 
 (3) Includes costs related to technology modernization and acquisition-related technology integration and migration efforts. We believe that these costs are discrete and non-recurring in nature, as they relate to a one-time restructuring and decommissioning of our on-premise production systems and corporate technological infrastructure and the move to a managed service provider, decommissioning redundant fulfillment systems, and modernizing internal functional systems. As such, they are not normal, recurring operating expenses and are not reflective of ongoing trends in the cost of doing business. The significant majority of these are related to the last two phases of Project Ignite, with the remainder related to an investment made to modernize internal functional systems in preparation for our public company infrastructure. 
 (4) Consists of non-recurring settlements and the related legal fees impacting comparability. 
 (5) Consists of loss (gain) on interest rate swaps. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest Rate Risk for additional information on interest rate swaps. 
 (6) Consists of costs related to a local government mandate in India, (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions, impairment of capitalized software and other costs outside of the ordinary course of business. The following table summarizes these costs for the periods presented: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2021 2022 Other Government mandate (Gain) Loss on foreign currency transactions 1,425 (294) Impairment of capitalized software 219 183 Duplicate fulfillment charges (521) Total 1,123 (111) 

(7) Normalized effective tax rates of 22.5 and 26.3 have been used to compute Adjusted Net Income for the 2021 and 2022 periods, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 16.3 million for federal income tax purposes and deferred tax assets of approximately 6.3 million related to state and foreign income tax loss carryforwards available to reduce future income subject to income taxes. The amount of actual cash taxes we pay for federal, state, and foreign income taxes differs significantly from the effective income tax rate computed in accordance with US GAAP, and from the normalized rate shown above. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles net (loss) income per share, the most directly comparable US GAAP measure, to Adjusted Earnings Per Share for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2021 2022 Net (loss) income (18,527) 19,410 Undistributed losses allocated to stockholders (18,527) 19,410 Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic 90,218,386 94,052,435 Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted 90,218,386 98,866,004 Net (loss) income per share basic (0.21) 0.21 Net (loss) income per share diluted (0.21) 0.20 Adjusted Net Income 92,232 106,545 Less: Undistributed amounts allocated to participating securities Undistributed earnings allocated to stockholders 92,232 106,545 Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic 90,218,386 94,052,435 Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted 95,082,550 98,866,004 Adjusted earnings per share - basic 1.02 1.13 Adjusted earnings per share - diluted 0.97 1.08 

The following table presents the calculation of Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Net (loss) income per share diluted (0.21) 0.20 Adjusted Net Income adjustments per share Income tax (benefit) provision (0.11) 0.09 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 0.56 0.49 Stock-based compensation 0.34 0.24 Loss on extinguishment of debt 0.04 Transaction expenses (1) 
 0.46 0.12 Restructuring (2) 
 0.05 0.09 Technology Transformation (3) 
 0.14 0.17 Settlements impacting comparability (4) 
 0.01 0.03 Loss on interest rate swaps (5) 
 (0.01) Other (6) 
 0.01 Income tax effect (7) 
 (0.28) (0.38) Adjusted earnings per share - diluted 0.97 1.08 Weighted average number of shares outstanding used in computation of Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share: Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted (GAAP) 90,218,386 98,866,004 Options not included in weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted (GAAP) (using treasury stock method) 4,864,164 Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted (non-GAAP) (using treasury stock method) 95,082,550 98,866,004 
 81 

Table of Contents 

_______________________________ 
 
 (1) Consists of transaction expenses related to M A, associated earn-outs, investor management fees, costs related to the preparation of the IPO, one-time public company transition expenses and fees associated with financing transactions. 
 
 (2) Consists of restructuring-related costs, including executive recruiting and severance charges, and lease termination costs and disposal of fixed assets related to our real estate consolidation efforts. During 2020, we executed an extensive restructuring program, significantly strengthening our management team and creating a client facing industry-specific Vertical organization. This program was completed by the end of 2020 and the final costs related to this program were incurred through the first quarter of 2021. Beginning in 2020, we began executing a virtual-first strategy, closing offices and reducing office space globally. In 2022, we began executing on a restructuring program to realign senior leadership and functions with the goal of elevating our go-to-market strategy and accelerating our technology and product innovation. 
 
 (3) Includes costs related to technology modernization and acquisition-related technology integration and migration efforts. We believe that these costs are discrete and non-recurring in nature, as they relate to a one-time restructuring and decommissioning of our on-premise production systems and corporate technological infrastructure and the move to a managed service provider, decommissioning redundant fulfillment systems, and modernizing internal functional systems. As such, they are not normal, recurring operating expenses and are not reflective of ongoing trends in the cost of doing business. The significant majority of these are related to the last two phases of Project Ignite, with the remainder related to an investment made to modernize internal functional systems in preparation for our public company infrastructure. 
 
 (4) Consists of non-recurring settlements and the related legal fees impacting comparability. 
 
 (5) Consists of loss (gain) on interest rate swaps. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest Rate Risk for additional information on interest rate swaps. 
 
 (6) Consists of costs related to a local government mandate in India, (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions, impairment of capitalized software and other costs outside of the ordinary course of business. The following table summarizes these costs for the periods presented: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2021 2022 Other Government mandate (Gain) Loss on foreign currency transactions 1,425 (294) Impairment of capitalized software 219 183 Duplicate fulfillment charges (521) Total 1,123 (111) 
 (7) Normalized effective tax rates of 22.5 and 26.3 have been used to compute Adjusted Net Income for the 2021 and 2022 periods, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 16.3 million for federal income tax purposes and deferred tax assets of approximately 6.3 million related to state and foreign income tax loss carryforwards available to reduce future income subject to income taxes. The amount of actual cash taxes we pay for federal, state, and foreign income taxes differs significantly from the effective income tax rate computed in accordance with US GAAP, and from the normalized rate shown above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs to meet operating expenses, debt 
 82 

Table of Contents 

service, acquisitions, capital expenditures, other commitments and contractual obligations. We consider liquidity in terms of cash flows from operations and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. 
 Our primary cash needs are for day-to-day operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditures for ongoing development of our technological offering and other mandatory payments such as taxes, and debt principal and interest obligations. Our liquidity needs are met primarily through cash flows from operations, which include cash received from customers less cash costs related to our operations. 
 Our capital expenditures can vary depending on the timing of the development of new products and services and technological enhancement-related investments. Capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 were approximately 19.1 million and 20.2 million, respectively, primarily related to capitalizable software development. 
 We believe that our projected cash position and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, our future liquidity requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors. For example, any future investments, acquisitions, joint ventures or other similar transactions may require additional capital. In addition, our ability to continue to meet our future liquidity requirements will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenues and cash flows from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully, all of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. In the event we require any additional capital, it will take the form of equity or debt financing, or both, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 As of December 31, 2021 , we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 48.0 million. On November 1, 2021, we utilized the net proceeds from the IPO and cash on hand to repay 100.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the First Lien Term Loan. On November 30, 2021, we used available cash of 66.3 million in connection with our purchase of EBI. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 103.1 million. 
 
 Our total principal amount of indebtedness outstanding was 505.5 million under our 2022 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 . All cash and cash equivalents are held with independent financial institutions with a minimum credit rating of A as defined by the three main credit rating agencies. As of December 31, 2022 , all cash and cash equivalents were held in accounts with banks such that the funds are immediately available or in fixed term deposits with a maximum maturity of three months. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 On November 29, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (the Borrower ), a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a credit agreement (the 2022 Credit Agreement by and among the Borrower, as borrower, Sterling Intermediate Corp. Parent ), KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), certain guarantors party thereto (the Guarantors and the lenders party thereto. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement provides for aggregate principal borrowings of 700.0 million, comprised of 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of term loans (the Term Loans and a 400.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility mature on November 29, 2027. 
 Amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest under either of the following two rates, elected in advance by the Borrower: (1) a base rate (equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the one-month adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR rate plus 1 ); or (2) an adjusted term SOFR rate (equal to the sum of (a) term SOFR plus (b) 0.10 ), in each case, plus a tiered floating interest rate margin based on the net leverage ratio of the Borrower and its subsidiaries. Interest on adjusted term SOFR borrowings is payable on the last business day of the one, three or six-month interest period selected by the Borrower (except in the case of a six-month election, in which case it is payable on the last business day of the third and sixth month). Interest on base rate borrowings is payable on the last business day of each quarter. The applicable interest rate at December 31, 2022 was 6.76 . 
 We, as borrower, will pay a quarterly unused commitment fee at a rate per annum ranging from 0.20 to 0.30 , on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility based on the net leverage ratio of the Borrower and its subsidiaries. We can use available funding capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility to issue letters of 
 83 

Table of Contents 

credit, subject to a sublimit equal to the lesser of 40.0 million and amounts available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The Term Loans amortize quarterly in the following amounts: 1.875 million per quarter (for the first four full quarters ending after the Closing Date), 3.75 million per quarter (for the next eight quarters) and 5.625 million per quarter (for the next seven quarters). 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to: incur certain additional indebtedness; transfer money between various subsidiaries; pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions with respect to subsidiaries capital stock or make other restricted payments; issue stock of subsidiaries; make certain investments, loans or advances; transfer and sell certain assets; create or permit liens on assets; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and amend certain documents. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require us to comply with (a) a maximum net leverage ratio of 4.00:1.00 (which may be increased to 4.50:1.00 for four quarters if the Borrower and its subsidiaries consummate acquisitions during any 6-month period for which the total aggregate cash consideration is greater than or equal to 75.0 million) and (b) a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00:1.00. Both financial covenants are tested quarterly. Since origination, we have been in compliance with all covenants under the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 The Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility (and related revolving borrowings) are guaranteed by Parent and all of our material wholly owned domestic subsidiaries. Obligations under the 2022 Credit Agreement are collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of our assets and outstanding capital stock of our material domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. The 2022 Credit Agreement also contains various events of default, including, without limitation, the failure to pay interest or principal when the same is due, cross default and cross acceleration provisions, the failure of representations and warranties contained therein to be true and certain insolvency events. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the principal amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owed thereunder, may be declared immediately due and payable by the lenders. 
 The net proceeds of the Term Loans, together with borrowings of approximately 223.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility, were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness, including accrued and unpaid interest, in an aggregate amount of approximately 513.9 million, under that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated June 19, 2015 (as amended, the 2015 Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, and to pay related fees and expenses. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement totaled 505.5 million and we had 194.5 million of capacity remaining under the Revolving Credit Facility and outstanding letters of credit in the amount of 0.7 million. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents a summary and comparison of our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods presented: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 68,605 104,263 Net cash used in investing activities (85,376) (20,136) Net cash used in financing activities (1,087) (25,939) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (777) (3,091) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (18,635) 55,097 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 66,633 47,998 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 47,998 103,095 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 68.6 million and reflected the adjustment to net loss for non-cash charges totaling 91.6 million, primarily driven by 82.1 million of depreciation and amortization (including 52.1 million of acquired intangible asset amortization), 32.6 million of stock-based compensation, 3.3 million for amortization of debt discount, 3.3 million of impairment of long-lived assets and 1.2 million of provision for bad debt, partially offset by 22.0 million in deferred income taxes, 7.4 million related to changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and 1.6 million in deferred rent. Changes in operating assets and liabilities reduced cash provided by operating activities by 3.3 million for the year. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 104.3 million and reflected the adjustment to net income for non-cash charges totaling 94.6 million, primarily driven by 73.1 million of depreciation and amortization (including 48.8 million of acquired intangible asset amortization), 23.8 million of stock-based compensation expense and a 3.7 million loss on the extinguishment of debt, partially offset by 4.1 million related to changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and an u nrealized translation gain on investment in foreign subsidiaries of 2.3 million and 3.3 million in deferred income taxes. Changes in operating assets and liabilities reduced cash provided by operating activities by 9.8 million for the year. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was 85.4 million and 20.1 million, respectively. Net cash used in investing activities decreased primarily due to the acquisition of EBI during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of 66.3 million of cash used for the acquisition of EBI in addition to 15.9 million of investment in capitalized software development and 3.2 million in computer hardware and other property, plant and equipment. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of 15.7 million of investment in capitalized software development and 4.5 million in computer hardware and other property, plant and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was 1.1 million and 25.9 million, respectively. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 113.1 million of repayments of long-term debt coupled with the payment of 7.9 million of IPO costs offset by 102.6 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock in the IPO and a 15.6 million capital contribution from certain stockholders to fund a contractual compensation payment to former executives. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 14.0 million of common stock repurchases and 510.3 million of repayments of long-term debt, repayment of revolving credit facility borrowings of 17.5 million and the payment of 9.1 million of debt issuance costs offset by proceeds from Term Loans and Revolving Credit Facility borrowings of 300.0 million and 223.0 million, respectively, in connection with our credit agreement refinancing in November 2022. 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow was roughly flat for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of higher operating income offset by increased cash tax and interest payments. 
 The following table reconciles net cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable US GAAP measure, to Adjusted Free Cash Flow for the periods presented: 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2021 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 68,605 104,263 Total IPO adjustments (1) 
 34,777 Purchases of intangible assets and capitalized software (15,860) (15,689) Purchase of property and equipment (3,234) (4,498) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 84,288 84,076 
 ______________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes one-time, cash, non-operating expenses related to the IPO. Costs included are 16.8 million of contractual compensation payments to former executives, of which 15.6 million was funded by certain stockholders, 7.5 million of a final settlement of investor management fees in connection with the Fourth Amended and Restated Management services agreement, and 10.5 million related primarily to professional fees and other expenses. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations for outstanding debt and leases for our office spaces. For additional information, see Note 8, Leases and Note 9, Debt to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. However, we operate in an industry that is subject to intense competition, government regulation and rapid technological change. Our operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial, operational, technological, regulatory, foreign operations, and other risks. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 The most significant accounting estimates involve a high degree of judgment or complexity. Management believes the estimates and judgments most critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and to the understanding of our reported financial results are described below. Such are determined to involve critical accounting estimates because they are particularly dependent on assumptions and estimates made by management about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on our accounting policies. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net and Impairment 
 We record the excess of purchase price over fair value of net assets of acquired entities as goodwill. Management relies on numerous assumptions and estimates in determining fair value of acquired entities and significant changes in such estimates could yield materially different results when determining goodwill. 
 Our goodwill is predominantly the result of the acquisition of Sterling by our Sponsor on June 19, 2015. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 21.7 million of goodwill related to the acquisition of EBI on November 30, 2021 based on the preliminary purchase price allocation. 
 Definite-lived intangible assets consist of intangibles acquired through acquisition and the costs of developing internal-use software and are reported net of amortization. Such are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Customer lists are amortized using an accelerated method of amortization. Cost 
 86 

Table of Contents 

of acquisition, renewal and extension of intangible assets are capitalized. There are no significant renewal or extension provisions associated with our intangible assets. We have no indefinite-lived intangible assets. The costs of developing internal-use software are capitalized during the application development stage and are included in Intangible assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization commences when the software is placed into service and is computed using the straight-line method over the useful life of the underlying software of three years. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 56.0 million for customer relationships, 0.8 million for a non-compete agreement and 2.1 million for trademarks related to the acquisition of EBI. For purposes of estimating the fair value of customer relationships, the non-compete agreement and the trademarks, management and a third-party valuation firm considered the prospective income- and cash-generating capability of the assets and determined that the multi-period excess earnings method of the income approach, the avoided loss of income method of the income approach and relief-from-royalty method of the income approach were the most appropriate methods to determine the fair value for the respective intangible assets. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each calendar year or when certain triggering events require additional testing. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. We performed qualitative assessments of goodwill during the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2022 and based on the results of these assessments, there were no reporting units at risk of having a carrying value in excess of the fair value. Should conditions change which impact fair value and the factors that determine the need for impairment, there is a possibility that we could recognize impairment in future periods. Materially incorrect estimates of fair value could cause an impairment to goodwill and potentially result in a loss of profitability. 
 Based on a quantitative assessment of the carrying values of capitalized software costs and property and equipment no longer in use due to office closures, we recorded an impairment loss in the amount of 3.3 million and 1.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in various foreign currencies against our functional currency, the U.S. dollar USD ). Specifically, we are exposed to third-party expenses denominated in Indian rupees INR ). As such, we historically have entered into, and plan to enter into in the future, foreign currency forward agreements to manage our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations between the USD and INR exchange rate. Additionally, we are exposed to variability in expected future cash outflows on variable rate debt attributable to changes in reference rates. As such, we historically have entered into, and plan to enter into in the future, interest rate swaps to economically offset a portion of this risk. 
 We record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of our risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or we elect not to apply hedge accounting. 
 As the prices of the hedged commodity moves in reaction to market trends and information, our statement of operations will be affected depending on the impact such market movements have on the value of our derivative instruments. Depending on market movements, exchange rates and changes in reference rates, these price protection positions may cause immediate adverse effects, but are expected to protect the Company over the term of the contracts for the hedged amounts. 
 Business Combinations 
 The Company records business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). Under the acquisition method of accounting, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their acquisition-date fair value. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value is recorded as goodwill. Changes in the estimated fair values of net assets recorded for acquisitions based on management s best estimates may result in adjustments to the amount of purchase price 
 87 

Table of Contents 

allocable to goodwill. Measurement period adjustments are reflected in the period in which they occur and may be made up to one year subsequent to the acquisition date should new information become available. 
 The Company utilizes variations of the income approach, which relies on historical financial and qualitative information, as well as assumptions and estimates for projected financial information, to value acquired trade names, customer lists and software developed for internal use. 

Emerging Growth Company 
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2021 permits us, as an emerging growth company, to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for private companies. 
 We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of (a) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (b) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the IPO; (c) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (d) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur as of the last day of a fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year, which threshold was not exceeded as of June 30, 2022. 

Recent Accounting Standard Updates 
 Refer to Note 3, Recent Accounting Standards Updates of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 Foreign Currency and Derivative Risk 
 We from time to time enter into foreign currency options and forward contracts to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on expected future cash outlays to fund our fulfillment centers. We hedge our INR denominated expenses through foreign exchange contracts. These contracts were designated as cash flow hedges and qualified for hedge accounting under US GAAP. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized over the life of the hedge on a systematic and rational basis. The earnings recognition of excluded components is also presented in the same line of the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we did not have any outstanding USD-INR foreign currency forward contracts. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, there was a gain of 0.3 million related to the excluded components of the hedged transaction, which was reclassified into cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Recognized realized net gains from remeasurement of foreign currency forward contracts were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we had accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses, of 127.9 million and 139.6 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, no single client accounted for more than 3 of our revenue. No single client had an accounts receivable balance greater than 3 of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021 or 2022. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk is influenced by the changes in interest rates paid on any outstanding balance on our borrowings, under our 2015 Credit Agreement through November 2022 and under our 2022 Credit Agreement subsequent to the refinancing. Our first lien term loan accrued interest at either (1) an applicable rate of 2.5 plus the greater of (a) the prime rate or (b) the federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1 (c) the one-month LIBOR plus 1 , or (d) a 2 floor; (2) an applicable rate of 3.5 plus one-month LIBOR which is subject to a 1 floor. Amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest under either of the following two rates, elected in advance by us: (1) a base rate (equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the one-month adjusted term SOFR rate plus 1 ); or (2) an adjusted term SOFR rate (equal to the sum of (a) term SOFR plus (b) 0.10 ), in each case, plus a tiered floating interest rate margin based on the net leverage ratio. Our borrowings as of December 31, 2021 accrued interest at 4.5 , based on an applicable rate of 3.5 plus LIBOR rate floor of 1 as per (2) above with respect to the 2015 Credit Agreement. Our borrowings as of December 31, 2022 accrued interest at 6.76 based on an adjusted term SOFR rate (equal to the sum of (a) term SOFR plus (b) 0.10 plus a tiered floating interest rate margin based on our net leverage ratio. 
 We have historically hedged against changes in the interest rates through interest rate swaps and expect to do so in the future. As of December 31, 2022, we were not party to any outstanding interest rate swaps. On February 28, 2023, we entered into an amortizing 300.0 million notional value interest rate swap. The notional value steps down from 300.0 million to 150.0 million on February 27, 2026. The swap provides for us to pay, as applied to the notional value, a fixed rate of interest of 4.26 monthly and receive, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to the greater of the one-month term SOFR and a floor of (0.10 ), as applied to the notional value (the Floating Leg ). The interest rate swap matures on November 29, 2027. The interest expense related to the 2022 Credit Agreement will be offset by proceeds received from the Floating Leg of the interest rate swap. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 While inflation may impact our revenues and operating expenses, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition have not been significant. However, if inflation continues or worsens, it could negatively impact us by increasing our operating expenses. For example, inflation may lead to cost increases in multiple areas across our business, including the cost of labor. Further, inflation may also cause our customers to reduce their use of our products and services. To the extent that we are unable to pass on these costs through increased prices, revised budget estimates or offset them otherwise, or that we experience lower demand from our customers due to inflation, the rising rate of inflation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - Auditor Firm ID 
 91 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 92 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 
 96 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 98 

90 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sterling Check Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sterling Check Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity, and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2022. 

Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 March 2, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

STERLING CHECK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2021 2022 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively) 
 Insurance receivable Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Operating leases right-of-use asset Other noncurrent assets, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Litigation settlement obligation Accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Operating leases liability, current portion Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred income taxes Long-term operating leases liability, net of current portion Other liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 13) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 
 Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding) 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022) 
 Additional paid-in capital Common stock held in treasury shares and shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 , respectively) 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

STERLING CHECK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands except share and per share data) 2020 2021 2022 REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES: Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization below) Corporate technology and production systems Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Impairments of long-lived assets Total operating expenses OPERATING (LOSS) INCOME ) OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME): Interest expense, net Loss (gain) on interest rate swaps ) Other income ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Total other expense, net (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on hedged transactions, net of tax of , and respectively 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of , and ), respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ) ) Net (loss) income per share attributable to stockholders Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

93 

Table of Contents 

 STERLING CHECK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2020 2021 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operations Loss on extinguishment of debt Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Impairments of long-lived assets Provision for bad debts Amortization of financing fees Amortization of debt discount Deferred rent ) ) ) Unrealized translation gain on investment in foreign subsidiaries ) ) ) Changes in fair value of derivatives ) ) Excess payment on contingent consideration for acquisition ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Insurance receivable Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Litigation settlement obligation ) ) Accrued expenses ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of intangible assets and capitalized software ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from disposition of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock in IPO, net of underwriting discounts and commissions Payments of IPO issuance costs ) ) Capital contribution from certain stockholders Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from term loan borrowings Repayments of revolving credit facility ) ) Borrowings on revolving credit facility Payments of debt issuance costs ) Payment of contingent consideration for acquisition ) ) Payments of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for Interest, net of capitalized amounts of , and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, 
 respectively 
 Income taxes Offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Noncash investing activities Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses Noncash purchase price of business combinations 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

STERLING CHECK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) Shares Outstanding Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Common Shares Held In Treasury Common Stock Held in Treasury Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total BALANCE as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Common stock issued for exercise of employee-based stock options Issuance of common stock Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain on hedge transactions, net 
 of tax of 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net 
 of tax of 
 BALANCE as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Common stock issued for exercise of employee-based stock options Issuance of common stock Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of offering costs, underwriting discounts and commissions Issuance of common stock in connection with forgiveness of promissory notes Capital contribution from Stockholder Issuance of restricted shares, net of forfeitures and vesting ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on hedged transactions, net 
 of tax of 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net 
 of tax of 
 ) ) BALANCE as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) Shares Outstanding Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Common Shares Held In Treasury Common Stock Held in Treasury Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Common stock issued for exercise of employee stock options Issuance of common stock Issuance of restricted shares, net of forfeitures and vestings ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net income Cumulative effect adjustment for adoption of 
 CECL, net of tax of 
 ) ) Cumulative effect adjustment for tax impact of adoption of ASC 842 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of 
 tax of ) 
 ) ) BALANCE as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 STERLING CHECK CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 -for-1 split of its outstanding common stock. The stock split was effectuated such that (i) each then outstanding share of common stock was increased to shares; (ii) the number of shares of common stock into which then-outstanding options to purchase common stock is exercisable was proportionately increased; and (iii) the exercise price of each then-outstanding option to purchase common stock was proportionately reduced. The accompanying consolidated financial statements give retroactive effect as though the -for-1 stock split of the Company s common stock occurred for all periods presented. 
 The Company s final prospectus related to the initial public offering IPO of its common stock, par value per share common stock was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on September 24, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (the IPO Prospectus and the common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on September 23, 2021. On September 27, 2021, the Company completed its IPO of an aggregate of shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, pursuant to the IPO Prospectus. The Company sold shares and certain existing stockholders sold an aggregate of shares, including shares that were sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The Company received aggregate net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and other offering expenses of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is owned by an investment group consisting of entities advised by or affiliated with The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Goldman Sachs and Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec CDPQ ). CDPQ owns its equity interest in the Company indirectly through a limited partnership controlled by Goldman Sachs. 

2. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 to internally developed software assets. This is based on the historical observed pace of change in the Company s delivery, technology, and product offerings as well as market competition. The Company believes that the estimates used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are reasonable; however, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 Segment Information 
 operating and reportable segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker is its Chief Executive Officer, who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2022 , respectively, include money market instruments with maturities of three months or less. 
 The Company maintained cash outside the U.S. of approximately million as of December 31, 2021 , with the largest deposits being held in India and Canada, with balances of million and million, respectively. Cash outside the United States as of December 31, 2022, was million with the largest deposits being held in India and Canada, with balances of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Concentrations 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, no single customer comprised more than 10 of the Company s revenue. No single customer had an accounts receivable balance greater than 10 of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2021 or 2022. The Company performs a risk assessment of all new vendors. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, New York State Office of Court Administration NYOCA accounted for and of third-party vendor spend, respectively, and was the only vendor to account for more than 10 . As a government entity, NYOCA is considered a low risk of service disruption. 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 million and million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 , respectively. 
 The Company adopted the Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses CECL ), with an adoption date of January 1, 2022. As a result, the Company changed its accounting policy for allowance for credit losses and the policy pursuant to CECL is disclosed below. The adoption of CECL resulted in a million cumulative effect adjustment recorded in retained earnings as of January 1, 2022. 
 
 CECL requires an entity to utilize an impairment model to estimate its lifetime expected credit losses and record an allowance that, when deducted from the amortized cost basis of a financial asset, presents the net amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. 
 
 The Company maintains an allowance for expected credit losses in order to record accounts receivable at their net realizable value. Inherent in the assessment of the allowance for expected credit losses are certain judgments and estimates relating to, among other things, the Company s customers access to capital, customers willingness and ability to pay, general economic conditions and the ongoing relationship with 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Allowances for expected credit losses were million and million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 , respectively. 
 
 Cumulative effect of accounting change upon adoption of CECL Additions Write-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Balance at end of period 
 Property and Equipment, net 
 and computers and equipment are generally depreciated over a life of . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the expected lease term. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of an asset are charged to expense as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the related asset are capitalized. 
 Based on a quantitative assessment of the carrying values, the Company recorded an impairment loss related to abandonment of property and equipment no longer in use due to office closures in the amount of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill 
 million of goodwill related to the acquisition of Employment Background Investigations, Inc. EBI on November 30, 2021 based on the purchase price allocation (see Note 4, Acquisitions for additional information). 
 Based on the results of the qualitative assessments, impairment loss was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 . 
 
 Intangible Assets, net 
 . 
 Based on a quantitative assessment of the carrying values, the Company recorded an impairment loss related to abandonment of capitalized software costs in the amount of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 , respectively. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

101 

Table of Contents 

 Debt Issuance and Deferred Financing Costs 
 
 Foreign Currency 
 The cumulative translation adjustment was a loss of million and a loss of million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 , respectively. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 to days of the invoice. Any advanced payments received from customers are initially deferred and subsequently recognized as revenue as the related performance obligations are satisfied. There is typically no variable consideration related to the Company s contracts, nor do they include a significant financing component, non-cash consideration, or consideration payable to a customer. 
 For revenue arrangements containing multiple products or services, the Company accounts for the individual products or services as separate performance obligations if they are distinct, the product or service is separately identifiable from other terms in the contract, and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. If these criteria are not met, the promised products or services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. The Company allocates the contract price to each performance obligation based on the standalone selling prices of each distinct product or service in the contract. 
 The Company did not have any material contract liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 Sales taxes collected from customers are remitted to governmental authorities and are therefore excluded from revenues in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Corporate Technology and Production Systems 
 Development of platform and product initiatives Production support and maintenance Total production systems Corporate technology and production systems 
 Corporate information technology consists of salaries and benefits of personnel (including stock-based compensation expense) supporting internal operations such as information technology support and the maintenance of information security and business continuity functions. Also included are third-party costs including cloud computing costs that support the Company s corporate internal systems, software licensing and maintenance, telecommunications and other technology infrastructure costs. 
 Production systems costs consist of non-capitalizable personnel costs including contractor costs incurred for the development of platform and product initiatives and production support and maintenance. Platform and product initiatives facilitate the development of the Company s technology platform and the launch of new screening products. Production support and maintenance includes costs to support and maintain the technology underlying the Company s existing screening products and to enhance the ease of use of the 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 of revenue is processed through platforms hosted in the cloud. The Company incurred expenses related to phase two to complete the decommissioning of on-premises data centers for internal corporate technology infrastructure and migration to the cloud, which had been completed as of September 30, 2022. Phase three of Project Ignite is decommissioning of the platforms purchased over the prior ten years and the migration of the clients to one global platform. This third and final phase, which was substantially completed as of December 31, 2022, unified clients onto a single global platform. Any remaining future costs related to completing these initiatives will be included in corporate technology and production systems. 
 Advertising Costs 
 The Company incurred advertising expenses of million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 periods on the anniversary of the grant date, subject to the continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date, unless otherwise stated in an individual award agreement. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis for each award over the defined vesting period in cost of revenues, corporate, technology and production systems and selling, general and administrative expense in the statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 Estimated State Sales Taxes 
 million and million, respectively, were included in Other current liabilities on the balance sheet. These estimates include the liability for both uncollected sales tax and interest. The calculation of these estimates involves judgment and uncertainty regarding various state sales tax laws and there is a possibility that a particular state in which the Company has estimated a liability will disagree with the Company s assessment. It is also possible that a state in which the Company has determined it does not have a liability will disagree with such evaluation and assess a retroactive liability for uncollected sales tax. Based on the Company s assessment, it 
 104 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 
 
 Net (Loss) Income per Share 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 3. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 million and a lease liability of million upon adoption. The Company applied practical expedients provided in the standards update that allowed the Company, among other things, not to reassess contracts that commenced prior to the adoption. The Company also elected a policy not to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities related to short-term and immaterial leases. For additional information, see Note 8, Leases. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU No. 2016-13 . ASU No. 2016-13 requires an entity to utilize a CECL model to estimate its lifetime expected credit loss and record an allowance that, when deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset, presents the net amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. The CECL model is expected to result in more timely recognition of credit losses. ASU No. 2016-13 also requires new disclosures for financial assets measured at amortized cost, loans, and available-for-sale debt securities. As per the latest ASU No. 2020-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842), the FASB deferred the timelines for certain small public and private entities. The Company adopted the guidance as of January 1, 2022. The adoption of CECL resulted in a million cumulative effect adjustment recorded in retained earnings as of January 1, 2022. For additional information, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses . 
 In March 2020 and January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) ASU No. 2020-04 and ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope ASU No. 2021-01 ), respectively. These ASUs address concerns about the risk of cessation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and the identification of alternative reference rates. The amendments in ASU No. 2020-04 and ASU No. 2021-01 provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying US GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform. The amendments in ASU No. 2020-04 and ASU No. 2021-01 are elective. The cessation of the one-week and two-month LIBOR rates in December 2021 did not have any impact on the Company as such rates are not used. The Company considered, and ultimately agreed upon, an alternative reference rate as part of its recent entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement ahead of the cessation date of the one-month LIBOR rate after June 2023. For additional information, see Note 9, Debt. 

4. 
 
 million, consisting of million of cash and million of contingent consideration recorded at fair value. The contingent consideration is limited to a maximum of million of additional payments, to be determined based on actual future results. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of this contingent consideration totaled million and consisted of million for an earn-out payable after the acquisition based upon revenue retention and million payable throughout the year following the acquisition based on customer collections on receivables acquired. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of this contingent consideration totaled million and consisted of the million earn-out and million remaining payable throughout the year following the acquisition based on customer collections on acquired receivables. The Company recorded a preliminary allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 million reflecting the final determination of the post-closing adjustment of the purchase price in accordance with the purchase agreement with EBI, resulting in an adjusted purchase price of million. The receivable related to this adjustment was collected in February 2023. 
 
 Revenues and net earnings attributable to EBI for the year ended December 31, 2021 were immaterial to the Company s total operating results for such period. 
 
 The Company incurred approximately million of transaction expenses related to the acquisition of EBI during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The allocation of the purchase price is based on the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. 
 
 Other current assets Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Property and equipment Intangible assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other current liabilities Deferred tax liability ) Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill ) Total consideration ) 
 
 Goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to assembled workforce and expected synergies and is tax deductible in future years. Intangible assets acquired consist largely of customer lists in the amount of million to be amortized over years. The remaining intangible assets include trade names and a non-compete agreement, which will be amortized over and , respectively. 

107 

Table of Contents 

5. 
 Computers and equipment Leasehold improvements Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, depreciation expense on property and equipment was million, million and million, respectively. Write down of abandoned property and equipment no longer in use was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

6. 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Acquisition of EBI Goodwill at December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Acquisition of EBI - purchase price and measurement period adjustment ) Goodwill at December 31, 2022 
 There have been impairments of the recognized goodwill through December 31, 2022 . 
 Intangible Assets 
 - years 
 ) ) Trademarks - years 
 ) ) Non-compete agreement - years 
 ) ) Technology - years 
 ) ) Domain names - years 
 ) ) Favorable leases - years 
 ) ) ) 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 million and million of internal-use software, net of accumulated amortization, as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million of technology assets have not yet been put in service. 
 The Company capitalized costs to develop internal-use software included in technology of million in 2021 (consisting of internal costs of million and external costs of million) and of million in 2022 (consisting of internal costs of million and external costs of million). 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 , the Company recorded a write-down related to the impairment of capitalized software in the amount of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Amortization expense was million, million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 , respectively. Except for the customer lists, which are amortized utilizing an accelerated method, all other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the pattern in which economic benefits are consumed. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 7. 
 Accrued cost of revenues Accrued interest Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses 

8. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 million and a lease liability of million. 
 
 The Company determines if a contract is a lease or contains a lease at inception. Operating lease liabilities are measured, on each reporting date, based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the remaining lease term. The Company s leases generally do not provide an implicit rate and, therefore, the Company used the incremental borrowing rate of the former first lien term loan credit agreement of for leases entered into for the period prior to November 29, 2022. Operating lease assets are measured by adjusting the lease liability for lease incentives, initial direct costs incurred and asset impairments. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term with the operating lease asset reduced by the amount of the expense. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate a lease when they are reasonably certain to occur. 
 The Company leases real estate and equipment for use in its operations. The Company has operating leases with remaining lease terms ranging from months to months. 
 Sublease income ) Total net lease costs 

110 

Table of Contents 

 Operating leases ROU asset, net Operating leases liability - current Operating leases liability - long-term Total operating leases liability 
 Weighted average remaining lease term in years - operating leases Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 

9. 
 Term Loans Total current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 2015 First lien term loan, due June 19, 2024 at December 31, 2021) 
 Term Loans, due November 29, 2027 at December 31, 2022) 
 Revolving Credit Facility Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt, net 
 2022 Credit Agreement 
 On November 29, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (the Borrower ), a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a credit agreement (the 2022 Credit Agreement by and among the Borrower, as borrower, Sterling Intermediate Corp., KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), certain guarantors party thereto (the Guarantors and the lenders party thereto. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 million, comprised of million aggregate principal amount of term loans (the Term Loans and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility mature on November 29, 2027. 
 Amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest under either of the following two rates, elected in advance by the Borrower: (1) a base rate (equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the one-month adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR rate plus ); or (2) an adjusted term SOFR rate (equal to the sum of (a) term SOFR plus (b) ), in each case, plus a tiered floating interest rate margin based on the net leverage ratio of the Borrower. Interest on adjusted term SOFR borrowings is payable on the last business day of the one, three or six-month interest period selected by the Borrower (except in the case of a six-month election, in which case it is payable on the last business day of the third and sixth month). Interest on base rate borrowings is payable on the last business day of each quarter. The applicable interest rate at December 31, 2022 was . 
 The Borrower will pay a quarterly unused commitment fee at a rate per annum ranging from to , on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility based on the net leverage ratio of the Borrower and its subsidiaries. The Borrower can use available funding capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility to issue letters of credit, subject to a sublimit equal to the lesser of million and amounts available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there were million of letters of credit issued under the 2022 Credit Agreement to support office leases and additional capacity for letters of credit of million. 
 The Term Loans amortize quarterly in the following amounts: million per quarter (for the first four full quarters ending after the Closing Date), million per quarter (for the next eight quarters) and million per quarter (for the next seven quarters). 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the Borrower s ability to: incur certain additional indebtedness; transfer money between its various subsidiaries; pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions with respect to its subsidiaries capital stock or make other restricted payments; issue stock of subsidiaries; make certain investments, loans or advances; transfer and sell certain assets; create or permit liens on assets; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; enter into certain transactions with its affiliates; and amend certain documents. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require the Borrower to comply with (a) a maximum net leverage ratio of :1.00 (which may be increased to :1.00 for four quarters if the Borrower and its subsidiaries consummate acquisitions during any 6-month period for which the total aggregate cash consideration is greater than or equal to million) and (b) a minimum interest coverage ratio of :1.00. Both financial covenants are tested quarterly. 
 The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2022 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility (and related revolving borrowings) are guaranteed by Parent and all material wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of the Borrower. Obligations under the 2022 Credit Agreement are collateralized by a first lien on substantially all the assets and outstanding capital stock of the Borrower and its material domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. The 2022 Credit Agreement also contains various events of default, including, without limitation, the failure to pay interest or principal when the same is due, cross default and cross acceleration provisions, the failure of representations and warranties contained therein to be true and certain insolvency events. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the principal amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owed thereunder, may be declared immediately due and payable by the lenders. 
 The restricted net assets (as such term is used in Rule 4-08(e)(3) of Regulation S-X) of the subsidiaries of Sterling Check Corp. as parent company (the Parent exceed 25 of the consolidated net assets of the Parent. See Note 21, Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Only) for additional information. 
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, an affiliate of the owners of a majority of the Company s common stock, is a Co-Documentation Agent and lender under the 2022 Credit Agreement and received million fees in connection therewith. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 The net proceeds of the Term Loans, together with borrowings of approximately million under the Revolving Credit Facility, were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness, including accrued and unpaid interest, in an aggregate amount of approximately million, under our 2015 Credit Agreement, by and among the Borrower, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, and to pay related fees and expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt in the amount of million resulting from the credit agreement refinancing on November 29, 2022. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the Company s 2022 Credit Agreement was million as of December 31, 2022. This fair value was determined based on quoted prices in markets with similar instruments that are less active (Level 2 inputs as defined below) as an observable price of the 2022 Credit Agreement or similar liabilities is not readily available. 
 2015 Credit Agreement 
 
 The 2015 Credit Agreement provided for aggregate principal borrowings of million, comprised of a million term loan (the 2015 First Lien Term Loan and an million revolving credit facility (the 2015 Revolving Credit Facility ). On August 11, 2021, the Company entered into the Sixth Amendment to the 2015 First Lien Credit Agreement (the Sixth Amendment ). Pursuant to the Sixth Amendment, the aggregate amount of borrowings permitted by the 2015 Revolving Credit Facility automatically increased from million to million upon the consummation of the IPO and thus, the aggregate principal borrowings allowed under the Credit Agreement increased to million. 
 Amounts outstanding under the 2015 First Lien Term Loan bore interest using either of the following two options which were chosen quarterly in advance at the election of the borrower: (1) an applicable rate of plus the greater of (a) the prime rate or (b) the federal funds rate plus of 1 or (c) the one-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus , or (d) a floor; (2) an applicable rate of plus one-month LIBOR which was subject to a floor. The Company had the ability to choose the method of interest for a period of either one month, two months, three months or six months. Interest was payable on the last business day of the period selected except for the six-month period, where it was payable on the last day of the third and sixth month. As of December 31, 2021, borrowings under the 2015 First Lien Term Loan bore interest at . 
 The 2015 First Lien Term Loan required a million repayment of principal on the last business day of each March, June, September and December. Per the 2015 Credit Agreement, the Company was required to make a mandatory principal prepayment to the extent the Company had excess cash flow, as defined by the agreement, in any completed fiscal year. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the mandatory principal prepayment was million and was paid in April 2021. Per the terms of the 2015 First Lien Term Loan, there was mandatory principal prepayment required for the year ended December 31, 2021. On November 1, 2021, the Company utilized proceeds from the IPO and cash on hand to repay million of outstanding borrowings under the 2015 First Lien Term Loan. Additionally, in conjunction with principal repayment, the Company recognized the write-down of debt discount of million. Other than the required quarterly repayments, all outstanding principal was due at maturity on June 19, 2024. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 million to million upon the consummation of the IPO on September 23, 2021. 
 Amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility bore interest at a tiered floating interest rate based on the net leverage ratio of the borrower. The rate could be chosen monthly in advance at the election of the borrower, as follows: (1) an applicable rate of plus the greater of (a) the prime rate (b) the federal funds rate plus of 1 (c) the one-month LIBOR plus or (d) a floor or (2) an applicable rate of plus one-month LIBOR. In addition, there was a quarterly fee of or on the unused portion of the commitments based on the first lien net leverage ratio. Unused and therefore available borrowings under the 2015 Revolving Credit Facility, net of Letters of Credit (as defined below), were million as of December 31, 2021. The 2015 Revolving Credit Facility was to mature on the earlier of August 11, 2026 and December 31, 2023 unless, on or prior to December 31, 2023, the 2015 First Lien Term Loan had been refinanced with a final maturity date that is no earlier than February 11, 2027 or amended, modified or waived, such that the final maturity date of the 2015 First Lien Term Loan was no earlier than February 11, 2027. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, million of stand-by letters of credit Letters of Credit were issued under the 2015 Revolving Credit Facility to support office space leases. The 2015 Revolving Credit Facility had a sublimit for Letters of Credit equal to the lesser of million or the aggregate amount of the revolving credit commitments under the 2015 Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2021, the 2015 Revolving Credit Facility provided additional capacity for Letters of Credit of million. 
 The Company s 2015 Credit Agreement contained financial covenants and covenants that, among other things, restricted the Company s ability to: incur certain additional indebtedness; transfer money between its various subsidiaries; pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions with respect to its subsidiaries capital stock or make other restricted payments; issue stock of subsidiaries; make certain investments, loans or advances; transfer and sell certain assets; create or permit liens on assets; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; enter into certain transactions with its affiliates; and amend certain documents. The restricted net assets (as such term is used in Rule 4-08(e)(3) of Regulation S-X) of the subsidiaries of Sterling Check Corp. as parent company (the Parent exceed 25 of the consolidated net assets of the Parent. The ability of the Parent s operating subsidiaries to pay dividends may be restricted due to the terms of the 2015 First Lien Term Loan Agreement. See Note 21, Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Only) for additional information. The financial covenants also required that the Company remain within a specified leverage ratio of :1.00 once it drew down on or more of the 2015 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Obligations under the Company s 2015 Credit Agreement were collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of the assets and outstanding capital stock of the Company subject to exceptions. The Company s 2015 Credit Agreement also contained various events of default with respect to the indebtedness, including, without limitation, the failure to pay interest or principal when the same is due, cross default and cross acceleration provisions, the failure of representations and warranties contained in the agreements to be true and certain insolvency events. If an event of default was to occur and continue, the principal amounts outstanding thereunder, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owed thereunder, could be declared immediately due and payable by the lenders. 
 The estimated fair value of the Company s 2015 First Lien Term Loan was million as of December 31, 2021. This fair value was determined based on quoted prices in markets with similar instruments that are less active (Level 2 inputs as defined below) as an observable price of the 2015 First Lien Term Loan or similar liabilities is not readily available. 
 
 10. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Contingent consideration - acquisition of EBI 
 The following table presents information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and their assigned levels within the valuation hierarchy as of December 31, 2022: 
 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Liabilities Contingent consideration - acquisition of EBI 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company did not re-measure any financial assets or liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. There were no transfers between levels for the periods presented. 

11. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2022 million USD 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did have any outstanding derivatives that were not designated as a hedge in qualifying hedge relationships. 
 All financial derivative instruments are carried at their fair value on the balance sheet. 
 
 Other current liabilities Interest rate swaps Other liabilities Other liabilities Total interest rate swaps 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign exchange contracts ) Selling general and administrative Total ) Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 Derivatives in Hedging Relationships Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative (Excluded Component) Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Excluded Component) Cost of revenues Foreign exchange contracts Selling general and administrative Total 
 Gain or (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Foreign exchange contracts: Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income Amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized in earnings) ) Foreign exchange contracts Selling, general and administrative Foreign exchange contracts Cost of revenues Total ) 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 12. ) ) International Total (loss) income before income taxes ) ) 
 
 US State International Total current income tax provision Deferred income tax provision (benefit): US Federal ) ) ) US State ) ) ) International ) ) Total deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Total income tax (benefit) provision ) ) ) ) International Total (loss) income before income taxes ) ) US Federal statutory rate Income taxes computed at US Federal statutory rate 
 ) ) Tax impact of foreign operations 
 ) Tax credits 
 ) ) ) Non-deductible transaction related costs 
 Non-deductible compensation 
 Stock-based compensation ) State taxes, net of Federal effect 
 ) ) ) U.S. Return to provision and deferred tax adjustments 
 ) Uncertain tax positions 
 ) Change in valuation allowance 
 Amended tax returns ) Other permanent differences 
 Total income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required by U.S. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the TCJA, significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. The U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service, and other standard-setting bodies will continue to interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the TCJA will be applied or otherwise administered. The Company continues to make adjustments to amounts that it has previously 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million is deemed to be indefinitely reinvested. 
 Deferred income taxes are provided for the effects of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts recognized for income tax purposes. 
 Tax credits 
 Accounts receivable, accrued expenses 
 and reserves 
 Interest expense 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Hedges, swaps and other unrealized 
 losses 
 ROU lease liability Other Total deferred tax assets, gross 
 Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Intangibles 
 ) ) Property and equipment 
 ) ) ROU lease asset ) Prepaid expenses 
 ) ) Capitalized commissions 
 ) ) Outside basis difference in subsidiaries 
 ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred liabilities 
 ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities, net 
 ) ) ) ) Additions of deferred income tax expense ) ) ) Reductions of deferred income tax expense Ending balance ) ) ) 

The Company regularly evaluates the ability to realize the benefit of its net deferred tax assets. The Company weighs positive and negative evidence concerning the realizability of the Company s deferred tax assets in each jurisdiction. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers the weight attributable to both positive and negative evidence that can be objectively verified. On the basis of this limitation, the Company maintains a valuation allowance of million at December 31, 2022. The valuation allowance is primarily attributable to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitations related to certain acquired net operating losses. The Company considered the existence of a cumulative loss as of December 31, 2022 as a significant 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 million of US federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs ), of which million expire between 2026 and 2031 and million that do not expire. The Company has a million deferred tax asset for U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards that have various expiration periods from 2023 to 2040 in addition to net operating loss carryforwards that do not expire. The Company has million of deferred tax asset for foreign net operating loss carryforwards that do not expire. 
 A portion of the U.S. (federal and state) operating loss carryforwards and credits are subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 or similar provisions. The gross NOLs for tax return purposes are different from financial statement NOLs as the Company s intention is to settle additional income taxes from tax contingencies with the net operating loss carryforwards. The other tax credit carryforwards expire between 2028 and 2042. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance on million related to its NOLs as of December 31, 2022. 
 Increases prior year tax positions Decreases prior year tax positions ) ) Increases current year tax positions Gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31 
 
 The balances of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 are million and million, respectively, of which million and million represent the amounts that, if recognized, impact the effective income tax rate in future periods. 
 
 The Company accrued million and million for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions including Australia, Canada, India, Philippines and the United Kingdom, and is not currently under examination by the taxing authorities. The Company s U.S. tax returns are subject to examinations for open tax years beginning in 2018. The Company s foreign jurisdiction tax returns are subject to examinations for open tax years beginning in 2013. Significant judgment is required in evaluating the Company s tax positions and determining its provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Company establishes reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves are established when the Company believes that certain positions might be challenged despite the belief that the Company s tax return positions are fully supportable. The Company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the outcome of tax audits. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate. 
 
 The Company estimates that it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 will increase by approximately million in the next twelve months. These unrecognized tax benefits relate to research and development credits as well as state income tax liabilities. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law. The IRA establishes a 15 corporate minimum tax effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022 for domestic corporations with average annual adjusted financial statement income that exceeds 1.0 billion over a three-year period, and imposes a 1 excise tax on the repurchase after December 31, 2022 of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations. The Company currently does not expect the tax-related provisions of the IRA to have a material impact on the Company s financial results. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 million over installments after the completion of each respective period. For fiscal year 2021, million was earned and was paid to the former stockholder in September 2021. further earn-out amounts are payable under the purchase agreement. 
 
 Former Executive Compensation Payment 
 
 Pursuant to an agreement between a stockholder, founder and former chief executive officer, together with trusts for the benefit of his children, (the Trusts ), and another stockholder and former executive of the Company, proceeds from the sale of certain shares in the IPO by the Trusts were paid to such former executive in full settlement of obligations between them in accordance with a prior agreement entered into in 2015 in connection with the acquisition of the Company by Goldman Sachs and CDPQ. This resulted in a one-time million deemed non-cash compensation expense to the Company, which was recognized within selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2021. The withholding and payroll taxes paid by the Company that were associated with this payment between the stockholders were funded entirely by the Trusts and there was no cash impact to the Company from this arrangement. The cash paid out to the former executive was recorded within cash flows from operating activities with the equal amount received from the stockholder recorded within cash flows from financing, within the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

14. 
 -for-1 split of its outstanding common stock. The stock split was effectuated such that (i) each outstanding share of common stock was increased to shares; (ii) the number of shares of common stock into which then-outstanding options to purchase common stock is exercisable was proportionately increased; and (iii) the exercise price of each then-outstanding option to purchase common stock was proportionately reduced. No fractional share amounts resulted from the split. The accompanying consolidated financial statements give retroactive effect as though the -for-1 stock split of the Company s common stock occurred for all periods presented. Under the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, a total of shares of all classes of stock are authorized, divided as follows: 
 (i) shares of common stock, par value per share; and 
 (ii) shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value per share preferred stock ). 
 The board of directors is authorized, to the fullest extent permitted by law, by resolution or resolutions, to provide, out of the unissued shares of preferred stock, for one or more series of preferred stock and, with respect to each such series, to fix, without further stockholder approval, the designation of such series, the powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such series of preferred stock and the number of shares of such series, which number the board of directors may, except where otherwise provided in the designation of such series, increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of preferred stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding). The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each series of preferred stock, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. 
 Each holder of record of common stock, as such, shall have vote for each share of common stock that is outstanding in his, her or its name on the books of the Company on all matters on which holders of common stock are entitled to vote generally; provided, however, to the fullest extent permitted by law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall have no voting power with respect to, and shall not be entitled to vote on, any amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series of preferred stock are entitled, either separately or together 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 million of the Company s shares of common stock over a period through December 31, 2024. The share repurchase program is being executed on a discretionary basis through open market repurchases, private transactions, or other transactions, including through block trades and Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and amount of any share repurchases will be subject to several factors including share price, trading volume, market conditions and capital allocation priorities. The share repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified without notice at any time. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for million. 

15. 

122 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate technology and production systems Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Prior to the IPO, all share-based awards were issued to employees under the Company s 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ). Upon the adoption of the Sterling Check Corp. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2021 Equity Plan on August 4, 2021 and as of September 22, 2021, all newly granted share-based awards have been issued under the 2021 Equity Plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash stock-based compensation expense, consisting of approximately million related to non-qualified stock options NQSOs ), million related to restricted stock, and approximately million related to restricted stock units RSUs ), all of which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 The Company s 2015 Plan made available for grant shares of common stock in the form of non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units (collectively, service-based awards) to non-employee directors, officers, employees, advisors and consultants selected by the Company s Compensation Committee of the board of directors for participation in the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan, as amended, also made available performance-based stock options PSOs to senior executives and directors of the Company, which would only vest upon a change in control or public offering. The 2015 Plan provided for accelerated vesting of outstanding service-based vesting stock options SVOs in the event of a change in control and provided for accelerated vesting of PSOs in the event of a change in control or an initial public offering and included non-discretionary anti-dilution provisions in the event of an equity restructuring. 
 On August 4, 2021, the Company amended each option outstanding under the 2015 Plan to (i) accelerate vesting upon an initial public offering and (ii) permit each option to be exercised following termination for any reason for the period set forth in the applicable award agreement or, if longer, an extended post-termination exercise period that would end on the date that is following the second anniversary of the effective date of the initial public offering, provided that if such date falls during a blackout period, the post-termination exercise period will be extended until the date that is after the commencement of the Company s next open trading window. In connection with the option agreement amendments, the option holders agreed that any shares of common stock acquired by such individuals upon exercise of any options outstanding under the 2015 plan (the LTIP Option Shares will be subject to the following transfer restrictions, in addition to any other lock-up restrictions, securities trading policies, and other limitations to which such individuals may be subject: (i) the holder will be able to transfer up to of the LTIP Option Shares at any time after following the effectiveness of the registration statement of which the IPO Prospectus formed a part (or such earlier time as the transfer restrictions expire under the lock-up agreements described in the IPO Prospectus under Shares Eligible for Future Sale Lock-up Agreements but prior to the first anniversary of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which the IPO Prospectus formed a part; (ii) on or after the first anniversary but prior to the second anniversary of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which the IPO Prospectus formed a part, the holder will be able to transfer up to of the LTIP Option Shares (reduced by any of the LTIP Option Shares sold prior to the first anniversary) and (iii) on or after the second anniversary of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which the IPO Prospectus forms a part, the holder will be able to transfer all of his or her LTIP Option Shares. The foregoing transfer restrictions will not apply to any shares of common stock held by any such individual that are not LTIP Option Shares. 
 Stock Options 
 Under the 2015 Plan, SVOs and PSOs were granted with an exercise price equal to an implied share price of a share of common stock on the date of grant and had a contractual term of . SVOs became exercisable over a period with vesting after and the remaining balance becoming equally vested with respect to on each of the four th and fifth year anniversaries from the date of grant. PSOs became exercisable upon a change in control or an initial public offering. All options granted were subject 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. There were SVOs granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of PSOs granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 was . There were PSOs granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company uses an income approach, including a multiple of historical EBITDA adjusted for nonrecurring transactions, for valuing its equity. This approach was selected as a reasonably appropriate method to determine the implied share price of the Company s common stock, which represented a privately-held business interest prior to the IPO. Assumptions used in determining compensation cost for SVOs granted included the following: (i) expected holding period determined using the mid-point of the contractual term; (ii) the estimate of expected volatility based upon an analysis of the historical volatility of guideline public companies; (iii) the likelihood of additional dividends; and (iv) the risk-free interest rate determined using the Federal Reserve nominal rates for U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected holding period of the award being valued. The Company uses actual data to record forfeitures. 
 In November 2020, the Company modified the exercise price of previously awarded SVOs and previously awarded PSOs, which impacted employees, modifying the exercise price to which represents the share price valuation on the date of modification. The additional cost related to the modification of the exercise price of the SVOs in 2020 was to be recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the modified awards. The modification did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. All unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to this modification was accelerated on the date of the IPO as all outstanding SVOs and PSOs vested in connection with the IPO. 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate Expected term, in years 
 
 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled ) ) Exercised ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled Exercised ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes exercisable PSOs at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Number of Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to SVOs and PSOs as all unrecognized compensation expense totaling million was recognized upon the accelerated vesting of options upon completion of the IPO. 
 Promissory Notes 
 In December 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock to employees at per share. Consideration was made in the form of promissory notes between the employee and the Company. The promissory notes accrued interest at the mid-term applicable federal rate for November 2020 per annum) and were partially secured by the underlying shares of common stock. The promissory notes were partial-recourse, but treated as non-recourse for accounting purposes and, as such, (i) each of these purchases of common stock with a promissory note was accounted for as if it were a stock option grant and (ii) no receivable for amounts due under the promissory notes was recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. As the shares were considered fully vested, unexercised stock options, the full amount of stock compensation expense was recognized on the grant date in the amount of million in 2020. As the employees have the right to require the Company to purchase all of the shares at fair market value under certain events, these instruments were classified as a liability and recorded in Other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2020. The fair value of the fully vested stock options was marked to market each reporting period. 
 The promissory notes were forgivable upon (i) a change in control or (ii) the first public filing of a registration statement with the SEC in connection with an initial public offering. On August 4, 2021, the Company approved the forgiveness and cancelation of the outstanding indebtedness of each promissory note holder prior to the IPO. Loan Forgiveness Agreements were executed and concurrently, the Company agreed to accelerate payment of a portion of each holder s target bonus opportunity for calendar year 2021 to assist the holder in satisfying the withholding tax obligations with respect to the forgiveness of the promissory notes upon consummation of the IPO. On August 16, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the promissory notes, the principal amount on each loan, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, were forgiven. On August 17, 2021, the forgiveness of the promissory notes by the Company was treated as an option modification, resulting in the recognition of stock compensation expense of million which reflected the incremental fair value of the award on the date of forgiveness. As of September 30, 2021, the issuance of common stock pursuant to the forgiveness of the promissory notes became classified as Stockholders Equity on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 On August 4, 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted, and on August 13, 2021 the Company s stockholders approved, the 2021 Equity Plan. Equity awards under the 2021 Equity Plan are intended to retain and motivate the Company s officers and employees, consultants and non-employee directors and to promote the success of the Company s business by providing such participating individuals with a proprietary interest in the performance of the Company. The 2021 Equity Plan will terminate on the ten th anniversary thereof, unless 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 shares may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 Equity Plan (the Share Limit provided, that, the Share Limit shall be automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on January 1, 2030 in an amount equal to the lesser of (x) of the total number of shares outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (y) such number of shares as determined by the Board of Directors, and no more than shares may be issued upon the exercise of ISOs. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for issuance pursuant to future granted awards under the 2021 Equity Plan. 
 On September 22, 2021, the Company made one-time grants to all employees under the 2021 Equity Plan (the IPO Bonus Grants ). Certain members of its senior management team received IPO Bonus Grants consisting of both a non-qualified stock option grant (the IPO Bonus Options and a restricted stock grant (the IPO Bonus Stock Awards ). Non-employee directors received a NQSO grant and all other employees were granted a restricted stock grant or a restricted stock unit (the IPO Bonus Stock Unit Awards ). 
 Stock Options 
 In connection with the IPO, the Company granted to executives shares of common stock to be issuable upon the exercise of options at an exercise price equal to per share. These IPO Bonus Options (other than grants to non-employee directors) vest on the second anniversary of the grant date and on each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the executive s continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. The grant agreements for certain executives allow for accelerated vesting of options upon a qualifying termination. Each of the IPO Bonus Options granted to non-employee directors will vest in three substantially equal annual installments on the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the non-employee director s continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date. 
 Options issued under the 2021 Equity Plan vest on various schedules over one to periods on the anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Options issued under the 2021 Equity Plan generally expire after the grant date. 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate Expected term, in years 

126 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled ) Exercised / Released Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled ) Exercised / Released Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 In connection with the IPO, the Company granted to employees restricted shares with a grant date fair value of per share. These IPO Bonus Stock Awards will vest on the second anniversary of the grant date and on each of the third and four th anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the employee s continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. The grant agreements for certain executives allow for accelerated vesting of restricted stock upon a qualifying termination. 
 Restricted stock issued under the 2021 Equity Plan generally vests on the second anniversary of the grant date and on each of the third and four th anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Other restricted stock grants issued under the 2021 Equity Plan vest on various schedules over one to periods on the anniversary of the grant date, subject to the continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Holders of restricted stock are entitled to all rights of a common stockholder of the Company and are subject to restrictions on transfer. 

127 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled ) Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled ) Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 In connection with the IPO, the Company granted to employees RSUs with a grant date fair value of per share. These awards vest on the second anniversary of the grant date and on each of the third and four th anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Additional grants of RSUs vest on various schedules over a one to period on the anniversary of the grant date, subject to the continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Upon vesting, employees will receive shares of common stock in settlement of the units. 
 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled ) Vested Unvested at December 31, 2021 
 Granted Forfeited / Cancelled ) Vested Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In connection with the IPO, on August 4, 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted, and on August 13, 2021 the stockholders approved, the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which allows eligible employees to voluntarily make after-tax contributions of up to of such employee s cash compensation for the purchase of the Company s stock. It is expected that consecutive offering periods of six months in duration will be established during which such contributions will be accumulated and applied to purchase shares at the end of the offering period. It is expected that the purchase price will not be less than of the lesser of the closing price of the shares on the first day of the offering period or the last day of the offering period. There were stock employee purchase offerings during the year ended December 31, 2022 and, accordingly, no eligible employees were enrolled in the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 shares, which number shall be automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year following the calendar year in which the effective date of the ESPP falls in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) of the total number of shares outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) a lower number of shares as determined by the board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for issuance under the ESPP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum number of shares that may be issued or transferred under the ESPP shall not exceed an aggregate of shares. 

16. ) Undistributed (losses) income allocated to stockholders ) ) Denominator: Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic Weighted average additional shares assuming conversion of common shares Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Net (loss) income per share attributable to stockholders, basic ) ) Net (loss) income per share attributable to stockholders, diluted ) ) 
 
 Prior to the forgiveness of the promissory notes in August 2021, the Company s participating securities included shares of common stock issued in exchange for promissory notes that were being treated as fully vested outstanding stock options and were excluded from the denominator of basic earnings per share. These awards contained the same rights to distributions declared on the Company s common stock but did not have a contractual obligation to share in losses, and as a result, in the periods where the Company was in a net loss position, net losses were not allocated to these participating securities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the forgiven promissory notes are reflected as an issuance of common stock and are included in the denominator of basic earnings per share. 
 
 Common stock issued in exchange for promissory notes Restricted Stock Awards Restricted Stock Units 

17. 
 
 of the first of each employee s contribution for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. Employees are eligible to enroll after of employment and are vested upon enrollment. Employer contributions totaled million for each of the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company maintains an overseas defined contribution plan and paid million, million and million to fund defined contribution plans related to overseas service centers for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

18. 
 
 million and million were made to Goldman Sachs and the Stockholder, respectively, to settle amounts outstanding per the agreements through conclusion of the MSA on June 18, 2025. 
 
 In December 2018, the Company entered into an annual cash compensation arrangement with the Stockholder, whereby the Company agreed to pay per year from January 1, 2018 through March 31, 2019 to compensate the Stockholder for additional management services provided to the Company, payable on the occurrence of a public offering or change of control. Upon the completion of the IPO and in accordance with the cash compensation arrangement, during September 2021, the Company paid the Stockholder million for additional management services provided during the period January 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. 
 
 The Company had sales to Goldman Sachs and affiliates in the amount of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Outstanding accounts receivable from Goldman Sachs as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 were million and million, respectively. 
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, an affiliate of Goldman Sachs, was a Co-Documentation Agent and lender under the 2022 Credit Agreement and received million fees in connection therewith. 
 
 The Company had sales to an affiliate of certain stockholders that, to the Company s knowledge, collectively own greater than 10 of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock (the Stockholders in the amount of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Outstanding accounts receivable from an affiliate of the Stockholders as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 were less than million for both periods. 

19. 
 
 million related to an outstanding claim whereby the Company s insurers agreed to pay million of the settlement costs. The settlement was paid in January 2021, with the million paid directly by the Company s insurers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company maintained an accrual for legal matters of approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a legal settlement obligation of million and an offsetting insurance receivable of million on the consolidated balance sheets for the settlement of legal matters and the corresponding net legal settlement expense of million is recorded in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 

130 

Table of Contents 

 20. 
 
 Other services Total revenue 
 
 All other countries Total revenue 
 
 Other than the U.S., no single country accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total revenues during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. Substantially all of the Company s long-lived assets were located in the U.S. as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are recognized as an asset if the benefit of such costs is expected to be longer than one year, with a majority of contracts being multi-year. Incremental costs include commissions to the sales force and are amortized over , as management estimates that this corresponds to the period over which a customer benefits from the contract. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, million and million, respectively, of deferred commissions are included in Other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets and approximately million and million, respectively, of deferred commissions are included in Other noncurrent assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company did not have any material contract liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Concentrations 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue. No single customer had an accounts receivable balance greater than 10 of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 

131 

Table of Contents 

 21. 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries of Parent Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding) 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Common stock held in treasury shares and shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively) 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ) ) Subsidiaries other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ) ) Net (loss) income per share attributable to stockholders Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic and diluted Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 A condensed statement of cash flows has not been presented as Sterling Check Corp. (the Parent) had no material operating, investing, or financing cash flow activities for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

22. 
 
 million, was funded with available cash on hand and is subject to certain closing adjustments specified in the share purchase agreements. Due to the proximity of the closing dates to the filing of this report, the Company has not completed its valuation analysis and related calculations in sufficient detail necessary to arrive at the fair values of the net assets acquired, along with the determination of any goodwill to be recognized on the transactions. Due to the lack of availability of meaningful financial statements of the acquired companies that comply with U.S. GAAP, it is impracticable to provide supplemental pro forma information of the combined entities pursuant to ASC 805-10-50. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 For the period January 1, 2023 to February 28, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for million. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activity 
 
 February 28, 2023 November 29, 2027 million USD 

133 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, utilizing the criteria discussed in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on management's assessment, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management of the company, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based upon the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, during the course of preparing for the IPO, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We lacked a sufficient number of tax professionals with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose tax accounting matters timely and accurately. This material weakness contributed to us not being able to design and maintain appropriate accounting policies, procedures and controls over income and other taxes, including controls over the completeness and accuracy of deferred income taxes, sales tax liabilities, and the global income tax provision, and maintain appropriate segregation of duties within the tax process. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 We implemented measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting and to remediate this material weakness. In September 2021, we hired a Chief Tax Officer with over 25 years of tax leadership experience working for and with several of the largest public global Fortune 500 companies. As of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have expanded our tax team to a total of six, by hiring four internal resources specializing in domestic, state and international tax. Our personnel have the appropriate knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose tax accounting matters timely and accurately, and to design and maintain appropriate accounting policies, procedures and controls over income and other taxes, commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. During the fourth quarter of 2021 and continuing throughout 2022, we designed and implemented controls over income taxes to further improve the control environment, including automating the year-end global tax provision through the use of software. We have enhanced the overall design of controls and procedures performed in calculating and reviewing the interim and annual tax provisions, the precision of management review around key income tax areas and operating effectiveness of the controls over income taxes. We are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment with the expansion of the tax department. Additionally, in December 2021, we hired a Head of Internal Audit and Enterprise Risk Management with over 20 years of internal audit and risk management leadership experience working for and with the big four public accounting firms, technology companies and global Fortune 500 companies to assist us in the design, implementation and continued maintenance of internal controls. The applicable remedial controls have been determined to have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively and the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (our Proxy Statement ), to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 The information required by this Item 10 relating to our executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1. Business Information about our Executive Officers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our CEO, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as other officers, directors and employees of the Company. The code of ethics, entitled Code of Business Conduct, is posted on our website at www.sterlingcheck.com in the section Corporate Governance on the Investors page. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on our website at the address and general location specified above. 
 The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is deemed not to be incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

137 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 The financial statements are set forth under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 The financial statement schedules not set forth under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been omitted because the required information is not significant, is not applicable or is shown in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sterling Check Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sterling Check Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2021). 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Sterling Check Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2021). 
 4.2 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2022). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated September 22, 2021, among Sterling Check Corp., the Founder Stockholders, the GS Stockholders and the other Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021). 
 10.2 Waiver to Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2022, among Sterling Check Corp. and the Founder Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022) . 
 10.3 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and among Sterling Infosystems, Inc., as borrower, Sterling Intermediate Corp. and the other guarantors party thereto, KeyBank National Association, as agent, and the lenders party thereto incorporated by reference to Ex hibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on F orm 8-K filed on November 30, 2022) . 
 10.4+ Sterling Check Corp. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2021). 
 10.5+ Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2021). 
 10.6+ Sterling Check Corp. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2021). 
 10.7+ Sterling Check Corp. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2021). 
 10.8+ Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp. 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.9+ First Amendment to the Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp. 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.10+ Second Amendment to the Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp. 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 10.11 + Form of Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Agreement - US Senior Executive, under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10.12+ Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Notice and Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement - US Senior Executive IPO Form, under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.13+ Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Notice and Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement - Director IPO Form, under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.14+ Form of Performance Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp. 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.15+ Form of Time-Vesting Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp. 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.16+ Form of Letter Agreement Amending Options under the Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp. 2015 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.17+ Form of Loan Forgiveness Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.18+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of August 5, 2021, by and among Joshua Peirez, Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp., and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.19 + Retention Bonus Agreement dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between Joshua Peirez and Sterling Check Corp. 
 10.20+ Offer Letter dated as of May 14, 2019, by and between Peter Walker and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.21+ Severance Agreement dated as of May 15, 2019, by and between Peter Walker and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.22+ Amendment to Severance Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Peter Walker and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.23 + Retention Bonus Agreement dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between Peter Walker and Sterling Check Corp. 
 10.24+ Offer Letter dated as of January 28, 2016, by and between Lou Paglia and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.25+ Letter Agreement dated as of December 17, 2018, by and between Lou Paglia and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.26+ Severance Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Lou Paglia and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021). 
 10.27+ Severance Agreement dated as of November 30, 2015, by and between Steven Barnett and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2022). 
 10.28+ Amendment to Severance Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Steven Barnett and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2022). 
 10.29+ Severance Agreement dated as of November 30, 2021, by and between Robyn Price Stonehill and Sterling Infosystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2022). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 23.2 Consent of Acclaro Growth Partners. 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 _________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 

140 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 STERLING CHECK CORP. By: /s/ JOSHUA PEIREZ Joshua Peirez Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Date: March 2, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date 
 /s/ JOSHUA PEIREZ 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 and Director 
 March 2, 2023 Joshua Peirez /s/ PETER WALKER 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 2, 2023 Peter Walker /s/ THERESA NERI STRONG 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 2, 2023 Theresa Neri Strong /s/ MICHAEL GREBE 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director March 2, 2023 Michael Grebe /s/ WILLIAM CHEN 
 Director March 2, 2023 William Chen /s/ MARK JENNINGS 
 Director March 2, 2023 Mark Jennings /s/ ADRIAN JONES 
 Director March 2, 2023 Adrian Jones /s/ MOHIT KAPOOR 
 Director 
 March 2, 2023 Mohit Kapoor /s/ JILL LARSEN 
 Director 
 March 2, 2023 Jill Larsen /s/ ARTHUR J. RUBADO III 
 
 Director 
 March 2, 2023 Arthur J. Rubado III 
 /s/ L. FREDERICK SUTHERLAND 
 Director 
 March 2, 2023 L. Frederick Sutherland 
 141 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 ex1011formoftime-vestingre.htm
 EX-10.11 FORM OF TIME VESTING RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 
 
 US Senior Executive Section 16 Form 

STERLING CHECK CORP. 
 2021 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT NOTICE 1 
 
 Sterling Check Corp. a Delaware corporation (the Company ), pursuant to its 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended and restated from time to time (the Plan ), hereby grants to the Participant set forth below the number of Shares of Restricted Stock set forth below. The Restricted Stock is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice (the Notice ), in the Restricted Stock Agreement - Time Vesting Form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement and in the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such terms in the Agreement or, if not defined therein, in the Plan, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 Participant __ Grant Date __ Number of Shares of Restricted Stock __ Vesting Schedule Subject to the Participant s not having experienced a Termination as of the applicable Vesting Date, the Restricted Shares shall vest according to the following schedule 
 25 of Covered Shares on the 1st Anniversary of the Grant Date 
 25 of Covered Shares on the 2nd Anniversary of the Grant Date 
 25 of Covered Shares on the 3rd Anniversary of the Grant Date 
 25 of Covered Shares on the 4th Anniversary of the Grant Date 
 If the Participant s service is terminated in a Qualifying Termination prior to the 4 th Anniversary of the Grant Date, the Restricted Shares scheduled to vest during the one (1) year period following the Termination Date shall become vested on the Termination Date. 
 If a Change in Control occurs and during the 3 month period preceding or the 24 month period following such Change in Control, the Participant s service is Terminated in a Qualifying Termination, all unvested Restricted Shares shall become fully vested upon the date of the Participant s Termination. 
 
 The Restricted Stock shall be subject to the execution and return of this Notice by the Participant to the Company within thirty (30) days of the date hereof (including by utilizing an electronic signature and or web-based approval and notice process or any other process as may be authorized by the 
 
 1 Applicable only to certain Executive Officers 

Company). By executing this Notice, the Participant acknowledges that his or her agreement to the covenants set forth in Section 8 of the Agreement is a material inducement to the Company in granting this Award to the Participant. 
 This Notice may be executed by facsimile or electronic means (including, without limitation, PDF) and in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original instrument, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become binding when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other party hereto. 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Notice as of the Grant Date set forth above. 
 
 STERLING CHECK CORP. 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 PARTICIPANT 2 
 
 By 
 Name 

2 To the extent that the Company has established, either itself or through a third party plan administrator, the ability to accept this Award electronically, such acceptance shall constitute the Participant s signature hereto. 
 Signature Page to Restricted Stock Grant Notice 

STERLING CHECK CORP. 2021 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
 TIME VESTING FORM 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Grant Notice (the Notice delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Notice), and subject to the terms of this Restricted Stock Agreement (this Agreement and the Sterling Check Corp. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended and restated from time to time (the Plan ), Sterling Check Corp. (the Company and the Participant agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. Terms not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan and, if not defined therein, to the extent a Participant is a party to an Employee Agreement (as defined below), the definition in the Employee Agreement shall control. 
 (a) Agreement means this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 (b) Cause has the same meaning given to such term in the employment agreement or severance agreement (the Employee Agreement between the Participant and the Company or its affiliate, or if the Participant is not a party to an Employee Agreement, then Cause has the same meaning given to such term in the Plan. 
 (c) Date of Termination means the date that the Participant experiences a Termination (as defined in the Plan). 
 (d) Qualifying Termination means a Termination by the Company or a Subsidiary without Cause or due to the Participant s resignation for Good Reason (as defined in the Employee Agreement). 
 (e) Restrictive Covenants shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8 . 
 (f) Restricted Shares means the aggregate number of Shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to the Notice and this Agreement, as set forth in the Notice. 
 (g) Vesting Date means the date on which the Award becomes vested with respect to a portion of the Restricted Shares, pursuant to the Notice . 
 2. Issuance of Restricted Shares. 
 (a) Award . The Participant is hereby granted the Restricted Shares upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 (b) Restrictions on Transfer and Legend on Stock Certificate . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will retain possession of certificates for Restricted Shares until all restrictions on such Restricted Shares have lapsed. Each certificate for Restricted Shares, unless held by the Company, will contain a legend giving appropriate notice of the restrictions in the award of Restricted Stock. With respect to book entry Restricted Shares issued to the Participant, the Committee may cause appropriate stop-transfer instructions to be delivered to the account custodian, administrator, or the Company s corporate secretary as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee may determine that the Company will not issue certificates for the Restricted Shares until all restrictions on such Restricted Shares have lapsed. Subject to the provisions of Sections 3 and 5 of this Agreement, upon the lapse of the restrictions on Restricted Shares, the Committee shall cause a stock certificate or evidence of book entry Restricted Shares to be delivered to the Participant with respect to such Restricted Shares, free of all restrictions hereunder. The Participant shall deliver to the Company a duly-executed blank stock power in a form to be provided by the Company. The Company may 
 1 

provide a reasonable delay in the issuance or delivery of vested Shares as it determines appropriate to address tax withholding and other administrative matters. 
 (c) Section 83(b) Election . Section 83 of the Code provides that the Participant is not subject to federal income tax until the restrictions on the Restricted Shares lapse. If the Participant chooses, the Participant may make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, which would cause the Participant to recognize income as of the Grant Date in the amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares (determined as of the Grant Date). If the Participant chooses to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, such Section 83(b) election must be filed with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days after the Grant Date and promptly filed with the Company. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s sole responsibility to timely file the Section 83(b) election and that failure to file a Section 83(b) election within the applicable thirty (30)-day period may result in the recognition of ordinary income when the restrictions lapse. The Participant should consult his or her personal tax advisor about the effect of filing or failing to file an election under Section 83(b) of the Code. The form for making a Section 83(b) election is attached as Exhibit A . 
 3. Vesting. 
 (a) Vesting. The Restricted Shares granted by this Agreement shall vest as provided in the Notice. 
 (b) Termination . Any unvested Restricted Shares, together with any other assets or securities in respect of such Restricted Shares (e.g., dividends) as of the Participant s Date of Termination with the Company for any reason (the Unvested Shares ), shall be forfeited and deemed retransferred to and reacquired by the Company, without consideration, effective as of the Date of Termination, and the Participant shall forfeit all rights in connection with the Unvested Shares provided , however , that upon a Qualifying Termination prior to a Change in Control, the Unvested Shares shall not automatically be forfeited as a result of such Termination and shall remain eligible to vest solely upon the consummation of a Change in Control that occurs within three (3) months following the Participant s Date of Termination provided , further , that upon a Termination for Cause, all Restricted Shares (whether vested or unvested), together with any other assets or securities in respect of such Restricted Shares (e.g., dividends) shall be forfeited and deemed retransferred to and reacquired by the Company, without consideration. Upon forfeiture of any Restricted Shares, this Award shall be cancelled with respect to such Restricted Shares and the Company shall have no further obligation hereunder with respect to such Restricted Shares. 
 (c) Prohibitions on Vesting After Termination. Except for any vesting that may occur in connection with a Change in Control that occurs within three (3) months prior to a Qualifying Termination, no Restricted Shares shall vest following the Participant s Date of Termination. 
 4. Forfeiture Events Clawback Forfeiture . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that this grant of Restricted Stock is subject to Section 14.2 of the Equity Plan including, without limitation, the terms of any clawback policy maintained by the Company, whether adopted prior to or subsequent to the Grant Date, or as required by law, regulation, or exchange requirement, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares until or unless such Restricted Shares are forfeited pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a common stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, voting rights with respect to the Restricted Shares and rights to dividends or other distributions provided, that (i) the Shares shall be subject to the limitations on transfer and encumbrance set forth in this Agreement and the Plan and (ii) no dividends or other distributions made in respect of any Restricted Shares shall be paid to the Participant unless and until the Restricted Shares have become vested. 
 2 

6. No Issuance in Violation of Law . The issuance or delivery of any stock certificates representing Restricted Shares pursuant to this Agreement may be postponed by the Company if and to the extent the Company determines that such issuance or delivery would violate applicable state or federal securities laws or the rules and regulations of any securities exchange on which the Shares are traded. If the Company makes such a determination, it shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain compliance with such laws, rules and regulations. In making any determination hereunder, the Company may rely on the opinion of counsel for the Company. 
 7. Withholding . The Participant shall pay or make adequate provision for any federal, state, local and other withholding tax obligations of the Company. All deliveries and distributions under this Agreement are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes. If approved in advance by the Committee and subject to applicable law, the Participant may, in satisfaction of such withholding tax obligations, elect to (a) have withheld a portion of the Restricted Shares, (b) surrender Shares owned by the Participant prior to the vesting of the Restricted Shares, in each case having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to such tax withholding, or (c) utilize such other method as deemed acceptable by the Committee. All withholding tax obligations hereunder will be satisfied through Share withholding as a result of which the number of Shares to be delivered upon the lapse of the restrictions on Restricted Shares will be reduced by a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate withholding tax obligations. 
 8. Restrictive Covenants . For the avoidance of doubt, from and after the Grant Date, if and to the extent the Participant is party to an Employee Agreement that provides for restrictive covenants relating to nondisclosure of confidential information, noncompetition, nonsolicitation, and or nondisparagement, the Participant hereby acknowledges and reaffirms such covenants as a condition to receiving this grant of Restricted Stock, and shall be subject to the provisions of such Employee Agreement and shall not be subject to the following provisions of this Section 8 otherwise the Participant shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 8 
 (a) Confidential Information . As a result of the Participant s work for the Company, the Participant may develop or acquire knowledge of Confidential Information relating to any member of the Company Group (including, in each case, its business, potential business or that of its customers or suppliers or their respective affiliates) (the Company Parties ). Confidential Information includes all trade secrets, know-how, show-how, technical, operating, financial, and other business information and materials, whether or not reduced to writing or other medium and whether or not marked or labeled confidential, proprietary or the like, specifically including, but not limited to, information regarding source codes, software programs, computer systems, logos, designs, graphics, writings or other materials, algorithms, formulae, works of authorship, techniques, documentation, models and systems, sales and pricing techniques, procedures, inventions, products, improvements, modifications, methodology, processes, concepts, records, files, memoranda, reports, plans, proposals, price lists, customer and supplier lists, and customer and supplier information. Confidential Information does not include general skills, experience or information that is generally available to the public, other than information which has become generally available as a result of the Participant s direct or indirect act or omission. With respect to Confidential Information of the Company Parties, the Participant agrees that 
 (i) the Participant will use it only in the performance of the Participant s duties for the Company. The Participant will not use it at any time (during or after Participant s employment or service) for the Participant s personal benefit, for the benefit of any other person or firm, or in any manner adverse to the interests of the Company Parties 
 (ii) the Participant will not disclose it at any time (during or after Participant s employment or service) except to authorized Company personnel, unless the Company expressly consents in advance in writing or unless the information becomes clearly of public knowledge or enters the public domain (other than through an unauthorized disclosure by the Participant or through a disclosure not by the Participant which the Participant knew or reasonably should have known was an unauthorized 
 3 

disclosure), or to the extent required by an order of a court having competent jurisdiction or under subpoena from an appropriate government agency 
 (iii) the Participant will safeguard it by all reasonable steps and abide by all policies and procedures of the Company and its customers in effect from time to time regarding storage, copying, destroying, publication or posting, or handling of such Confidential Information, in whatever medium or format that Confidential Information takes 
 (iv) the Participant will execute and abide by all confidentiality agreements which the Company reasonably requests the Participant to sign or abide by, whether those agreements are for the benefit of the Company, an affiliate, a supplier, or an actual or a potential customer thereof and 
 (v) the Participant will return all materials containing or relating to Confidential Information, together with all other Company property (including, without limitation, laptop computers, cell phones, documents and other equipment) to the Company, when the Participant s employment and other service with the Company and its subsidiaries terminates or otherwise on demand and, at that time the Participant will certify to the Company, in writing, that the Participant has complied with this Agreement. The Participant shall not retain any copies or reproductions of correspondence, memoranda, reports, notebooks, drawings, photographs, or other documents relating in any way to the affairs of Company or the customers, suppliers, or affiliates of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the above provisions of this Section 8(a) , the Participant shall be permitted to retain the Participant s personal contact list and personal files (including those relating to the Participant s compensation, benefits, entitlements and obligations). 
 (b) Intellectual Property . 
 (i) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that all patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property rights (the Intellectual Property which the Participant conceives, makes, obtains or develops prior to, on, or after the date hereof and during the term of the Participant s employment or other service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (whether during or outside of working hours) and which is related in any way to the business of the Company Parties is and will be the sole property of the Company Parties as works for hire (as that term is used under U.S. copyright law), regardless of whether or not patent, trademark, copyright and or other intellectual property right applications are or can be filed on such Intellectual Property provided , however , that the Company Parties shall not own Intellectual Property for which no equipment, supplies, facility, trade secret information or Confidential Information of the Company was used and which was developed entirely on the Participant s time, and (A) which does not relate in any way (I) to the business of the Company or (II) to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company, and (B) which does not result from any work performed by the Participant for the Company. 
 (ii) Subject to Section 8(b)(i) , to the extent that title to any such Intellectual Property, contributions or inventions do not, by operation of law, vest in the Company, the Participant hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company all right, title and interest, including, without limitation, tangible and intangible rights such as patent rights, trademarks and copyrights, that the Participant may have or may acquire in and to all such Intellectual Property, contributions and inventions, benefits and or rights resulting therefrom, and agrees to promptly execute any further specific assignments related to such Intellectual Property, contributions or inventions, benefits and or rights at the request of the Company. 
 (iii) Subject to Section 8(b)(i) , the Participant will make full and prompt disclosure to the Company of all Intellectual Property and, at the Company s request and 
 4 

expense (but without additional compensation to the Participant), will at any time and from time to time during and after the Participant s employment or other service with the Company execute and deliver to the Company such applications, assignments and other papers and take such other actions (including but not limited to testifying in any legal proceedings) at the Company s expense as the Company, in its sole discretion, considers necessary to vest, perfect, defend or maintain the Company s rights in and to such Intellectual Property. 
 (c) Noncompetition. The Participant agrees that during the course of the Participant s employment or other service with any Company Party and during the period of twelve (12) months commencing from the Date of Termination (the Restricted Period ), the Participant will not, without the express prior written consent of the Company, anywhere, either directly or indirectly, whether alone or as an owner, shareholder, partner, member, joint venturer, officer, director, consultant, independent contractor agent, employee or otherwise, assist in, engage in or otherwise be connected to or benefit from any Competitive Business. For purposes of this Agreement, a Competitive Business is one that engages in or provides, or intends to engage in or provide, employment, volunteer or tenant-related background checks and related services or engages in any other business that is the same or substantially the same as any business engaged in or in development by the Company as of the Date of Termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit the Participant s passive ownership of less than two percent (2 of the outstanding shares of any publicly traded corporation that conducts a business competitive with that of the Company. 
 (d) Nonsolicitation. The Participant further agrees that, during the course of the Participant s employment or other service with any Company Party and during the period of two (2) years commencing from the Date of Termination, the Participant will not, without the express prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, (i) in connection with a Competitive Business, solicit, transact business with or perform services for (or assist any third party in soliciting, transacting business with or performing any services for) any person or entity that is or was (at any time within twelve (12) months prior to the contact, communication, solicitation, transaction of business, or performance of services), a customer or prospective customer (as defined below) of any Company Party (ii) hire or solicit or encourage any employee of any Company Party to leave the employment of such Company Party, in each case except for general solicitations of employment by the Participant (or its affiliates, including solicitations through employee search firms or similar agents) not specifically directed towards employees of any Company Party or (iii) interfere with, disrupt or attempt to interfere with or disrupt the relationship, contractual or otherwise, between any Company Party and any of its customers, suppliers, vendors, lessors, independent contractors, agents or employees. A prospective customer is any individual or entity with respect to whom or which any Company Party was engaged in a solicitation at any time during the twelve (12) months preceding the Date of Termination and in which solicitation the Participant was in any way involved or otherwise had knowledge of or reasonably should have had knowledge of. 
 (e) Nondisparagement. From and after the Grant Date and at all times thereafter, the Participant shall not, to the fullest extent permissible by law, make, directly or indirectly, any public or private statements, or verbal or nonverbal, direct or indirect communications that are or could be harmful to, reflect negatively on, or that are otherwise disparaging of, any member of the Company Group and or their respective businesses, or any of their past, present or future officers, directors, employees, advisors, agents, policies, procedures, practices, decision-making, conduct, professionalism or compliance with standards. 
 (f) Reasonable Restrictions Damages Inadequate Remedy . The Participant acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 8 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and that any breach or threatened breach by the Participant of any provision contained in this Section 8 may result in immediate irreparable injury to the Company for which a remedy at law may be inadequate. The Participant further acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 8(c) will not prevent the Participant from earning a livelihood during the Restricted Period. Accordingly, the Participant 
 5 

acknowledges that the Company shall be entitled to seek temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction (without being obligated to post a bond or other collateral) in the event of any breach or threatened breach by the Participant of the provisions of this Section 8 . Any remedy specified by any provision of this Agreement shall, unless expressly providing to the contrary, be a nonexclusive remedy for that provision and shall not preclude any and all other remedies at law or in equity from also being applicable. 
 (g) Separate Covenants . The parties intend that the covenants and restrictions in this Section 8 be given the broadest interpretation permitted by law. Accordingly, in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement should ever be adjudicated to exceed the time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be deemed reformed in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable law. The covenants and restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be deemed a series of separate covenants and restrictions, one for each of the fifty states of the United States of America and any other jurisdiction. If the covenants of this Section 8 are determined to be wholly or partially unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such determination shall not be a bar to or in any way diminish the Company s right to enforce such covenants in any other jurisdiction. If, in any judicial or arbitration proceedings, a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitration panel should refuse to enforce all of the separate covenants and restrictions in this Section 8 , then such unenforceable covenants and restrictions shall be eliminated from the provisions of this Agreement for the purpose of such proceeding to the extent necessary to permit the remaining separate covenants and restrictions to be enforced in such proceeding. 
 9. Transferability . The Restricted Shares are not transferable other than as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 10. Exercisability Following Death . If any rights exercisable by the Participant or benefits deliverable to the Participant under this Agreement have not been exercised or delivered, respectively, at the time of the Participant s death, such rights shall be exercisable by the legal representative of the estate of the Participant. 
 11. Administration . The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of this Agreement shall be vested in the Committee, and the Committee shall have all powers with respect to this Agreement as it has with respect to the Plan. Any interpretation of the Agreement by the Committee and any decision made by it acting reasonably and in good faith with respect to the Agreement is final and binding on all persons. 
 12. Plan Governs . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the terms of this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which may be obtained by the Participant from the office of the Secretary of the Company, and this Agreement is subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee from time to time pursuant to the Plan. 
 13. Not an Employment Contract . The Award will not confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with any member of the Company Group, nor will it interfere in any way with any right any member of the Company Group would otherwise have to terminate or modify the terms of such Participant s employment or other service at any time. 
 14. Representation . The Participant acknowledges and represents to the Company that, as of the date hereof, it is the Participant s good faith intention that the Participant will be acquiring the Restricted Shares solely for the Participant s own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution of the Restricted Shares. 
 15. Notices . Any written notices provided for in this Agreement or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or if sent by fax or overnight courier, or by postage paid first class mail. Notices sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing but in no event later than the date of actual receipt. Notices shall be directed, if to the 
 6 

Participant, at the Participant s address indicated by the Company s records, or if to the Company, at the Company s principal business office. 
 16. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. 
 17. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended by written agreement of the Participant and the Company, without the consent of any other person. 
 18. Waiver . Waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement or failure to exercise any right hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach or right whether or not of the same or a similar nature. The failure of any party to take action by reason of such breach or to exercise any such right shall not deprive the party of the right to take action at any time while or after such breach or condition giving rise to such rights continues. 
 19. Headings . Headings are for convenience only and are not deemed to be part of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, any reference to a Section herein is a reference to a Section of this Agreement. 
 20. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto, together with their personal executors, administrators, successors, personal representatives, heirs and permitted assigns. 
 21. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Notice and the Plan, supersedes all prior written and oral agreements and understandings among the parties as to its subject matter and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 7 

Exhibit A 
 Section 83(b) Election 
 
 The undersigned taxpayer elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to include in gross income as compensation for services rendered the excess (if any) of the fair market value of property received in connection with such services over the amount paid for the property (if any), and supplies the following information in accordance with the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 1. The name, taxpayer identification number, address of the undersigned, and the taxable year for which this election is being made are 
 TAXPAYER'S NAME 
 TAXPAYER'S SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER 
 ADDRESS 
 TAXABLE YEAR Calendar Year 2021 
 2. The property which is the subject of this election is Common stock of Sterling Check Corp. 
 3. The property was transferred to the undersigned on . 
 4. The properly is subject to the following restrictions Subject to a vesting schedule, the taxpayer s rights in and to a portion of the property may be forfeited. 
 5. The fair market value of the property at the time of transfer (determined without regard to any restriction other than a nonlapse restriction as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.83-3(h)) is . 
 6. For the property transferred, the undersigned paid 0 . 
 7. The amount to include in gross income is . 
 The undersigned taxpayer will file this election with the Internal Revenue Service office with which taxpayer files his or her annual income tax return not later than 30 days after the date of transfer of the property. A copy of the election also will be furnished to the person for whom the services were performed. The undersigned is the person performing the services in connection with which the property was transferred. 
 Dated ________________________ 
 Taxpayer Signature _____________________ 
 Taxpayer Name ________________________ 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 exhibit1019retcashawardj.htm
 EX-10.19

exhibit1019retcashawardj 

Retention Bonus Letter December 2022 31972680.v2 Sterling Check Corp. 1 State Street Plaza New York, NY 10004 Joshua Peirez c/o Sterling Check Corp. 1 State Street Plaza New York, NY 10004 December 21, 2022 Dear Joshua: In recognition of your contributions to Sterling Check Corp. (the Company ), the Company has approved a special bonus for you in the amount of 1,100,000 (the Retention Bonus ), to be payable as provided below, subject to all of the terms and conditions of this letter agreement. Your Retention Bonus will be in addition to (and will not be in lieu of) any annual bonus or other incentive compensation amounts you may otherwise be entitled to receive from the Company. Conditions to Retention Bonus 1. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 2 below and your continued employment through January 15, 2023 (the Payment Date ), you shall be paid your Retention Bonus in cash in a single lump sum on the Payment Date. 2. If, prior to July 1, 2024, you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company other than for Good Reason as defined in the employment agreement by and between the Company, Sterling InfoSystems, Inc. and you, dated August 5, 2021, you will be required to repay all or a portion of the Retention Bonus as follows: Termination Date Repayment Amount Prior to 7/1/2023 1,100,000 On or after 7/1/2023 and prior to 2/1/2024 550,000 On or after 1/1/2024 and prior to 3/1/2024 458,333 On or after 2/1/2024 and prior to 4/1/2024 366,667 On or after 3/1/2024 and prior to 5/1/2024 275,000 On or after 4/1/2024 and prior to 6/1/2024 183,333 On or after 5/1/2024 and prior to 7/1/2024 91,667 On or after 7/1/2024 0 DocuSign Envelope ID: 3E1E6E03-C571-461B-B582-9F3D21C40899 

Other Terms All payments to you under this letter agreement will be subject to the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld under applicable federal, state or local law. You will not have any right to transfer, assign, pledge, alienate or create a lien on the Retention Bonus, and this letter agreement is not assignable by you. The Retention Bonus is unfunded and unsecured and is payable out of the general funds of the Company. Nothing in this letter agreement is intended to suggest any guaranteed period of continued employment and your employment will at all times continue to be terminable by you or the Company. This letter agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company. This letter agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. This letter agreement may be executed by .pdf or facsimile signatures and in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signatory parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same instrument. We thank you for the service you have rendered in the past and look forward to your continued contribution to the success of the Company. Please acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this letter agreement and return it to me as soon as possible. [Signature page follows] DocuSign Envelope ID: 3E1E6E03-C571-461B-B582-9F3D21C40899 

Sincerely, Sterling Check Corp. __________________ By: Robyn Price Stonehill Title: Chief People Officer Acknowledged and agreed: Joshua Peirez Date: DocuSign Envelope ID: 3E1E6E03-C571-461B-B582-9F3D21C40899 12/21/2022 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3E1E6E03-C571-461B-B582-9F3D21C40899 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.23>
 4
 exhibit1023retcashawardp.htm
 EX-10.23

exhibit1023retcashawardp 

Retention Bonus Letter December 2022 31974223.v1 Sterling Check Corp. 1 State Street Plaza New York, NY 10004 Peter Walker c/o Sterling Check Corp. 1 State Street Plaza New York, NY 10004 December 21, 2022 Dear Peter: In recognition of your contributions to Sterling Check Corp. (the Company ), the Company has approved a special bonus for you in the amount of 400,000 (the Retention Bonus ), to be payable as provided below, subject to all of the terms and conditions of this letter agreement. Your Retention Bonus will be in addition to (and will not be in lieu of) any annual bonus or other incentive compensation amounts you may otherwise be entitled to receive from the Company. Conditions to Retention Bonus 1. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 2 below and your continued employment through January 15, 2023 (the Payment Date ), you shall be paid your Retention Bonus in cash in a single lump sum on the Payment Date. 2. If, prior to July 1, 2024, you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company other than for Good Reason as defined in the severance agreement by and between Sterling InfoSystems, Inc. and you dated as of May 15, 2019 and amended as of August 19, 2021, you will be required to repay all or a portion of the Retention Bonus as follows: Termination Date Repayment Amount Prior to 7/1/2023 400,000 On or after 7/1/2023 and prior to 2/1/2024 200,000 On or after 1/1/2024 and prior to 3/1/2024 166,667 On or after 2/1/2024 and prior to 4/1/2024 133,333 On or after 3/1/2024 and prior to 5/1/2024 100,000 On or after 4/1/2024 and prior to 6/1/2024 66,667 On or after 5/1/2024 and prior to 7/1/2024 33,333 On or after 7/1/2024 0 DocuSign Envelope ID: F2EA824A-27BA-444B-92B2-97C3D4DA10A8 

Other Terms All payments to you under this letter agreement will be subject to the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld under applicable federal, state or local law. You will not have any right to transfer, assign, pledge, alienate or create a lien on the Retention Bonus, and this letter agreement is not assignable by you. The Retention Bonus is unfunded and unsecured and is payable out of the general funds of the Company. Nothing in this letter agreement is intended to suggest any guaranteed period of continued employment and your employment will at all times continue to be terminable by you or the Company. This letter agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company. This letter agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. This letter agreement may be executed by .pdf or facsimile signatures and in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signatory parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same instrument. We thank you for the service you have rendered in the past and look forward to your continued contribution to the success of the Company. Please acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this letter agreement and return it to me as soon as possible. [Signature page follows] DocuSign Envelope ID: F2EA824A-27BA-444B-92B2-97C3D4DA10A8 

Sincerely, Sterling Check Corp. __________________ By: Robyn Price Stonehill Title: Chief People Officer Acknowledged and agreed: Peter Walker Date: DocuSign Envelope ID: F2EA824A-27BA-444B-92B2-97C3D4DA10A8 12/21/2022 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F2EA824A-27BA-444B-92B2-97C3D4DA10A8 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit211subsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Sterling Check Corp. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Formation RISQ Group Holdings Pty Ltd. Australia Sterling (EMEA) Ltd. United Kingdom Sterling Asia Pacific Pty Ltd. Australia (d b a Sterling RISQ) Sterling Backcheck Canada Corp. Canada (British Columbia) (d b a Sterling Backcheck) Sterling Infosystems Inc. Delaware (d b a Sterling Sterling Volunteers) Sterling Intermediate Corp. Delaware Employment Background Investigation, LLC Maryland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231pwcconsent.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT OF PWC

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-268996) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-259722 and 333-263646) of Sterling Check Corp. of our report dated March 2, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 exhibit232-acclaroconsent.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 Exhibit 23.2 

 Consent of Acclaro Growth Partners, Inc. 
 March 2, 2023 
 Sterling Check Corp. 
 1 State Street Plaza, 24th Floor 
 New York, NY 10004 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Acclaro Growth Partners, Inc. hereby consents to (i) references to its name, and (ii) reference to or quotation, inclusion, summarization, citation or incorporation by reference of (A) any data contained in the reports and materials it provides or has provided to the Company and (B) any other information, data and statements prepared by Acclaro Growth Partners, Inc., whether or not publicly available, in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Sterling Check Corp. (the Company (together with any amendments thereto, the Annual Report ). 
 Acclaro Growth Partners, Inc. hereby further consents to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-268996), Form S-8 (No. 333-263646) and Form S-8 (No. 333-259722) of the Company, including any amendment thereto, any related prospectus and any related prospectus supplement, of such information. 
 Acclaro Growth Partners, Inc. also hereby consents to the filing of this letter as an exhibit to the Annual Report. 
 For and on behalf of Acclaro Growth Partners, Inc. s Christopher Longiaru Name Christopher Longiaru Title COO CFO 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311ceocert123122.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Joshua Peirez, certify that 
 
 i. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Sterling Check Corp. 
 
 ii. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 iii. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 iv. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 A. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 B. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 C. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 D. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 v. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 A. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 B. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Exhibit 31.1 

 By s JOSHUA PEIREZ Joshua Peirez Chief Executive Officer 

Date March 2, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312cfocert123122.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Peter Walker, certify that 
 
 i. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Sterling Check Corp. 
 
 ii. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 iii. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 iv. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 A. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 B. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 C. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 D. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 v. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 A. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 B. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Exhibit 31.2 

 By s PETER WALKER Peter Walker Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date March 2, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321ceocert123122.htm
 EX-32.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sterling Check Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joshua Peirez, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s JOSHUA PEIREZ Joshua Peirez Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit322cfocert123122.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sterling Check Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter Walker, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s PETER WALKER Peter Walker Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ster-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ster-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ster-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ster-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ster-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

