<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1489874_0001826466-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3055648</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129122</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>617644</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>996681</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>546773</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>675866</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001826466-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308121541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001826466-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Golden Growers Cooperative
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001489874
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE SERVICES [0700]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53957
		FILM NUMBER:		23715314

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1002 MAIN AVENUE WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5
		CITY:			WEST FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58078
		BUSINESS PHONE:		701-281-0468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1002 MAIN AVENUE WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5
		CITY:			WEST FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58078

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001826466-23-000006.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 ggro-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C . 20549 
 FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

Transition Report Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission
 File No.: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 

, 
 - 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Registrant s telephone number)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 NONE 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
 Units 
 ________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. Yes [X] 
 ________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Act. Yes [X] 
 ________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 [X] No 
 ________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). [X] No 
 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 
 ________________________________________ 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 [X] 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extension
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 ________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s
assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the
registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 ________________________________________ 
 If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the
financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 ________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery
analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 
240.10D -1(b). 
 ________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 [X] 
 ________________________________________ 
 As of March 7, 2023, the
registrant had Units issued and outstanding. There is established
public market for the registrant s Units. Although there is a limited, private
market for the registrant s Units, the registrant does not obtain information
regarding the transfer price in transactions between its members and therefore
is unable to estimate the aggregate market value of the registrant s Units held
by non-affiliates. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: NONE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Item
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1

Item
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 5

Item
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 5

Item
 2. 
 PROPERTIES
 
 5

Item
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 5

Item
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 5

Item
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 6

Item
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 6

Item
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS 
 7

Item
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 8

Item
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 
 8

Item
 9. 
 CHANGES
 AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOCUNTING AND FINANCIAL
 DISCLOSURE 
 8

Item
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 9

Item
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 9

Item
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 10

Item
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 13

Item
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 14

Item
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 15

Item
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 16

Item
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 17

Item
 16. 
 10-K
 SUMMARY 
 18
 
 i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains
forward-looking statements and information based upon assumptions by Golden
Growers Cooperative we, us, our, and the Cooperative ),
including assumptions about risks and uncertainties faced by the
Cooperative. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of
forward-looking terminology such as anticipates, expects, 
 believes, may , will, or the
negative of these terms or similar verbs or expressions. Forward-looking
statements in this report generally relate to: our expectations regarding our
membership in ProGold Limited Liability Company ProGold and its
distributions to the Cooperative; our beliefs regarding the sufficiency
of working capital and cash flows; our expectations regarding our continued
ability to renew or obtain financing on reasonable terms when necessary; the
impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements; our intentions and beliefs
relating to our costs and business strategies; our expected operating and
financial results; our expectations concerning our contract arrangements with
members; our beliefs regarding competitive factors and our competitive
strengths; our predictions regarding the impact of seasonality; our beliefs
regarding the impact of the farming industry on our business; our beliefs
regarding our internal controls over financial reporting; and our intentions for
paying member distributions. Many of these forward- looking statements are
located in this report under Item 1. BUSINESS and Item 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS, but they may appear in other sections as well. 
 
 This report should be read
thoroughly with the understanding that our actual results may differ materially
from those set forth in the forward-looking statements for many reasons,
including events beyond our control and assumptions that prove to be inaccurate
or unfounded. We cannot provide any assurance with respect to our future
performance or results. Our actual results or actions could differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons,
including, but not limited to: (i) the im pact of the Cooperative s joint
ownership interest in ProGold LLC following Cargill s acquisition of a 50 
interest in ProGold LLC; (ii) fluctuations in the market price per bushel of
 corn; (iii) the continued impact of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19);
(iv) the impact of the war in Ukraine; (v) the effect of inflation as
well as general economic conditions and the agricultural cycle on the demand for
our members corn; (vi) our ability to retain our key employee; (vii) the
cost of complying with laws, regulations, and standards relating to
corporate governance and public disclosure, and the demand such compliance
places on management s time; and (viii) other factors described in this
report and from time to time in our other reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. If any of management s assumptions prove
incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, the Cooperative s actual
results could materially differ from those anticipated by such
forward -looking statements. The Cooperative undertakes no obligation to
update any forward-looking statements in this report to reflect future events or
developments. Readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements. The Cooperative qualifies all of its forward-looking statements by
these cautionary statements. 
 PART I 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Golden Growers Cooperative is a
value-added agricultural cooperative association owned by 1,480 members
primarily from Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota, all of whom deliver
corn to the Cooperative for processing. The Cooperative was originally formed in
1994 as a North Dakota agricultural cooperative with the goal of allowing its
members to receive additional value from the corn that they grow through the
processing of that corn into value-added products, such as corn sweeteners. The
Cooperative accomplished this purpose by forming a joint venture with 
American Crystal Sugar Company American Crystal that formed ProGold Limited
Liability Company ProGold ), a Minnesota limited liability company that
designed and constructed a corn wet-milling facility in Wahpeton, North Dakota
to process corn into high fructose corn syrup and related co-products. The
Cooperative s membership in ProGold LLC includes a right and obligation for the
Cooperative to deliver corn to the ProGold facility for processing. The
Cooperative s members deliver corn to the ProGold facility on the Cooperative s
behalf to meet this delivery obligation. 
 On November 1, 1997, ProGold
entered into an operating lease with Cargill Incorporated Cargill for the
entire ProGold facility. Cargill has operated the facility continually since
this time. While ProGold no longer operates the wet-milling facility, the
Cooperative, through its members, continues to have an obligation to deliver
corn directly to Cargill at the wet-milling facility. 
 1 

On September 1, 2009, by way of a
series of mergers, the Cooperative changed its domicile and form of entity from
a North Dakota cooperative to a Minnesota cooperative association governed under
Minnesota Statutes Chapter 308B. The Cooperative operates as a cooperative for
state law purposes but is treated as a partnership under Subchapter K of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for tax purposes. 
 Additional information about the
Cooperative can be found on our website, https://goldengrowers.com. We are
neither including nor incorporating by reference herein the information
contained on our corporate website. We are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The
Exchange Act requires us to file periodic reports and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains a website that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These materials may be
obtained electronically by accessing the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov.
 
 Business Operations 
 The Cooperative is in the
business of providing value to its members by facilitating their delivery of
corn to the corn wet-milling facility owned by ProGold. We accomplish our
business on behalf of our members not through the ownership of assets such as a
plant and equipment, but through our contract relationships with all of the
parties involved in the ownership and operation of the facility. From an income
production perspective, our membership interest in ProGold is our primary asset
that, in addition to giving the Cooperative the right to receive distributions
from ProGold, also provides our members with additional value for the delivery
of their corn for processing. Cargill is also an integral part of our financial
success. Cargill provides the Cooperative grain services that allow us to
facilitate corn delivery to the ProGold facility at little or no expense. In
addition, the lease payments Cargill makes to ProGold that are in turn
distributed to the Cooperative provide us with the cash to make distributions to
our members. 
 Ownership in ProGold 
 Prior to March 1, 2022, the
Cooperative and American Crystal owned a 49 interest and 51 in ProGold,
respectively. On April 4, 2017, ProGold and Cargill entered into a Second
Amended and Restated Facility Lease (the Facility Lease ), which commenced on
January 1, 2018 and continued through December 31, 2022. On the same day, the
Cooperative, Cargill, and American Crystal entered into a Consent Agreement,
effective on January 1, 2018 (the Consent Agreement ), relating to the Facility
Lease and the Cooperative s interest in ProGold, and Cargill and American
Crystal entered into an Option Agreement, effective on January 1, 2018 (the
 Option Agreement ), detailing the price, term and other conditions under which
American Crystal granted to Cargill an exclusive option (the Option to
purchase a 50 interest in ProGold from American Crystal during the first four
years of the Facility Lease. Under the Consent Agreement, the Cooperative
approved and consented to the transfer of the 50 interest in ProGold from
American Crystal to Cargill in the event Cargill exercised its option. The
Cooperative also secured the right to purchase American Crystal s remaining 1 
interest in ProGold for a base price ranging from 1.7 million to 1.3 million,
depending on the timing of Cargill s notification to American Crystal of its
intention to exercise its option. The Cooperative was also required to pay to
American Crystal a capital adjustment in an amount equal to 1 of the portion of
costs that had not been paid by Cargill to ProGold through additional rent with
respect to certain projects at the facility. 
 Cargill exercised its Option
under the Option Agreement to purchase a 50 interest in ProGold from American
Crystal. Simultaneously with the exercise of the Option, the Cooperative,
pursuant to the Consent Agreement, elected to purchase American Crystal s
remaining 1 interest in ProGold. As a result of these transactions, effective
March 1, 2022, the Cooperative and Cargill each own a 50 interest in
ProGold. 
 In connection with Cargill s
exercise of its Option under the Option Agreement, the Cooperative, Cargill and
ProGold entered into that certain ProGold Limited Liability Company Agreement
(the Operating Agreement ), effective March 1, 2022, in order to set forth the
structure, governance and operation of ProGold according to certain operational
principles and other guidelines described in the Consent Agreement. Beginning
March 1, 2022, the Cooperative allocated 50 of the profits and losses of
ProGold and received 50 of any cash that is distributed to ProGold s members.
 
 Under the Operating Agreement,
ProGold s board of governors is comprised of six members (each, a Governor ),
with three members appointed by each of the Cooperative and Cargill. The
affirmative vote of a majority of the Governors is required to, among other
actions, approve capital projects in excess of 1 million, approve infrastructure projects, approve any changes to current and
future leases, and appoint one or more managers of ProGold. In addition to the
affirmative vote of a majority of the Governors, certain fundamental actions,
such as a merger or consolidation, sale or liquidation of substantially all of
the assets of ProGold, a dissolution of ProGold, the approval of new members, or
the approval of loans to ProGold by members requires the unanimous approval of
the members. Neither the Cooperative nor Cargill may sell or transfer its
interest in ProGold to any third party without the other party s consent.
Additionally, each party has a right of first refusal to purchase the other s
interest in ProGold if such party receives an offer for or desires to sell its
interest. 
 2 

In the event any Cargill
Competitor (as defined in the Operating Agreement) acquires an equity interest
in the Cooperative, Cargill will have a sixty-day option to purchase all of the
membership interest in ProGold held by the Cooperative for a purchase price of
 81 million plus 50 of the remaining lease payments due under the Facility
Lease through the closing date of such sale. Further, if a Triggering Event (as
defined in the Operating Agreement) occurs, the Cooperative and Cargill will
expeditiously and in good faith work together to finalize a joint venture
agreement for the structure, governance and operation of ProGold according to
certain operating principles and other guideline terms. If a joint venture
agreement is agreed to, the Cooperative will reimburse Cargill for 50 of the
undepreciated capital expense associated with approved projects. If the
Cooperative and Cargill are unable to agree on terms for a joint venture
agreement, Cargill agrees to purchase the Cooperative s 50 interest in ProGold
for 81 million and half of any remaining lease payments due through December
31, 2026. 
 Also in connection with the
Option exercise, ProGold and Cargill entered into that certain First Amendment
to Second Amended and Restated Facility Lease, effective March 1, 2022,
extending the term of the Facility Lease through December 31, 2026. Under the
terms of the amended Facility Lease, Cargill paid ProGold an annual lease
payment of 15.5 million in 2021 and 2022, will pay an annual lease payment of
 15.5 million in 2023, and 16 million in 2024 through 2026. Cargill also agreed
to pay the Cooperative 1.29 million at closing as an early buyout of previously
committed and deployed capital projects. 
 The wet-milling facility was
built in 1995. As processing facilities age, more extensive maintenance becomes
necessary to keep the facility in good working order. During the term of the
Facility Lease, Cargill will deploy capital for several approved projects
estimated at 25 million. Cargill will have a leasehold interest in these
capital projects and will receive the benefit of depreciation during the term of
the Facility Lease. Additionally, ProGold agreed to pay at least 750,000 in
2022 and 2023, and 500,000 in 2024 through 2026, for infrastructure maintenance
and may also be required to pay additional sums in order to make certain capital
improvements. The payments will reduce any income available for ProGold s
members at the time of such expenses. The Cooperative and Cargill would
experience any such reduction in ProGold s income proportionately based on their
percentage ownership of ProGold. 
 Membership and Delivery Obligations 
 Annually, the Cooperative is
required to deliver approximately 15,490,480 bushels of corn to Cargill for
processing at the ProGold facility. The Cooperative s members deliver corn to
the ProGold facility on the Cooperative s behalf to meet this delivery
obligation. 
 Any person residing in the United
States can own Units in the Cooperative as long as that person delivers or
provides for the delivery of corn for processing at the ProGold facility.
Ownership of our Units requires our members to deliver corn to the Cooperative
in proportion to the number of Units each member holds. Currently 15,490,480
Units are issued and outstanding. The Cooperative s income and losses are
allocated to our members based on the volume of corn a member delivers or has
delivered. Subject to certain limitations, as long as a member patronizes the
Cooperative by delivering corn in proportion to the number of Units held by the
member, the member will be allocated a corresponding portion of our income (or
loss). In this way, we operate on a cooperative basis. 
 To hold our Units a member is
required to execute a Uniform Member Agreement that obligates the member to
deliver corn to us and an Annual Delivery Agreement by which each member
annually elects the member s method to deliver corn either Method A or Method
B, or a combination of both. Under Method A, a member is required to physically
deliver the required bushels of corn to us either at the ProGold facility or
another location designated by the Cooperative. Under Method B, a member
appoints us as its agent to arrange for the acquisition and delivery of the
required bushels of corn on the member s behalf. 
 In order to provide delivery
services to our members in the most cost-effective manner, the Cooperative has
entered into an agreement with Cargill whereby we appoint Cargill as our agent
to arrange for the delivery of the corn by our members who elect to deliver corn using Method A, and we
appoint Cargill as our agent to acquire corn on our behalf for our members who
elect to deliver corn using Method B. If a member elects to deliver corn using
Method B, the price per bushel the Cooperative pays to the member is equal to
the price per bushel paid by Cargill to acquire the corn as our agent. The
Cooperative pays members who deliver corn under Method A the market price or
contracted price for their corn at the time of delivery. Members who deliver
corn under Method A also receive from the Cooperative an incentive payment of
 .05 per bushel on the corn that they deliver, while members who elect Method B
to deliver corn pay to the Cooperative a .02 per bushel agency fee for the cost
of having us deliver corn on their behalf. The incentive payment for Method A
deliveries and the agency fee for Method B deliveries are subject to annual
adjustment at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. While the
Cooperative is financially responsible for the various payments to the members
for corn, Cargill, serving as the Cooperative s administrative agent, issues
payments to members for corn on the Cooperative s behalf. 
 3 

Annually, we notify Cargill of
the number of bushels of Method A corn to be delivered by each member who has
elected to deliver corn by Method A. Once we provide notification to Cargill of
the number of bushels of corn, Cargill then confirms the amount of corn with
each member and notifies that member with respect to quality specifications,
allowances, deductions and premiums to be applicable to that corn. The member
with a Method A corn commitment then directly contracts with Cargill for corn
delivered by Method A. At the end of each month Cargill reports the number of
Method A bushels delivered and the average daily price paid for corn that
Cargill purchased from members on the Cooperative s behalf. The product of the
number of bushels delivered multiplied by the average monthly market price is
reported as Method A corn expense. In the event a member who has elected to
deliver corn by Method A delivers to Cargill more than its delivery commitment,
any corn delivered in excess of that commitment is handled as a direct sale of
corn to Cargill. In the event a member who has elected to deliver corn by Method
A delivers to Cargill less than its committed amount of corn, the quantity of
the shortfall is then purchased and delivered by Cargill on our behalf. The
purchase price is equal to the average price reported for Method A corn for the
final month of the year. In addition, the Method A member with a shortfall will
be charged a purchased corn fee and agency fee determined by the Board of
Directors. 
 Cargill purchases the remainder
of the corn to be delivered by us on behalf of our Method B delivering members
at such time and in such quantities as it deems appropriate and in the best
interest of the Cooperative and Cargill. Each quarter, the Cooperative notifies
Cargill of the number of Method B bushels to be purchased during the quarter.
Cargill will certify to the Cooperative that it has purchased the necessary
Method B bushels. The price paid is reported as the Method B corn revenue,
calculated by multiplying the weighted average price for Method A corn delivered
during the quarter by the number of Method B bushels delivered during the
quarter. 
 In exchange for the services set
forth above with respect to handling our member s delivery of corn to the
wet-milling facility, we paid Cargill an annual fee of 60,000 in 2022. This fee
was paid in quarterly installments. In addition, we also pay Cargill a
per-bushel fee if a Method A member fails to deliver corn. This amount is in
addition to any reimbursement we are required to pay Cargill for a Method A
member s failure to deliver. All of our agreements with Cargill terminate at the
expiration of the Facility Lease between Cargill and ProGold. 
 Allocation of Income and/or
Losses 
 When members deliver corn to the
Cooperative for processing at the facility, they are paid a market price for the
corn that is delivered. In addition, members have a right to receive added value
for the efforts in the form of patronage based on each member s proportionate
share of the Cooperative s income from ProGold that is derived primarily from
Cargill s lease of the facility. 
 Our Third Amended and Restated
Bylaws Bylaws establish a Method A delivery pool and a Method B delivery
pool. Generally, our income and/or losses are allocated annually based on the
percentage of bushels of corn our members elect to deliver using either Method A
or Method B. Regardless of the actual percentage allocation between our members
who deliver bushels of corn using Method A or Method B, our Bylaws require us to
annually allocate at least 25 of our income and/or losses to the Method A pool.
The amount of our income and/or losses actually allocated to the Method A pool
is a percentage equal to the greater of 25 or the actual percentage of bushels
of corn delivered by our members using Method A. 
 If less than 25 of the bushels
of corn are delivered by members using Method A, the members who elect Method A
will be allocated 25 of our income and/or losses even though they deliver less
than 25 of the bushels of corn obligated to be delivered by us to Cargill. As a
result of this requirement, a Method A member may receive a greater proportionate allocation of our income and/or losses
than a Method B member who contracted to have the same amount of corn delivered. 
 4 

For each of the 2021 and 2022
fiscal years, our members elected to and delivered 27 of the bushels of corn by
Method A and 73 of the bushels of corn by Method B. For each year, this
resulted in 27 of our income and/or losses and 27 of any cash distributions
being allocated to the Method A pool. This reflects the actual percentage of
members who elected to deliver corn using Method A and does not result in
reallocation to meet the 25 requirement set forth in our governing documents.
 
 Government Regulations and Environmental Compliance 
 The Cooperative does not
anticipate any material effects of governmental regulations on its business. To
the extent government regulations, including environmental regulations, require
certain capital improvements to the ProGold facility, ProGold may be required to
pay for such improvements. The payments would reduce any income available for
the Cooperative, as a member of ProGold, at the times of such expenses. We do
not expect that the cost of complying with these regulations will have a
material impact on our distribution from ProGold for the current fiscal year.
 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, the
Cooperative had 1 full-time employee, Executive Vice President, Scott
Stofferahn, who serves in the capacity of chief executive officer and chief
financial officer. 
 Competition 
 As a grower-owned cooperative
whose members are contractually obligated to deliver corn, the Cooperative
generally does not face competition in the marketplace for corn. More
importantly, its governing documents and contractual arrangements with Cargill
contain contractual incentives for growers to deliver corn to the Cooperative
and not to another processor. Even if members do not fully satisfy their
delivery commitments, there are sufficient supplies of corn to be purchased in
the open market to meet any contract obligations to Cargill, with any costs to
be charged to the defaulting member. 
 The Cooperative was formed in
1994 by a group of corn growers with a goal of adding value to the corn they
delivered for processing. Members invested in the Cooperative with the goal of
creating a facility where they could not only find a certain market for their
corn but where they could also benefit from a long term investment in a value
added enterprise such as the ProGold facility. There is no competition in
attracting members to the Cooperative and its services. Other grain shippers and
corn processing facilities in the region provide competition for the purchase of
corn from members, but most do not provide the opportunity for membership or
partial ownership and any resulting additional profits from the operation or
lease of their facilities. 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item. 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item. 
 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease executive office space
at 1002 Main Avenue West, Suite 5, West Fargo, ND 58078. The Cooperative s
office space needs are limited and easily met by a market rate lease. 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Cooperative is not currently
involved in any legal proceedings. In addition, we are not aware of any
potential claims that could result in the commencement of legal proceedings. 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 5 

PART II 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 There is no established trading
market for our Units. To maintain our partnership tax status, members may not
trade their Units on an established securities market or readily trade Units on
a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof). All transfers are
subject to approval by the Board of Directors and a determination that the
transfer will not cause us to be deemed a publicly traded partnership. In
accordance with the publicly traded partnership rules, the Cooperative has made
arrangements with FNC Ag Stock, LLC to serve as a qualified matching service for
our members. 
 Our Bylaws restrict the ability
of our members to transfer their Units. To help ensure that a secondary market
does not develop, our Bylaws prohibit transfers without the approval of our
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors will not approve transfers unless
they fall within safe harbors contained in the publicly traded partnership
rules under the Code and the related rules and regulations. Any transfers of
Units in violation of the publicly traded partnership rules or without the prior
consent of the Board of Directors will be invalid. 
 There are no outstanding warrants
or options to purchase, or securities convertible into, our Units. As of the
date hereof, there are 15,490,480 Units that are eligible for sale pursuant to
Rule 144. We have not agreed to register any Units under the Securities Act for
sale by members. 
 Holders 
 As of the date hereof, there are
1,480 holders of the Cooperative s Units determined by an examination of the
Cooperative s equity records that the Cooperative maintains. Our Units are
uncertificated. 
 Distributions 
 The Cooperative, to the extent
cash is available, generally plans to make distributions to its members. The
Cooperative may make cash distributions at such time and in such amounts as
determined from time to time by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion;
provided that we must annually, on or before March 1 of each year, make a cash
distribution to our then current members equal to at least thirty percent (30 of the income allocated to members for the prior year. Any such cash
distributions shall be made in a uniform and equitable basis among the members
within a particular allocation pool on the basis of patronage. Such cash
distributions will be reduced by any tax withholding payments that are made on
the member s behalf. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the
Cooperative made aggregate cash distributions to members of 6,041,000. For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Cooperative made aggregate cash
distributions to members of 6,506,000. For more information regarding factors
considered by the Board of Directors in determining the amount of cash
distributions, see the section entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources in
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 
 The Cooperative currently has no
equity compensation plan. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by Golden Growers
Cooperative 
 None. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 6 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the Cooperative s financial statements, the
notes thereto and the other financial data included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains
forward- looking statements. Such statements are based on assumptions by
the Cooperative s management as of the date of this report and are
subject to risks and uncertainties, as discussed in the section entitled
 Forward Looking Statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on
such forward-looking statements. 
 Results of Operations 
 The Cooperative derives revenue
from two sources: operations related to the marketing of members corn and
income derived from the Cooperative s membership interest in ProGold. The corn
marketing operations generate revenue for the Cooperative equal to the value of
the corn that is delivered to Cargill for processing at the facility. The
Cooperative recognizes expense equal to this same amount which results in the
corn marketing operations being revenue neutral to the Cooperative, except for
revenue from the Method B agency fee and expenses related to the Method A
incentive payments, required licensing and bonding expenses, and the service fee
paid to Cargill. 
 The Cooperative sold
approximately 15.5 million bushels of corn on behalf of its members in each of
fiscal 2021 and 2022. The Cooperative recognized corn revenue of 107,409,000 in
fiscal 2022 as compared to 89,565,000 in fiscal 2021, an increase of 20 due
primarily to an increase in the price of corn sold. The Cooperative recognized
corn expense of 107,451,000 in fiscal 2022 and 89,605,000 in fiscal 2021, an
increase of 20 due primarily to an increase in the price of corn purchased. 
 In fiscal 2022, the Cooperative s
members, on the Cooperative s behalf, delivered to Cargill 4,161,000 bushels of
corn using Method A and 11,329,000 bushels of corn using Method B. In fiscal
2021, the Cooperative s members, on the Cooperative s behalf, delivered to
Cargill 4,141,000 bushels of corn using Method A and 11,349,000 bushels of corn
using Method B. In each of fiscal 2022 and 2021, the Cooperative recognized
incentive fee expense of 208,000 and agency fee income of 227,000 for this
period as well as 60,000 of expense for Cargill s services as our agent in
connection with the Cooperative s corn marketing operation. 
 The Cooperative derived
 6,751,000 of income from ProGold in fiscal year 2022, a decrease of 1,667,000
or 19.8 as compared to 8,418,000 of income in fiscal 2021. The decrease in
income received from ProGold was due primarily to a decrease in supplemental
lease revenue in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 The Cooperative s general and
administrative expenses include salaries and benefits, professional fees and
fees paid to our Board of Directors. The general and administrative expenses for
fiscal 2022 were 537,000, an increase of 52,000 or 11 as compared to fiscal
2021. The increase was due primarily to increased legal and general
administrative costs. 
 Other Income 
 Other income for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022, was 508,000 compared to 137,000 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due primarily to increased investment
income. Realized gain(loss) on investments for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, was 286,000 as compared to 0 for the same respective period in
2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Cooperative s working capital
was 6,969,000 at December 31, 2022 and 5,935,000 at December 31, 2021. The
increased working capital in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily a result of
increased ProGold distributions received during 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 The Cooperative received cash
distributions from ProGold totaling 9,595,000 in fiscal 2022 and 4,589,000 in
fiscal 2021. Increased ProGold LLC distributions are related to the distribution
of ProGold reserves prior to the change in ownership of ProGold on March 1,
2022. The Cooperative paid cash distributions to its members totaling 6,506,000
in fiscal 2022 and 6,041,000 in fiscal 2021. 
 7 

In fiscal 2018, the Cooperative
invested a portion of its cash reserves in bonds. To ensure that the Cooperative
would have access to cash if needed before the maturity of the bonds, the
Cooperative also established a 2,000,000 line of credit with a variable
interest rate based on the prime rate that terminates on October 16, 2024. The
line of credit is secured by the Investment Management Agency account for Golden
Growers maintained by Bell Bank. There was no outstanding balance as of December
31, 2022. 
 The Cooperative had no long-term
debt as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The Cooperative used operating
cash flows of 410,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 384,000
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The increased use of operating cash
flows is primarily due to timing of payments for operating costs. 
 Management believes that non-cash
working capital levels are appropriate in the current business environment and
does not expect a significant increase or reduction of non-cash working capital
in the next 12 months. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management s estimate of the
carrying value of the investment in ProGold is based on historical cost plus its
pro-rata share of ProGold s net income and additional paid-in capital less
distributions received from ProGold. 
 The Cooperative does not pay out
Method A incentive payments or collect Method B agency fees until the end of its
fiscal year. These amounts are accrued quarterly and then confirmed at the end
of the fiscal year. The total annual Method B agency fee was determinable once
the members completed their delivery method determination prior to January 1,
2022. The quarterly Method B bushel delivery and agency fee revenue was
calculated by allocating the portion of the total annual agency fee for a
particular quarter or cumulating it for the particular period. The annual Method
B bushel delivery and agency fee revenue is confirmed at the conclusion of the
fiscal year. The Cooperative tracks Method A corn deliveries throughout the year
so it can report the bushels of corn delivered by its members as well as the
corresponding Method A incentive fees earned. The final amounts owed by or due
to Cargill and/or the Cooperative s members who elect to deliver using Method A
is not calculated until after December 31 in order to account for any failures
to deliver or over-deliveries of corn. 
 The Cooperative has determined
corn revenue and corn expense for Method B deliveries based on the average
quarterly cost per bushel paid by Cargill to the Cooperative s members for
Method A quarterly deliveries. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 There are no recent accounting
pronouncements issued or adopted that have a significant impact to the
cooperative. 
 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 
 As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item. 
 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 
 The Cooperative s financial
statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 have been
audited to the extent indicated in this report by Widmer Roel PC, an independent
registered public accounting firm. The financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and are included in
Appendix A of this report. 
 Item 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 8 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of
the Exchange Act, the person serving as the Cooperative s chief executive
officer and chief financial officer has reviewed and evaluated, as of the end of
the period covered by this report, the effectiveness of the Cooperative s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act). Based on that review and
evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer has
concluded that the Cooperative s current disclosure controls and procedures, as
designed and implemented, are effective in ensuring that information relating to
the Cooperative required to be disclosed in the reports the Cooperative files or
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Security and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and
communicated to the Cooperative s management, including the chief executive
officer and the chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 
 Management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 
 All internal control systems, no
matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, because of changes in conditions, the
effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
 Management assessed the
effectiveness of the Cooperative s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2022, using criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework) and concluded that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 based on these criteria. 
 This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Cooperative s registered public accounting
firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by the Cooperative s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the
Cooperative to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the
Cooperative s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Cooperative s most recent fiscal quarter that may have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 9 

PART III 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 
 The Cooperative s Board of
Directors consists of nine directors, including two District Directors from each
of three geographic districts, North, Central and South, and three directors
serving as Directors-at-Large. District Directors must belong to the district
they represent and be elected by a majority of the members from their geographic
district voting in an election for that purpose. Directors-at-Large may come
from any district, but must be elected by a majority of all members voting in an
election for that purpose. Except as further described herein, directors are
elected to serve three-year terms. A director cannot serve more than four
consecutive full three-year terms on the Board. 
 Regardless of the type of
directorship, director nominees must be members of the Cooperative holding Units
of the Cooperative. In the case of a holder of Units who is other than a natural
person, a duly appointed or elected representative of such member may serve as a
director. 
 Each year, three directors are
elected through the use of mailed ballots with notice of the annual meeting
provided to members qualified to vote as of the record date. However, pursuant
to transitional voting as set forth in Bylaws, in the 2023 Annual Election,
members from the North district will elect one District Director to serve a
two-year term, members from the Central district will elect one District
Director for a three-year term, and members from the South district will elect
one District Director for a three-year term. All members qualified to vote as of
the record date will be provided a mail ballot to elect one Director-at-Large
for a three-year term. Election results shall be determined based on timely
received mailed ballots and ballots collected at the annual meeting of the
members. 
 Each person s experience,
qualifications, attributes or skills to serve as a director are determined by
the voting members and are not reviewed or otherwise considered by the
Cooperative before any election. The Cooperative does not have a nominating
committee. A qualified member indicates his or her interest to serve by
submitting a petition no later than twenty-one days before the annual meeting.
If a member from a particular district, or from the general pool, does not come
forward indicating a desire to run for election to serve as a director, then
that seat on the Board of Directors becomes or remains unfilled. 
 The Cooperative s Board officers
consist of a Chairperson, First Vice Chairperson, Second Vice Chairperson,
Treasurer and Secretary of the Board. These board offices are populated by
members of the Board of Directors who are elected by and at the discretion of
the Board of Directors. Each of these individual s experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills to serve in their capacity as a board officer are
determined by the members of the Board of Directors who are voting to place
these individuals in these offices. 
 The name, age, position, district and term details of each of
the directors and the Cooperative s Named Executive Officer are as follows: 

Director 

Term Expires 

Name and
 Position 
 
 Age 

District 

Since 

Mark Harless (Chairperson) 
 
 66 

North 

2011 

2023 

Brett Johnson (Vice Chairperson) 
 
 55 

Central 

2013 

2025 

Blane Benedict (Director) 
 
 62 

North 

2022 

2024 

Richard Bot (Director) 
 
 68 

South 

2017 

2023 

Matthew Hasbargen (Secretary) 
 
 51 

At Large 

2013 

2025 

Scott Jetvig (Treasurer) 
 
 56 

At Large 

2015 

2024 

Chris Johnson (Director) 
 
 66 

Central 

2022 

2023 

Brady Koehl (Director) 
 
 29 

At Large 

2022 

2023 

Larry Vipond (Director) 
 
 72 

South 

2015 

2024 

Executive Officer 

Scott Stofferahn 
 
 65 

10 

Below is the biographical information of each director and our
Named Executive Officer. 
 Blane Benedict. Mr. Benedict was elected in March 2022
for a two-year term. Mr. Benedict has farmed near Sabin, MN since 1980 . Mr.
Benedict also operates a farm business management company. Mr. Benedict attended
North Dakota State University and later received a degree in Farm Business
Management from Northland Community and Technical College. He is a director and
former Chair of Agrasure, a MN farmers-only Workers Compensation Insurance
Agency and has served as council chairperson of his church. 
 Richard Bot. Mr. Bot has been a director since March
2017. Mr. Bot farms in partnership with his brother near Minneota, MN where he
raises feed grains and feeder lambs. From 1990 to 1996, Mr. Bot served on the
Yellow Medicine Watershed board. Mr. Bot has been a clerk of the Westerheim
Township Board since 2002. Mr. Bot is currently a member of the of the Minnesota
Rotary Club where he has served as President and as Assistant District Governor.
Mr. Bot has a Bachelor of Science degree in Animal Science from South Dakota
State University. Mr. Bot is seeking reelection in the Cooperative s 2023 Annual
Election. 
 Mark L. Harless. Mr. Harless has been a director since
March of 2011 and Chairperson since March 2015. He previously served as Vice
Chairperson from March 2013 to March 2015. Mr. Harless has farmed near Moorhead,
Minnesota, since 1985. Mr. Harless serves as President of the Lee Bean and Seed,
Inc., an edible bean elevator located in Borup, Minnesota, where he has been
employed since 1985. Mr. Harless received his Bachelor of Science degree in
Communications from Concordia College. Mr. Harless has reached the term
limitation for serving on the Cooperative s Board of Directors and, therefore,
is not eligible to be re-elected in the Cooperative s 2023 Annual Election. The
Cooperative thanks Mr. Harless for his years of service. 
 Matt Hasbargen. Mr. Hasbargen has been a director since
March 2013, Secretary since March 2015, and Chairperson of the Strategic
Planning Committee since March 2020. He farms near Breckenridge, Minnesota with
his father and brother. In the winter months he works for AgCountry Farm Credit
Services as a Senior Insurance Specialist, Trainer. Prior to returning home to
farm in 1999, Mr. Hasbargen worked for Minnesota Life in St. Paul, Minnesota
where he managed life insurance accounts for Farm Credit districts throughout
the United States. Mr. Hasbargen holds an Economics degree from Concordia
College. 
 Scott Jetvig. Mr. Jetvig has been a director since March
2015 and as Second Vice-Chairperson since March 2022. Mr. Jetvig has farmed near
Hawley, Minnesota since 1987. In addition to his individual farming operation,
Mr. Jetvig is President of SKJ Investments, Inc., an incorporated farming
operation. Mr. Jetvig served on Halstad Mutual Fire Insurance Company and Hawley
Lutheran Church boards. Mr. Jetvig holds Business Administration and Economics
degrees from Moorhead State University. 
 Brett Johnson. Mr. Johnson has been a director since
March 2013, 1 st Vice Chairperson and Finance and Audit Committee Vice
Chairperson since March 2022. He farms in partnership with his brother near
Mooreton, ND where they raise corn, soybeans, and sunflowers. Mr. Johnson
previously served twenty one years as a Township Officer, twelve years on the
Wyndmere, ND School Board, and six years on the North Dakota Soybean Council. He
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural Economics from North Dakota
State University. 
 Chris Johnson. Mr. Johnson was elected as a director in
March 2022 for a one-year term. Previously Mr. Johnson served as a director from
2008 through 2020 when he reached his term limit. Mr. Johnson has farming
operations located near Great Bend, North Dakota, and has been farming since
1974. Mr. Johnson is the owner/operator of C and S Farms, Inc. Mr. Johnson
served on the Board of Directors for Farmers Elevator Co. of Hankinson, Great
Bend, Mantador. Mr. Johnson has a Bachelor of Science Degree in
Agricultural Economics from North Dakota State University. Mr. Johnson is not
seeking reelection in the Cooperative s 2023 Annual Election. The Cooperative
thanks Mr. Johnson for his service. 
 Brady Koehl. Mr. Koehl was elected as a director in
March 2022 for a one-year term. Mr. Koehl is a Certified Public Accountant and
the controller at CR Koehl and Sons, Inc., his family s farming operation
located in Hancock, MN. Mr. Koehl received a Bachelor of Science Degree in
Accounting with minors in Ag Business Management and Economics from Southwest
Minnesota State University. Prior to joining CR Koehl, Mr. Koehl was employed as
a public accountant with Conway, Deuth .Schmiesing, PLLP. Mr. Koehl is
seeking reelection in the Cooperative s 2023 Annual Election. 
 11 

Lawrence A. Vipond. Mr. Vipond has been a director since
March 2015, Chairman of the Personnel and Compensation Committee since March
2020, and Treasurer since March 2022. Mr. Vipond has been farming since 1971 and
is a partner in Vipond Farms of Norcross, MN. Mr. Vipond previously served on
the New Horizons Board of Directors and the St. Charles Church Board. Mr. Vipond
also served as Chairman of the Herman Community Center Capital Fund Drive. Mr.
Vipond attended Fergus Falls Community College. 
 Scott Stofferahn. Mr. Stofferahn was elected Executive
Vice President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Cooperative effective October 15, 2012. Starting in March 2001, Mr. Stofferahn
worked as State Director for North Dakota Senator Kent Conrad. Prior to that, he
was the State Executive Director for the North Dakota Farm Service Agency from
1993 to 2001. Mr. Stofferahn has extensive public service experience including
serving in the North Dakota State House of Representatives from 1982 to 1992.
Mr. Stofferahn received his Bachelor of Science Degree from North Dakota State
University. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee assists the
Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to the
Cooperative s financial reporting and controls, the annual independent audit of
the Cooperative s financial statements and the legal compliance and ethics
programs as established by management and the Board of Directors. The Audit
Committee selects the independent public accountants and approves the fees,
scope and procedural plans of the audits of the Cooperative s financial
statements. The Audit Committee administers the Cooperative s employee complaint
program and handles, on behalf of the full Board of Directors, any issues that
arise under the Cooperative s Code of Ethics. The Audit Committee has a charter
that is available from the Cooperative upon request. 
 During fiscal year 2022, the
members of the Audit Committee were Brett Johnson, Chair, Richard Bot, Scott
Jetvig, Brady Koehl, and Mark Harless. The Board of Directors of the Cooperative
has determined that Mr. Koehl is an audit committee financial expert as
defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. See Item 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE regarding Mr.
Koehl s independence. 
 Report of the Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee has reviewed
and discussed with management and Widmer Roel our audited financial statements
contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. The Audit Committee also discussed with Widmer Roel the matters
required to be discussed pursuant to PCAOB AS 1301, which includes, among other
items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of the Cooperative s
financial statements. 
 The Audit Committee has received
and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from Widmer Roel required by
the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
regarding Widmer Roel s communications with the Audit Committee concerning its
independence from the Cooperative and has discussed with Widmer Roel its
independence from the Cooperative. 
 Based on the review and
discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that
the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 
 Audit Committee 
 Brett Johnson, Chair Richard Bot Scott Jetvig Brady
Koehl Mark Harless 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Cooperative has adopted a
code of ethics that applies to its executive officer and directors of the
Cooperative. The Cooperative s code of ethics is posted on its website. The
Cooperative intends to include on its website, within the time period required
by Form 8-K, any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or
persons performing similar functions, that relates to any element of the Code of
Ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. 
 12 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 The Cooperative only has a single
employee who serves in the capacity of its chief executive officer and chief
financial officer (our Named Executive Officer). The primary objective of the
Cooperative s executive compensation program is to maintain a compensation
program that will fairly compensate the Named Executive Officer. In determining
the compensation of the Named Executive Officer, the Personnel and Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors considers the financial condition and
operational performance of the Cooperative during the prior year. 
 The Personnel and Compensation
Committee may review the compensation practices of other companies, based in
part on market survey data and other statistical data relating to executive
compensation obtained through industry publications and other sources. The
Personnel and Compensation Committee does not intend to benchmark executive
compensation directly with other publicly traded companies or other companies
with which we may compete for potential executives since some of these
competitors are privately held companies for which executive compensation
information may not be available. However, the Personnel and Compensation
Committee may compare executive compensation as a whole with the compensation
packages of other companies for which survey data is available, and may also
compare the pay of individual executives if the jobs are sufficiently similar to
make the comparison meaningful. 
 Perquisites and Other Benefits 
 401(k) Plan 
 The Cooperative makes available a
401(k) plan for its Named Executive Officer. The Cooperative pays four percent
(4 of employee s annual salary into the plan, and the employee may make
additional contributions up to the lawful limits. 
 Employment Agreements 
 Mr. Stofferahn is not party to an
employment agreement with the Cooperative. 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement 
 The Cooperative has not adopted
any bonus, profit sharing, or deferred compensation plans other than a pension
plan for which accruals were frozen as of January 1, 2013 and under which two
former employees receive benefits. In December 2022, the Cooperative approved a
resolution to terminate the pension plan on March 31, 2023. The Cooperative
anticipates that the process of terminating the plan will conclude in July
2024. 
 Compensation Policies and Practices and Risk Management 
 
 Mr. Stofferahn s compensation is
set by the Board. In the event it is modified, such a modification is based on a
performance evaluation conducted by our Personnel and Compensation Committee
that consists solely of members of the Board. As discussed throughout this
report, the revenue and expenses of the Cooperative directly relate to the price
of corn as well as the rental income received by ProGold and capital improvement
expenditures made by ProGold for the facility. Mr. Stofferahn has no control
over these factors. Based on this reality, no risks arise from the Cooperative s
compensation policies and practices that are reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on its business operations. 
 13 

Summary Executive Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth,
for the last two calendar years, the dollar value of all compensation awarded
to, earned by or paid to Mr. Stofferahn. 

All Other 

Salary 

Compensation 

Total 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) (1) 

) 

Scott Stofferahn, Executive
 Vice President 
 
 2022 

183,136 

19,559 

202,695 

2021 

173,986 

21,734 

195,720 
 
 ____________________________________ 
 Mr. Stofferahn commenced his
employment on October 15, 2012. 
 (1) All Other Compensation is comprised of premiums paid for
life and disability insurance, company contributions to the 401(k) plan and
reimbursements from the health reimbursement account. 
 Director Compensation 
 The Cooperative reimburses our
directors for expenses incurred in connection with board service. The
Cooperative s directors are paid 150 per month and the Chairperson is paid 375
per month. In addition, directors and the Chairperson receive a per diem of:

300 per meeting they attend when the meeting
 plus their travel time exceeds 4 hours; 

150 per meeting they attend when the meeting
 plus their travel time is more than 2 but less than 4 hours; 

100 per meeting they attend when the meeting
 plus their travel time is more than 1 but less than 2 hours.
 
 The following table sets forth
for the year ending December 31, 2022 the dollar value of all cash and non-cash
compensation paid to individuals serving as directors of the Cooperative during
fiscal year 2022. 

Fees 

Earned or 

Paid in 

Name 
 
 Cash 

Total 

Blane Benedict 
 
 2,550 

2,550 

David Benedict 
 
 950 

950 

Richard Bot 
 
 3,900 

3,900 

Mark Harless 
 
 7,900 

7,900 

Matt Hasbargen 
 
 4,450 

4,450 

Scott Jetvig 
 
 3,050 

3,050 

Brett Johnson 
 
 4,650 

4,650 

Chris Johnson 
 
 2,550 

2,550 

Brady Koehl 
 
 2,650 

2,650 

Byron Koehl 
 
 850 

850 

Nicolas A. Pyle 
 
 950 

950 

Larry Vipond 
 
 3,450 

3,450 

David Benedict, Byron Koehl, and Nicholas A Pyle retired
effective after the 2022 Annual Member Meeting. 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth,
as of March 7, 2023 the number of Units beneficially owned and the percent so
owned by (1) each of our directors as of such date, (2) Scott
Sto ff erahn, our E xecutive Vice President (our Named Executive
Officer) and (3) all of our Directors and the Named Executive Officer as a
group. The number of Units owned by each person are those beneficially owned, as
determined under the rules of the SEC, and such information is not necessarily
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules,
beneficial ownership includes any Units as to which a person has sole or shared
voting power or investment power and any Units which the person has the right to
acquire within 60 days through the exercise of any option, warrant or right,
through conversion of any security or pursuant to the automatic termination of a
power of attorney or revocation of a trust, discretionary account or similar
arrangement. The applicable percentage ownership is based on 15,490,480 Units
outstanding held by 1,480 members. Each member of the Cooperative is allowed to
cast one vote at any meeting of the members, regardless of the number of Units
actually held by that member. Some of our directors hold their Units through
more than one entity which allows those directors to cast a vote for each one of
those members. The address of each director and our Named Executive Officer is
1002 Main Avenue W, Suite 5, West Fargo, ND 58078. 
 14 

Amount and
 Nature of 

Beneficial
 Ownership 

Number of 

Number
 of 

Membership 

Percentage 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Units
 (1) 

Votes (2) 

of Class 

Benedict, Blane 

40,000 

1 

0.26 

Bot, Richard 

204,700 
 (3) 
 
 1 

1.32 

Harless, Mark 

58,000 

1 

0.37 

Hasbargen, Matt 

8,000 
 (4) 
 
 1 

0.05 

Jetvig, Scott 

30,000 

1 

0.19 

Johnson, Brett 

25,000 

1 

0.16 

Johnson, Chris 

31,000 
 (5) 
 
 2 

0.20 

Koehl, Brady 

9,000 
 (6) 
 
 2 

0.06 

Vipond, Larry 

77,000 
 (7) 
 
 1 

0.50 

Stofferahn, Scott 

16,667 
 (8) 
 
 1 

0.11 

All directors and executive
 officers as a group (10 people) 

499,367 

3.22 

(1) 
 
 Membership interests are measured Units which equal the
 holder s proportionate financial right but not a governance
 right. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Voting rights are based on one member one vote. Each
 person or entity that holds units is a member for voting purposes. Some
 officers and directors own their units through multiple entities resulting
 in multiple membership votes. 
 
 (3) 
 
 Includes 102,350 Units owned directly by Mr. Bot s
 Revocable Living Trust and 102,350 Units owned by Mr. Bot s spouse s
 Revocable Living Trust. 
 
 (4) 
 
 Included 8,000 Units owned by Matthew Hasbargen Farm LLC
 of which Mr. Hasbargen is President. 
 
 (5) 
 
 Includes 21,000 Units owned by C and S Farms, Chris
 Johnson, President and 10,000 Units owned by Mr. Johnson s
 spouse. 
 
 (6) 
 
 Includes 4,000 Units held by Mr. Koehl and 5,000 Units
 owned by FTW LLP of which Mr. Koehl is a 2.3 owner. 
 
 (7) 
 
 Includes 8,000 Units held by Mr. Vipond and 69,000 Units
 owned by Vipond Farms of which Mr. Vipond is a 20 owner. 
 
 (8) 
 
 Includes indirect interest in 16,667 Units owned by Mr.
 Stofferahn s spouse. 
 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 In accordance with the
Cooperative s Bylaws, only people who are members of the Cooperative or
representatives of members can serve on our Board of Directors. As members of
the Cooperative (or representatives of members), all of our directors have a
contractual patronage relationship with the Cooperative that obligates them to
deliver or contract to deliver corn to the Cooperative for processing. As a
result of this patronage relationship, the Cooperative s directors, like all
other member of the Cooperative, receive allocations of profit/loss and cash
distributions. 
 The Cooperative has developed its
own definition of Independent Director that takes into account the patronage
relationship that exists between the Cooperative and each director. Under the
Cooperative s definition, the patronage relationship is not considered for
purposes of determining independence. However, other relevant relationships
between the Cooperative and the directors, and certain family members, are
considered in assessing independence. Except with respect to the
patronage relationship that exists, the Cooperative s
definition is consistent with the definition of an independent director found in
Section 303A.02 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual.
Below please find the Cooperative s definition of an independent director: 
 A director of the Cooperative
shall be considered an Independent Director unless: 

The director has a material financial
 relationship with the Cooperative (either directly or as a partner,
 shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with a
 company) other than the patronage relationship that exists between the
 Cooperative and each of its members. 
 15 

The director is, or has been within the last 3 years, an
 employee of the Cooperative; or immediate family member is, or has been
 within the last 3 years, an employee, of the Cooperative. 

The director has received, or an immediate family member
 has received, during any 12-month period within the last 3 years, more
 than 120,000 in direct compensation from the Cooperative, other than
 director or committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred
 compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not
 contingent in any way on continued service). 

(i) the director is a current partner or employee of a
 firm that is the Cooperative s internal or external auditor; (ii) the
 director has an immediate family member who is a current partner of such
 firm; (iii) the director has an immediate family member who is a current
 employee of such a firm and personally works on the Cooperative s audits;
 or (iv) the director or an immediate family member was, within the last 3
 years, a partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on the
 Cooperative s audit within that timeframe. 

The director or an immediate family member is, or has
 been within the last 3 years, employed as an executive officer of another
 company, or any of the Cooperative s present executive officers, at the
 same time serves or served on that company s compensation committee.

The director is a current employee, or an immediate
 family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made
 payments to, or received payments from, the Cooperative for property or
 services in an amount which, in any of the last 3 fiscal years, exceeds
 the greater of 1,000,000 or 2 of such company s consolidated gross
 revenues, other than as a result of such person s patronage relationship
 with the Cooperative. 

Based on the above definition, all of our directors are
 independent of management and of the Cooperative. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The following table presents fees
for professional audit services rendered by Widmer Roel for the audits of the
Cooperative s annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 and fees, if any, for other services rendered by Widmer Roel during
those periods. 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 
 
 41,773 

36,490 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 
 41,773 

36,490 

Audit Fees. The Audit Fees set forth above include the
aggregate fees billed by Widmer Roel to the Cooperative for audit services
related to the audit of the Cooperative s annual financial statements and review
of the statements included in the Cooperative s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
for fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 Audit-Related Fees. No
additional Audit-Related Fees were billed by Widmer Roel to the Cooperative for
assurance and related services provided by Widmer Roel related to the
performance of the audit or review of the Cooperative s financial statements for
fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 Tax Fees. No Tax Fees were
billed by Widmer Roel to the Cooperative for professional services rendered by
Widmer Roel for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning for fiscal 2022 and
2021. 
 All Other Fees. No Other
Fees were billed by Widmer Roel to the Cooperative for professional services
provided by Widmer Roel to the Cooperative for fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 The Cooperative s Audit Committee
pre-approves all professional services provided by Widmer Roel to the
Cooperative. The Audit Committee approved all of the services and the fees
billed for such services to the Cooperative. The Audit Committee makes its
decisions on the approval of services with due consideration given to
maintaining the independence of the principal accountant. None of the hours
expended on the audit of the 2022 financial statements were attributed to work
performed by persons who were not employed full time on a permanent basis by
Widmer Roel. 
 16 

PART IV 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 
 Documents filed as part of this
report. 

1. 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm. 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. 
 Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Statements of Changes in Members 
Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements.

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Not applicable. 

3. 
 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

2.1 

Articles of Merger of Golden Growers Cooperative and
 Golden Growers Cooperative is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
 from the Cooperative s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 30,
 2010. 

2.2 

Certificate of Conversion of Golden Growers Cooperative
 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 from the Cooperative s
 Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 30, 2010. 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Organization of Golden
 Growers Cooperative is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from the
 Cooperative s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 30, 2010.

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Golden Growers Cooperative
 dated September 1, 2009 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 from
 the Cooperative s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 30, 2010.

3.3 

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Golden Growers
 Cooperative dated March 28, 2020 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 from the Cooperative s Form 8-K filed April 2, 2020. 

3.4 

Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Golden Growers
 Cooperative dated March 24, 2022 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 from the Cooperative s Form 8-K filed March 30, 2022. 

4.1 

Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered
 Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed
 herewith. 

10.1 

Form of Uniform Member Agreement is incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 from the Cooperative s Registration Statement on
 Form 10 filed April 30, 2010. 

10.2 

Form of Annual Delivery Agreement is incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.3 from the Cooperative s Registration Statement on
 Form 10 filed April 30, 2010. 

10.3 

ProGold Limited Liability Company Amended and Restated
 Member Control Agreement between Golden Growers Cooperative and American
 Crystal Sugar Company dated September 1, 2009 is incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 from the Cooperative s Registration Statement on Form 10
 filed April 30, 2010. 
 17 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 

10.4 

Operating Agreement of ProGold Limited Liability Company
 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 from the Cooperative s
 Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 30, 2010. 

10.5 

Amendment to ProGold Limited Liability Company Member
 Control Agreement between Golden Growers Cooperative and American Crystal
 Sugar Company dated April 4, 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.7 from the Cooperative s Form 10-Q filed May 12, 2017. 

10.6 

Second Amended and Restated Grain Services Agreement
 between Golden Growers Cooperative and Cargill, Incorporated dated July 1,
 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 from the Cooperative s
 Form 10-K filed March 9, 2018. 

10.7 

Second Amended and Restated Corn Supply Agreement between
 Golden Growers Cooperative and Cargill, Incorporated dated July 1, 2017 is
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 from the Cooperative s Form 10-K
 filed March 9, 2018. 

10.8 

Consent Agreement among Golden Growers Cooperative,
 Cargill Incorporated, and American Crystal Sugar Company dated April 4,
 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the Cooperative s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 10, 2017. 

24.1 

Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 17 CFR
 13a-14(a) filed herewith. 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 filed herewith. 

99.1 

Audited Financial Statements of ProGold Limited Liability
 Company for the years ended August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021 is
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 from the Cooperative s Form 10-Q
 filed November 4, 2022. 

99.2 

Audited Financial Statements of ProGold Limited Liability
 Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 filed herewith 

101 

The following materials from this report, formatted in
 iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language) , are filed
 herewith: (i) Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021;
 (ii) Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
 and 2020; (iii) Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Statement of Changes in Members 
 Equity and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022,
 2021 and 2020; (v) Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Financial
 Statements. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 
 18 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, on March 8, 2023. 

GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE 

By: 
 /S/
 Scott Stofferahn 

Scott Stofferahn 
 
 Dated: 
 March 8, 2023 

Power of Attorney 
 Each person whose signature
appears below appoints Scott Stofferahn as their true and lawful attorney-in
fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the
undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to perform all acts
and execution of all documents which such attorney and agent may deem necessary
or desirable to enable Golden Growers Cooperative to comply with the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of
the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with
filing with the Commission the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Golden Growers
Cooperative for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all
amendments and exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith,
including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
power and authority to sign the names of the undersigned to the Form 10-K and to
any instruments and documents filed as part of or in connection with the Form
10-K or any amendments thereto; and the undersigned hereby ratify and confirm
all actions taken and documents signed by said attorney and agent as provided
herein. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
and as of March 8, 2023. 

/S/ Mark Harless

/S/
 Brett Johnson 
 
 Mark Harless (Chairperson) 
 
 Brett Johnson (Vice Chairperson) 

/S/ Blane Benedict

/S/
 Richard Bot 
 
 Blane Benedict (Director) 
 
 Richard Bot (Director) 

/S/ Matthew
 Hasbargen 
 
 /S/
 Scott Jetvig 
 
 Matthew Hasbargen (Director, Secretary) 
 
 Scott Jetvig (Director) 

/S/ Chris Johnson

/S/
 Brady Koehl 
 
 Chris Johnson (Director) 
 
 Brady Koehl (Director) 

/S/ Larry Vipond

Larry Vipond (Director) 

/S/ Scott
 Stofferahn 

Scott Stofferahn (principal executive, financial and
 accounting officer) 

19 

APPENDIX A 
 INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm (Firm: 
 A-1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021 
 A-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 A-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Members Equity for the Years
 Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 A-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 A-7 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 A-8 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
 To the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Members
 Golden Growers Cooperative West Fargo, North Dakota 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Golden
Growers Cooperative as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in members equity and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Golden Growers Cooperative as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Cooperative s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Cooperative s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to
 Golden Growers Cooperative in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Golden Growers Cooperative
 is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Cooperative s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A-1 

Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical Audit matters are matters arising from the current
period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Cooperative s auditor since 2008. 
 March 8, 2023 
 A-2 

GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE 
 BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 (Dollars In Thousands) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Short-Term
 Investments 

Other Current Assets 

Total Current Assets 

Long-Term Investments 

Investment in ProGold LLC 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS 
 EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Members' Equity: 

Members 
 Equity 
 Membership
 Units, Authorized Units, Issued
 and 
 Outstanding
 as of December 31, 2022
 and 
 December
 31, 2021 

Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive Loss 
 
 () 

Total Members Equity 

Total Liabilities and
 Members Equity 

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm and Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 A-3 

GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (Dollars In Thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATIONS 

Corn Revenue 

Corn Expense 
 
 ()

()

()

Net Income from ProGold LLC 

General Administrative
 Expenses 
 
 ()

()

()

Net Income from Operations

Other Income 

Net Income 

Weighted Average Shares/Units
 Outstanding 

Earnings per Share/Membership
 Unit 

Primary and Fully Diluted 

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm and Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 A-4 

GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (Dollars In Thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Net Income 

Unrealized loss on
 investments 
 
 ()

Comprehensive Income 

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm and Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 A-5 

GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS EQUITY FOR THE
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (Dollars In Thousands) 

Members 

Equity 

BALANCE December 31,
 2019 

Net income 

Member distributions 
 
 ()

Unrealized loss on investments 

BALANCE December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Member distributions 
 
 () 
 
 Unrealized loss on
 investments 

BALANCE December 31,
 2021 

Net income 

Member distributions 
 
 ()

Unrealized loss on investments 
 
 () 

BALANCE December 31, 2022 

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm and Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 A-6 

GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (Dollars In Thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows from Operating
 Activities 

Net Income 

Net (Income) from ProGold LLC 
 
 ()

()

()

Realized (Gain)
 Loss - Investments 
 
 () 

Changes in assets and
 liabilities 

Other Current Assets

() 

Accrued
 liabilities and payables 

()

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

(Purchase) Sale of investments 
 
 ()

()

()

Investment in
 ProGold LLC 
 
 () 

Distribution received from ProGold LLC 

Net Cash Provided in
 Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing
 Activities 

Member
 distributions paid 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Net Cash Used by Financing
 Activities 
 
 ()

()

()

Increase (Decrease) in Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

()

Cash and Cash Equivalents,
 Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents,
 End of Year 

Supplemental Schedule of
 Non-Cash Financing and Investing Activity 

Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments 
 
 ()

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm and Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 A-7 

GOLDEN GROWERS COOPERATIVE 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND
2020 
 interest in ProGold from American Crystal Sugar. Simultaneously
with the exercise of the Option, the Cooperative, pursuant to the Consent
Agreement, elected to purchase American Crystal s remaining interest in
ProGold. Under the joint venture, GG-ND (and indirectly its members) had the
right and obligation to deliver corn to be processed at the Facility. In 1997,
the Facility was leased to Cargill Incorporated Cargill who continues to
operate the Facility. In connection with the Option exercise, ProGold and
Cargill entered into that certain First Amended and Second Amended and Restated
Facility lease, effective March 1, 2022, which extended the term of the Facility
Lease through December 31, 2026. 
 On July 29, 2009 GG-ND formed a wholly owned cooperative
subsidiary in the state of Minnesota (GG-MN), organized under Minnesota Statutes
chapter 308A, solely for the purpose of reincorporating into the state of
Minnesota. On September 1, 2009, GG-ND merged into GG-MN and reincorporated into
the state of Minnesota. Immediately after the merger, GG-MN statutorily
converted into a cooperative association governed under Minnesota Statutes 308B.
As a result of its reincorporation and reorganization Golden Growers North
Dakota, a North Dakota cooperative association historically taxed as a
tax-exempt cooperative under Subchapter T of the Internal Revenue Code, became
Golden Growers Cooperative, a Minnesota cooperative association governed by
Minnesota Statutes chapter 308B as a cooperative for state law purposes but
taxed as a partnership under Subchapter K of the Internal Review Code for tax
purposes. Golden Growers Cooperative succeeded to the business of Golden Growers
 North Dakota and except for changes to the structure and operations as a
result of the reincorporation and statutory conversion, continues to operate the
business of Golden Growers North Dakota. 
 As part of the Conversion, GG-ND s members exchanged their
shares of Class A Common Voting Membership Stock and Class B Non-Voting Equity
Stock for identical and equal shares of such stock in GG-MN. Each member s
single share of Class A Common Voting Membership Stock was redeemed for and
each member received membership units in GG-MN equal to the number of shares of
Class B Non-Voting Equity Stock each member held in GG-ND prior to the Merger.
 
 Prior to September 1, 2009, ownership of membership stock,
which signified membership in the Cooperative, was restricted to producers of
agricultural products. The ownership of equity stock was restricted to members
of the Cooperative. Preferred stock could be held by persons who were not
members of the Cooperative. At August 31, 2009 and 2008, the Cooperative had
 shares of non-voting, par-value preferred stock authorized, of
which were issued or outstanding. Equity requirements, as determined by the
board of directors, could be retained from amounts due to patrons and credited
to members equity in the form of unit retains or allocated patronage. 
 The Cooperative reserved the right to acquire any of its stock
offered for sale and the right to recall the stock of any member. In the event
this right was exercised, the consideration paid for such stock was of its
book value. 
 Beginning September 1, 2009, ownership of membership units is
available to any person or entity residing in the United States of America. Net
proceeds or losses will be allocated to members on the basis of their patronage
of the Cooperative. 
 In connection with the Conversion, the Cooperative changed its fiscal year end to December 31. 
 
 ,
paid in quarterly installments.
The price per bushel paid to the member who elects to deliver corn using Method B is equal to the price per bushel paid by Cargill to
acquire the corn as the Cooperative s agent. Members who deliver corn under Method A are paid the market price or contracted price
for their corn at the time of delivery. In fiscal year 2022, the Cooperative paid members who deliver corn under Method A an incentive
payment of 
 per bushel while members who elect Method B to deliver corn pay the Cooperative a 
 per bushel agency fee for the cost of having the Cooperative deliver corn on their behalf. For fiscal year 2023, the Cooperative
will pay a per bushel Method A incentive payment. The board has the discretion to change the incentive fee and the agency fee based
on the Cooperative s corn delivery needs. The incentive fee and agency fee are a component of Corn Expense. 
 With respect to all Method A corn that is delivered, Cargill
reports the purchase price as the product of Method A bushels delivered during a
month and the average purchase price for the month. If at the conclusion of the
year, a Method A member fails to fully satisfy the corn delivery requirement,
Cargill will purchase replacement corn. The member with a Method A shortfall will be responsible for a
purchased corn fee payable to Cargill and an agency fee determined by the Board
of Directors for all bushels needed to complete their annual Method A delivery. 

The Cooperative shall notify Cargill of the number of Method B
bushels to be purchased during the quarter. Cargill will certify to the
Cooperative that it has purchased the necessary Method B bushels. Method B corn
revenue will be determined to be equal to the price paid. The Cooperative has
determined Corn Expense for Method B deliveries based on the average quarterly
cost per bushel paid by Cargill to the Cooperative s members for Method A
quarterly deliveries. 

ownership interest in ProGold LLC. For the last ten
months of 2022, the Cooperative had a ownership interest in ProGold LLC.
Following is summary financial information for ProGold LLC: 

Long-Term Assets 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Members Equity 

Total Liabilities and
 Members Equity 

Rent Revenue on Operating
 Lease 

Expenses 

Net Income 

Fixed Income Funds 

Money Market CD s 

December 31, 2021: 

Corporate Bonds - Held to
 Maturity 

Fixed Income Funds 

Money Market CD s 

The Cooperative s investments are as follows as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

(84) 

Fixed Income Funds 

(267)

Money Market CD s 

(351)

December 31, 2021: 

Corporate Bonds - Held to
 Maturity 

(46)

Fixed Income Funds 

Money Market CD s 

(46) 

Corporate bond maturities are as follows as of December 31,
2022 (in thousands): 

Due in 2 to 5 years 

Due in 6 to 10 years 

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair
value of the Cooperative s securities with unrealized losses that are not deemed
to have credit losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that
individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

(68) 

(16) 
 
 Fixed Income Funds 

(267)

(68) 

(283) 

December 31, 2021: 

Corporate Bonds - Held to
 Maturity 

(46)

The Cooperative has determined that the unrealized losses are
deemed to be temporary impairments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The
Cooperative believes that the unrealized losses generally are caused by interest
rate increases and increases in the risk premiums required by market
participants rather than an adverse change in cash flows or a fundamental
weakness in the credit quality of the issuer or underlying
assets. 
 
 unrecognized tax benefits on December
31, 2022 and 2021. interest or penalties are recognized in the statements of
operations or in the balance sheets. 
 The Cooperative recognized income tax expense for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 , , and , respectively. 
 In December 2022, the Cooperative approved a resolution to
terminate the plan on March 31, 2023. The process of terminating the plan
includes the purchase of annuities from the assets of the plan to satisfy
payment of vested benefits to participants as prescribed by the Pension Benefit
Guarantee Corporation s standard termination process. As of December 31, 2022,
the pension plan was funded as required by the funding standards set forth by
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). While there are currently
sufficient funds to purchase annuities for the plan s two (2) participants to
pay all of the benefits owed under the plan, if conditions worsen, the
Cooperative is liable to pay the difference between the pension assets and the
cost of annuities for participants to cover all benefit liabilities. The
Cooperative anticipates that the process of terminating the plan will conclude
in July 2024 . 
 The Cooperative s Compensation Committee has the responsibility
of managing the operations and administration of the Cooperative s retirement plans. The Cooperative has an
investment policy that establishes target asset allocations to reduce the risk
of large losses. Asset classes are diversified to reduce risk, and equity
exposure is limited to of the total portfolio value. The investment
objective is to achieve a rate of return sufficient to fully fund the pension
obligation of the plan without assuming undue risk through investment vehicles
with no greater than average variability of the markets themselves. 
 Substantially all of the Plan s assets consist of Collective
 Investment Trusts or Mutual Funds (Fund) and are valued based on Level I or
 Level II inputs, as determined from the Fund s ASC 715-30 footnote included in
 the Fund s audited financial statements. The Fund s valuation techniques include
 market matrix pricing and market inputs, including bench mark yields, reported
 trades, broker/dealer quotes and others. There has been no changes in valuation
techniques and inputs in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The assumptions used in the measurement of the Cooperative s
benefit obligations are shown below: 

Expected Return on Plan Assets 

Rate of Compensation Increase

n/a 

n/a

The following schedule reflects the expected pension benefit
payments during each of the next five years and the aggregate for the following
five years (in thousands). 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Total 

The Cooperative does not expect to contribute to the defined
benefit pension plan during the next fiscal year. 
 The following schedules provide the components of the Net
Periodic Pension Costs for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
(in thousands): 

Expected Return on Plan Assets 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Amortization of Net (Gain)
 Loss 

Net Periodic Pension Cost 

() 
 
 () 

The following schedules set forth a reconciliation of the
changes in the plan s benefit obligation and fair value of assets for the
periods ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 and a statement of the funded status
and amounts recognized in the Balance Sheets and Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Service Cost 

Interest Cost 

Actuarial (Gain) Loss 
 
 ()

()

Benefits Paid 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Obligation at the
 End of the Period 

Change in Plan Assets 

Fair Value at the Beginning of the Period 

Actual Returns on
 Plan Assets 
 
 () 

Employer Contributions 

Benefits Paid 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Fair Value at the
 End of the Period 

Funded Status 

Funded Status as of Period Ended 

Net Amount Recognized 

401(k) Plan The Cooperative has a 401(k) plan that
covers employees that meet eligibility requirements. The Cooperative s
contributions to the plan totaled , , and for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 in
2022. The contract continues through 2026. 
 On February 28, 2022, the Cooperative and Cargill entered into
an operating agreement for ProGold. If a defined triggering event occurs, the
Cooperative and Cargill will expeditiously and in
good faith work together to finalize a joint venture agreement for the
structure, governance and operation of ProGold according to certain operating
principles and other guideline terms. . 
 
 line of credit with a
variable interest rate based on the prime rate that terminates on October 16,
2024. The line of credit is secured by the Investment Management Agency account
for Golden Growers maintained by Bell Bank. There is outstanding balance as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 , or per outstanding membership unit. 
 Management evaluated all other activity of the Company through
March 8, 2023, the date to which the financial statements were available to be
issued, and concluded that, other than the matters described above, no other
subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the financial
statements or disclosure in the notes to the financial statements. 

A-16 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 ggro-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 ggro-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 ggro-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 ggro-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-4.1>
 7
 ggro-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Golden Growers Cooperative : Exhibit 4.1 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, Golden Growers Cooperative (the
 Cooperative had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): Units. 
 Description of Units 
 The following description of the Cooperative s Units is a
summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in
its entirety by reference to the Cooperative s Articles of Organization, as
amended, and Bylaws, as amended, each of which is incorporated by reference as
an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is also
an exhibit. 
 Capitalization 
 The Cooperative s Bylaws authorize 60,000,000 Units, of which
15,490,480 are currently issued and outstanding. 
 Membership Interests; Units 
 The Units denote membership interest in the Cooperative for the
purposes of allocating income, gain, loss, deduction, credit and distribution
and the right to deliver corn to the Cooperative. Our Bylaws authorize one class
of membership interest or Units. The Cooperative has a first lien on all Units
for all indebtedness owed to the Cooperative of any member related to the Units.
 
 Qualifications for Membership 
 Membership in the Cooperative is limited to any natural person,
partnership (whether general or limited), joint venture, association,
cooperative, corporation, trust, estate, limited liability company, limited
liability partnership, unincorporated association, governmental entity, or any
other legal entity, including an individual acting as a sole proprietorship or
as a business, who is a resident of the United States and (i) has entered into
an Uniform Delivery Agreement with us, (ii) has acquired at least 4,000 Units,
and (iii) has been accepted and approved by our Board of Directors. 
 Unless admitted as a member, a person who acquires Units, or a
member who holds Units and ceases to be a member, has only the rights of an
 un-admitted assignee and is only entitled to financial rights associated with
the Units, including allocations and distributions made in accordance with the
Bylaws. An un-admitted assignee does not have any right to any information or
accounting of the affairs of the Cooperative, is not entitled to inspect the
books or records of the Cooperative, and does not have any of the governance or
other rights of a member under the Bylaws or the Minnesota Cooperative
Association Act set forth as Chapter 308B of Minnesota Statutes, as amended.
 
 Termination of Membership; Redemption or Transfer of
Units 
 A member s membership in the Cooperative may be terminated by a
majority vote of the Board of Directors if any of the following events occur:
(a) a member has become ineligible for membership for any reason; (b) a member
has failed to patronize the Cooperative for a period of one year or more; (c) a
member fails to enter into, or ceases to have in effect, a member agreement with
the Cooperative; (d) a member that is an individual dies and the member s estate
does not fulfill the member s obligations pursuant to the Cooperative s Bylaws,
or a member that is a business entity ceases to exist and leaves no qualified
successor to be a member as determined by the Board of Directors; or (e) the
Board of Directors by resolution finds that a member has: (i) intentionally or
repeatedly violated any provision of the Articles of Organization or the Bylaws
of the Cooperative; (ii) breached the member agreement or any other contract
with the Cooperative, including but not limited to, the obligation to make
timely payments on the member s account with the Cooperative; (iii) taken
actions that will impede the Cooperative from accomplishing its purposes; (iv)
taken or threatened to take actions that may adversely affect the interests of
the Cooperative or its members; or (v) willfully obstructed any lawful purpose
or activity of the Cooperative. 

If a member s membership in the Cooperative is terminated, the
terminated member immediately loses all rights to vote but continues to have
rights to distributions and allocations, subject to all of the restrictions that
apply and to the extent applicable. The terminated member s delivery obligation
terminates as of the date his membership is terminated. The Cooperative is
required to refund the terminated member the value of the Units owned by the
terminated member at the lesser of the book value or market value as of the date
of termination less any amounts owed to the Cooperative by the member. The
refund is due and payable seven (7) years following the date of termination. A
terminated member may transfer his Units during the seven (7) year period to a
person eligible for membership. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each member is entitled to one vote on all matters presented to
the members for a vote, regardless of the number of Units owned by such member.
 
 Capital Contributions and Initial Capital Accounts 
 The initial capital contribution of each of our members
immediately after the conversion to a Minnesota 308B cooperative association was
determined pursuant to the Plan of Conversion. The value of the capital
contribution of each initial member is equal the initial capital account for
each member and was set at 2.85 per Unit. 
 The issuance of Units to members of the Cooperative following
the conversion shall be for such capital contribution and on such terms and
conditions, upon execution of any documents and on any other terms and
conditions, as the Board determines to be appropriate. 
 Allocation of Income and Losses 
 Our Bylaws allow our Board of Directors to establish pools, or
allocation units, on a reasonable and equitable basis, and the pools may be
functional, divisional, departmental, geographic, or otherwise. Our Board has
established two allocation pools, an A Pool and a B Pool, which are further
described in Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Members are able to
participate in one or both of the allocation pools by entering into an Annual
Delivery Agreement specifying the volume of corn to be delivered under either
Method A or Method B or both. Subject to certain limits set forth in the Bylaws,
all items of income, gain, receipt, loss, deduction, and credit of the
Cooperative for each fiscal year (Income and Losses) are then allocated among
our members, and our member s capital accounts, on the basis of the ratio that
the volume of the business done with or for each such member bears to the volume
of the business done with or for all members who participate in a particular
allocation pool. 
 Distributions 
 The Cooperative may make cash distributions at such time and in
such amounts as determined from time to time by our Board of Directors in its
sole discretion; provided that the
 we must annually, on or before March 1 of each year, make a cash
distribution to our then current members equal to at least thirty percent (30 of the income allocated to members for the prior year. Any such cash
distributions shall be made in a uniform and equitable basis among the members
within a particular allocation pool on the basis of patronage. Such cash
distributions will be reduced by any tax withholding payments that are made on
the member s behalf. 
 Restrictions on Transfer of Units 
 There is no established trading market for our Units. To
maintain our partnership tax status, members may not trade their Units on an
established securities market or readily trade Units on a secondary market (or
the substantial equivalent thereof). In accordance with the publicly traded
partnership rules, FNC Ag Stock, LLC serves as a qualified matching service for
our members. Any transfer and/or assignment of Units (or the financial and
governance rights associated therewith) is subject to approval by our Board of
Directors and a determination that the transfer will not cause us to be deemed a
publicly traded partnership. The Bylaws also prohibit the Board of Directors
from approving any transfer and/or assignment if it would result in the
transferee directly or indirectly owning more than ten percent (10 of the
issued and outstanding Units. 

Distribution of Assets upon Liquidation 
 On liquidation, all of our debts and liabilities must be paid
according to their respective priorities. Any remaining value must be
distributed among the holders of Units based on the value of each such holder s
capital account. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ggro-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Golden Growers Cooperative : Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Scott Stofferahn, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Golden
 Growers Cooperative (the registrant); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
 which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me
 by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
 this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
 such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
 is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and. 

5. 
 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of
 internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
 the design or operation of the internal controls over financial reporting
 which are likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

March 08, 2023 
 /s/
 Scott Stofferahn 

Scott Stofferahn 

Executive Vice President, Chief Executive
 Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ggro-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Golden Growers Cooperative : Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual
report on Form 10-K of Golden Growers Cooperative, (the Cooperative for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott Stofferahn, as the
Executive Vice President, serving as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Cooperative, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Cooperative. 

Date: March 08, 2023 
 /s/
 Scott Stofferahn 

Scott Stofferahn 

Executive Vice President, Chief Executive
 Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.2 BYLAWS>
 10
 ggro-20221231xex99d2.htm

Golden Growers Cooperative : Exhibit 99.2 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

PROGOLD, LLC 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 WITH INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT 
 To the Board of Governors ProGold, LLC West Fargo, North
Dakota 
 Opinion 
 We have audited the financial statements of ProGold,
LLC , which comprise of the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, the
related statements of income, changes in members equity, and cash flows for the
four month period then ended, and the related notes to the financial
statements. 
 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements presented
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ProGold, LLC
 as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the four month period then ended in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required
to be independent of ProGold, LLC and to meet our ethical
responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating
to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial
Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair
presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the
preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements that are free from
material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error. 
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required
to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about ProGold, LLC s ability to continue as
a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued. 
 
 1 

Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute
assurance andtherefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Misstatements are considered materialif there is a substantial likelihood that,
individually, or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgement made by a
reasonable user based on the financial statements. 
 In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
 skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of
 the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and
 perform audit procedures responsible to those risks. Such
 proceduresinclude examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
 amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to
 the audit in order to design audit proceduresthat are appropriate in the
 circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
 effectiveness of ProGold, LLC s internal control. Accordingly, no
 such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used
 the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management,
 as well as evaluate the overall presentation of thefinancial statements.

Conclude whether, in our judgement, there are conditions
 or events, considered in the aggregate,that raise substantial doubt about
 ProGold, LLC s ability to continue as a going concern for a
 reasonable period of time. 
 We are required to communicate with those charged with
governance regarding, among other matters, theplanned scope and timing of the
audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters
that we identified during the audit. 
 Fargo, North Dakota January 31, 2023 
 2 

PROGOLD LLC 
 BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash
 equivalents 
 
 198,916 

Prepaid insurance 
 
 24,072 

Total current assets 
 
 222,988 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 HELD FOR LEASE 

Land and land
 improvements 
 
 10,191,265 

Buildings and equipment 
 
 256,397,834 

Less accumulated
 depreciation 
 
 (230,372,748) 

Total property and equipment held for lease 
 
 36,216,351 

OTHER ASSETS 

Deferred lease asset 
 
 258,720 

Total assets 
 
 36,698,059 

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Related party accounts payable 
 
 30,719 

MEMBERS' EQUITY 
 
 36,667,340 

Total liabilities and members' equity 
 
 36,698,059 

See Notes to Financial Statements 
 3 

PROGOLD LLC 
 STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE FOUR MONTH PERIOD ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

REVENUES 

Related party
 rental revenue on operating lease 
 
 5,270,115 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Depreciation 
 
 950,320 

Maintenance 
 
 383,352 

General and administrative 
 
 36,999 

Total expenses 
 
 1,370,671 

Operating income 
 
 3,899,444 

NET INCOME 
 
 3,899,444 

See Notes to Financial Statements 
 4 

PROGOLD LLC 
 STATEMENT OF MEMBERS EQUITY FOR THE FOUR MONTH
PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

American 

Crystal 

Golden 

Total 

Sugar 

Growers 

Members' 

Company 

Cooperative 

Cargill 

Equity 

BALANCE, AUGUST 31,
 2022 
 
 - 

18,585,240

18,585,240

37,170,480

Net income 
 
 - 

1,949,722 

1,949,722 

3,899,444 

Distributions 
 
 - 

(2,201,292)

(2,201,292)

(4,402,584)

BALANCE, DECEMBER,
 2022 
 
 - 

18,333,670 

18,333,670 

36,667,340 

See Notes to Financial Statements 
 5 

PROGOLD LLC 
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FOUR MONTH PERIOD
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 
 
 3,899,444 

Adjustments to
 reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation 
 
 950,320 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 
 
 30 

Prepaid expenses

22,015 

Other assets 
 
 (103,448) 

Accounts payable

(366,648) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 4,401,713 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Distributions to members 
 
 (4,402,584) 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 
 
 (871)

CASH AND CASH
 EQUIVALENTS , Beginning of period 
 
 199,787 

CASH AND CASH
 EQUIVALENTS , End of period 
 
 198,916 

See Notes to Financial Statements 
 6 

PROGOLD LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FOUR MONTH
PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Nature of Operations 
 ProGold, LLC (ProGold) is organized as a Minnesota limited
liability company. ProGold was owned by American Crystal Sugar Company (51 and
Golden Growers Cooperative (49 ). Effective March 1, 2022, American Crystal
Sugar Company transferred ownership in ProGold to Cargill, Incorporated,
resulting in a 50/50 venture between Cargill and Golden Growers Cooperative. In
connection with the ownership change, ProGold elected to change its fiscal year
end from August 31 to December 31, beginning September 1, 2022. Operating
results are presented herein for the four month period ended December 31, 2022,
and may not necessarily be reflective of results that might be achieved during a
normal twelve month period. ProGold has been organized with a life of 50 years
and its legal existence will terminate on July 13, 2044, absent a business
continuation agreement. 
 Related Party Operating Lease 
 ProGold leases a corn wet milling facility to Cargill, Inc.
under an operating lease which runs through December 31, 2026. Payments are to
be received monthly under the lease. The operating lease revenue is recognized
as earned ratably over the term of the lease and to the extent that amounts
earned exceed amounts received, a deferred lease asset is recorded. The Company
generates lease revenue which is recognized under ASC Topic 842, Leases, which
falls outside the lease scope of ASC topic 606. The lease requires ProGold to
pay 750,000 in fiscal year 2023 and 500,000 for fiscal years 2024 through
2026, to fund infrastructure maintenance. During the term of the lease, Cargill
will deploy capital for several approved capital projects and will receive the
benefit of depreciation during the term of the lease. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 ProGold Considers all highly liquid debt and equity instruments
purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
ProGold places its temporary cash investments with high-credit-quality financial
institutions. At times, such investments may be in excess of the applicable
insurance limit. 
 Property and Equipment Held for Lease 
 Property and equipment held for lease are stated at cost.
Depreciation on assets placed in service is provided using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the individual assets, ranging from 5
to 40 years. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 ProGold reviews its property and equipment for impairment
whenever events indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may be
recoverable. An impairment loss is recorded when the sum of the future cash
flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. An impairment loss is
measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its
fair value. There were no impairment losses for the period ended December 31,
2022. 

(continued on next page) 
 7 

PROGOLD LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FOUR MONTH
PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Related Parties 
 Golden Growers Cooperative, Cargill, Inc. and American Crystal
Sugar are considered related parties for financial reporting purposes. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenues are measured based on the amount of consideration
specified in the operating lease agreement. Revenues are recognized when and as
performance obligations are satisfied, which is when the rental revenue is
received each month. The Company s contracts are generally accounted for as a
single performance obligation. The evaluation of contracts with customers,
performance obligations, and variable consideration requires significant
judgment. 
 Income Taxes 
 ProGold is treated in a manner similar to a partnership for
federal and state income tax purposes, based upon its current organization.
Accordingly, the financial statements do not include any provision for income
taxes. 
 Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Subsequent Events 
 Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date of
the auditor s report, which is the date the financials were available to be
issued. The Company believes that there have been no significant subsequent
events where disclosures are necessary. 
 NOTE 2 REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 The Company generates revenue primarily from rental income
related to the operating agreement with Golden Growers Cooperative and Cargill,
Incorporated. 
 Identify Contracts with Customers 
 Revenue are measured based on the amount of consideration
specified in the operating lease agreement. Revenues are recognized when and as
performance obligations are satisfied, which is when the rental revenue is
received each month. The Company s contracts are generally accounted for as a
single performance obligation. The evaluation of contracts with customers,
performance obligations, and variable consideration requires significant
judgment. 
 Performance Obligations 
 Contracts are considered to contain a single performance
obligation, which is the monthly rent. Payment is due based on terms specified
in the operating agreement. 

(continued on next page) 
 8 

PROGOLD LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FOUR MONTH
PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Variable Consideration 
 The nature of the Company s business does not give rise to
variable consideration. 
 Significant Judgments 
 The evaluation of contracts with customers, performance
obligations, and variable consideration requires significant judgment; the
decision to combine contracts or separate a combined or single contract into
multiple performance obligations could change the amount of revenue and profit
recorded in a given period. 
 NOTE 3 RELATED PARTY LEASE WITH CARGILL, INC 
 Future minimum payments to be received under the lease are as
follows: 

2023 
 
 15,500,000 

2024 
 
 16,000,000 

2025 
 
 16,000,000 

2026 
 
 16,000,000 

63,500,000 
 
 NOTE 4 RELATED PARTY CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AGREEMENT WITH
CARGILL, INC 
 ProGold entered into an Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement
with Cargill, Inc in which ProGold agreed to fund Cargill Inc for infrastructure
maintenance as set forth in the following schedule: 

2023 
 
 750,000 

2024 
 
 500,000 

2025 
 
 500,000 

2026 
 
 500,000 

2,250,000 
 
 NOTE 5 DISTRIBUTION TO MEMBERS 
 Distributions are authorized by the Board of Governors and
distributed among Members based on their percentage interest. 

(continued on next page) 
 9 

PROGOLD LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FOUR MONTH
PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 6 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 ProGold is subject to extensive federal and state environmental
laws and regulations with respect to water and air quality, solid wase disposal
and odor and noise control. The operating lease with Cargill, Inc provides that
ProGold be responsible for claims arising for occurrences prior to the execution
of the original operating lease, December 1, 1997. ProGold believes that it was
in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations
prior to that time. The operating lease also provides that Cargill, Inc operate
the corn wet milling facility in compliance with all applicable federal and
state environmental laws and regulations further the term of the lease. 
 NOTE 7 INCOME TAXES 
 ProGold conducts an annual analysis of its various tax
positions, assessing the likelihood of those positions being upheld upon
examination with relevant tax authorities. ProGold has determined that it has no
unrecognized tax benefits. No interest or penalties are recognized in the
statements of operations. ProGold is no longer subject to U.S. Federal or state
income tax examinations by tax authorities for fiscal years 2017 and
earlier. 
 10 

</EX-99.2 BYLAWS>

