<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1803498_0001803498-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>113673509</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1317455</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6840223</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>59628871</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>15164313</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>29260401</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001803498-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317165303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001803498-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		158
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blackstone Private Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803498
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01358
		FILM NUMBER:		23743451

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-503-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001803498-23-000008.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 bcred-20221231.htm
 10-K

bcred-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _______________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Class I Common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 
 Class S Common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 
 Class D Common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
 and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was no established public market for the Registrant s common shares of beneficial interest Common Shares ). 
 The number of shares of the Registrant s Common Shares, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of March 13, 2023 was , , and of Class I, Class S and Class D common shares, respectively. Common Shares outstanding exclude March 1, 2023 subscriptions since the issuance price is not yet finalized at the date of this filing. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 97 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 97 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 97 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 97 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 98 
 Item 6. 
 (Reserved) 
 101 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 102 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 117 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 119 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 278 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 278 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 278 
 Item 9 C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 279 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 280 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 286 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 287 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 288 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 289 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 291 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 296 
 SIGNATURES 
 297 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Blackstone Private Credit Fund (together, with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, we, us, or our ), our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the companies in which we may invest; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our investment strategy; 
 general economic, logistical and political trends and other external factors, including inflation and recent supply chain and labor market disruptions; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements and investments; 
 changes in the general interest rate environment; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC (the Adviser or any of its affiliates; 
 the elevating levels of inflation, and its impact on our portfolio companies and on the industries in which we invest; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we may invest; 
 our use of financial leverage, including the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments and the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the availability of equity and debt capital on favorable terms or at all; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, including our and their ability to effectively respond to challenges posed by the novel coronavirus COVID-19 ); 
 the ability of the Adviser to source suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures; 
 the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 general price and volume fluctuations in the stock market; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as a business development company BDC ); 
 the impact on our business of U.S. and international financial reform legislation, rules and regulations; 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest. 
 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of any projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. This annual report on Form 10-K contains statistics and other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data. 
 
 Because we are an investment company, the forward-looking statements and projections contained in this report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Act, as amended (the 1934 Act ). 
 1 

Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
 We are a relatively new company and have limited operating history and our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends on the ability of the Adviser to manage and support our investment process largely through relationships with private equity sponsors, investment banks and commercial banks. 
 Our Board of Trustees Board may in certain circumstances change our operating policies and strategies or amend our Declaration of Trust without prior notice or shareholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Price declines in the medium- and large-sized U.S. corporate debt market may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio. 
 We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, have difficulty sourcing investment opportunities and experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 As required by the 1940 Act (as defined below), a significant portion of our investment portfolio is and will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 There is a risk that investors in our shares may not receive distributions or that our distributions may decrease over time. 
 Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities, creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties, may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or sell assets to certain buyers, and could result in additional burdens on our business. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business, and the impact of financial reform legislation on us is uncertain. 
 Although we have implemented a share repurchase program, we have discretion to repurchase shares at a disadvantageous time to our shareholders or not repurchase such shares, and our Board has the ability to amend or suspend any share repurchase program. 
 Efforts to comply with regulations applicable to a public reporting company will involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with such regulations may adversely affect us. 
 General economic conditions, including those in Europe, could adversely affect the performance of our investments and operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 We generally will not control our portfolio companies and our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky. 
 Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and breach covenants or default on such debt. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 Second priority liens on collateral securing debt investments that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and adversely affect our operating results. 
 2 

Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which may subject us to specific risks. 
 Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates; Conflicts of Interest 
 The Adviser and its affiliates, including our officers and some of our Board, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and our affiliates, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio and the compensation paid to the Adviser is determined without independent assessment. 
 The Adviser relies on key personnel, the loss of any of whom could impair its ability to successfully manage us. 
 Risks Related to Business Development Companies 
 The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act Qualifying Assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in Qualifying Assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and a regulated investment company RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes. 
 Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for loss on amounts invested in us and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 Provisions in a credit facility may limit our investment discretion and we may default under our credit facilities. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the unsecured notes and debt securitizations that we have issued and our credit facilities. 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code or to satisfy RIC distribution requirements. 
 Our portfolio investments may present special tax issues. 
 Legislative or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect investors. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in the Common Shares 
 The value of your investment in us may be reduced in the event our assets under-perform. 
 An investment in our shares involves a high degree of risk, our NAV may fluctuate significantly, and our shares will have limited liquidity. 
 Shareholders may experience dilution. 
 Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (www.bcred.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and webcasts. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this report. 
 3 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Our Company 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, BCRED or the Company ), is a Delaware statutory trust formed on February 11, 2020, and structured as an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the 1940 Act ). In addition, the Company has elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). 
 We are externally managed by Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC (the Adviser an affiliate of Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP (the Administrator and, collectively with its affiliates in the credit-focused business of Blackstone Inc. Blackstone ), Blackstone Credit , which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes Harvest Fund Advisors LLC Harvest and Blackstone Insurance Solutions BIS ). The Administrator provides certain administrative and other services necessary for the Company to operate pursuant to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ). Blackstone Credit is part of the credit-focused platform of Blackstone and is the primary part of its "Credit Insurance" reporting segment. 
 The Company was formed to invest primarily in originated loans and other securities, including broadly syndicated loans, of U.S. private companies. Our investment objectives are to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. We will seek to meet our investment objectives by: 
 utilizing the experience and expertise of the management team of the Adviser, along with the broader resources of Blackstone Credit and Blackstone, in sourcing, evaluating and structuring transactions, subject to Blackstone s policies and procedures regarding the management of conflicts of interest; 
 employing a defensive investment approach focused on long-term credit performance and principal protection, generally investing in loans with asset coverage ratios and interest coverage ratios that the Adviser believes provide substantial credit protection, and also seeking favorable financial protections, including, where the Adviser believes necessary, one or more financial maintenance covenants; 
 focusing on loans and securities of U.S. private companies, and to a lesser extent European and other non-U.S. companies. In many market environments, we believe such a focus offers an opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns; 
 maintaining rigorous portfolio monitoring in an attempt to anticipate and pre-empt negative credit events within our portfolio; and 
 utilizing the power and scale of Blackstone and Blackstone Credit platform to offer operational expertise to portfolio companies through the Blackstone Credit Advantage program. 
 4 

Our Investment Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by our Adviser, a subsidiary of Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP, the primary investment manager for Blackstone Credit. The principal executive offices of our Adviser are located at 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor New York, NY, 10154. Our Adviser is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 6 

In conducting our investment activities, we believe that we benefit from the significant scale and resources of Blackstone Credit, including our Adviser and its affiliates, subject to the policies and procedures of Blackstone regarding the management of conflicts of interest. In order to source transactions, the Adviser utilizes its significant access to transaction flow, along with its trading platform. The Adviser seeks to generate investment opportunities through direct origination channels as well as through syndicate and club deals (i.e., where a limited number of investors participate in a loan transaction). With respect to Blackstone Credit s origination channel, the global presence of Blackstone Credit generates access to a substantial amount of directly originated transactions with what we believe to be attractive investment characteristics. With respect to syndicate and club deals, Blackstone Credit has built a network of relationships with commercial and investment banks, finance companies and other investment funds as a result of the long track record of its investment professionals in the leveraged finance marketplace. Blackstone Credit also has a significant trading platform, which, we believe, allows us access to the secondary market for investment opportunities. Blackstone Credit employs a rigorous investment process and defensive investment approach to evaluate all potential opportunities with a focus on long-term credit performance and principal protection. The investment professionals employed by Blackstone Credit have spent their careers developing the resources necessary to invest in private companies. Before undertaking an investment, the Adviser s transaction team conducts a thorough and rigorous due diligence review of the opportunity to ensure the portfolio company fits our investment strategy. 
 Our Adviser s investment committee (the Investment Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving our investment opportunities. The Adviser s Investment Committee review process is consensus-driven, multi-step and iterative, and occurs in parallel with the diligence and structuring of investments. Others who participate in the Investment Committee process include the team responsible for conducting due diligence, others on the investing team and other senior members of Blackstone and Blackstone Credit. There are no representatives from other business groups of Blackstone involved in the Adviser s Investment Committee process. 
 We have agreed to pay our Adviser a management fee payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. We also pay the Adviser an income based incentive fee and a capital gains based incentive fee. See Investment Advisory Agreement for more information. 
 The members of the senior management and Investment Team of the Adviser serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds managed by the same personnel. As a result, the Adviser, its officers and employees and certain of its affiliates will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between us and other activities in which they are or may become involved, including the management of its affiliated equipment funds. See Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interests and Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates . 
 Our Administrator 
 Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP, a Delaware limited partnership, serves as our Administrator. The principal executive offices of our Administrator are located at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154. We reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses in connection with administrative services performed for us. See Administration Agreement . 
 Blackstone Credit 
 Blackstone Credit is part of the credit-focused platform of Blackstone, which is the largest alternative asset manager in the world with leading investment businesses across asset classes. Blackstone s platform provides significant competitive advantages including scale, expertise across industries and capital structures, and deep relationships with companies and financial sponsors. 
 Blackstone s four business segments are real estate, private equity, credit and insurance, and hedge fund solutions. Through its different investment businesses, as of December 31, 2022, Blackstone had total assets under management of approximately 975 billion. As of December 31, 2022, Blackstone Credit s asset management operation had aggregate assets under management of approximately 246 billion across multiple strategies within the leveraged finance marketplace, including loans, high yield bonds, distressed and mezzanine debt and private equity, including hedge funds, and approximately 280 billion with the inclusion of Harvest and BIS. Blackstone Credit, through its affiliates, employed 518 people headquartered in New York, with offices in London, Dublin, Houston, Baltimore, San Francisco, Chicago, Miami, Toronto, Frankfurt, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Sydney, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore as of January 1, 2023. Blackstone Credit s 138-person private credit investment team (excluding Dwight Scott, Global Head of Blackstone Credit) is supported by a 56-person Chief Investment Office team, which consists of individuals focused on Investment Process, Portfolio Management, Asset Management, Capital 
 7 

Formation, Insurance Portfolios, and Data Sciences. Blackstone Credit s Senior Managing Directors have on average 24 years of industry experience. Since inception, Blackstone Credit has originated over 149 billion in private credit transactions and during 2022, Blackstone Credit originated over 34 billion in private credit transactions. Blackstone Credit believes that the depth and breadth of its team provides it with a significant competitive advantage in sourcing product on a global basis, structuring transactions and actively managing investments in the portfolio. 
 Market Opportunity 
 We believe that there are and will continue to be significant investment opportunities in the targeted asset classes discussed below. 
 Attractive Opportunities in Senior Secured Loans 
 We believe that opportunities in senior secured loans are significant because of the strong defensive characteristics of this asset class. While there is inherent risk in investing in any securities, senior secured debt is on the top of the capital structure and thus has priority in payment among an issuer s security holders (i.e., senior secured debt holders are due to receive payment before junior creditors and equity holders). Further, these investments are secured by the issuer s assets, which may be collateralized in the event of a default, if necessary. Senior secured debt often has restrictive covenants for the purpose of additional principal protection and ensuring repayment before junior creditors (i.e., most types of unsecured bondholders, and other security holders) and preserving collateral to protect against credit deterioration. 
 Opportunity in U.S. Private Companies 
 In addition to investing in senior secured loans generally, we believe that the market for lending to private companies, which includes middle market private companies within the United States, is underserved and presents a compelling investment opportunity. We believe that the following characteristics support our belief: 
 Secular Tailwinds in the Private Market, Including Private Credit. One of the important drivers of growth in the strategy is the increasing secular tailwinds in the private markets (i.e., social or economic trends positively impacting private markets), including growing demand for private credit, which has created attractive opportunities for private capital providers like Blackstone Credit. As of December 31, 2022, private equity funds with strategies focused on leveraged buyouts in North America had approximately 579.1 billion of dry powder (i.e., uncalled capital commitments), which should similarly drive demand for private capital providers like Blackstone Credit. 1 This shift is partially due to traditional banks continuing to face regulatory limitations and retreating from the space, creating additional opportunities for private credit to take advantage of. Further, financial sponsors and companies are becoming increasingly interested in working directly with private lenders as they are seeing the tremendous benefits versus accessing the public credit markets. The Company believes some of these benefits include faster execution and greater certainty, ability to partner with sophisticated lenders, more efficient process, and in some instances fewer regulatory requirements. As a result, Blackstone Credit benefits from increasing flow of larger scale deals that have become increasingly available to direct lending universe over traditional banks and other financing institutions. 
 
 Attractive Market Segment . We believe that the underserved nature of such a large segment of the market can at times create a significant opportunity for investment. In many environments, we believe that private companies are more likely to offer attractive economics in terms of transaction pricing, up-front and ongoing fees, prepayment penalties and security features in the form of stricter covenants and quality collateral than loans to public companies. 
 
 Limited Investment Competition. Despite the size of the market, we believe that regulatory changes and other factors have diminished the role of traditional financial institutions and certain other capital providers in providing financing to companies. As tracked by Leverage Commentary Data (LCD), private credit markets financed 274 leveraged buyouts LBO (83 of total LBOs in 2022) compared to the publicly syndicated markets, which financed only 56 (17 of total LBOs in 2022). In addition, due to bank consolidation, the number of banks has also rapidly declined, furthering the lack of supply in financing to private companies. As of July 2020, there were approximately 4,375 banks in the U.S., which was only one-third of the number of banks in 1984, according to Federal Reserve Economic Data. 
 We also believe that lending and originating new loans to private companies generally requires a greater dedication of the lender s time and resources compared to lending to public companies, due in part to the size of each investment and the often fragmented nature of information available from these companies. Further, we believe that many investment firms lack 
 
 1 Source: Preqin, December 2022. Represents dry powder (i.e., uncalled capital commitments) for private equity buyouts in North America. 
 8 

the breadth and scale necessary to identify investment opportunities, particularly in regard to directly originated investments in private companies, and thus attractive investment opportunities are often overlooked. 
 Growing Opportunities in Europe . We believe the market for European direct lending provides attractive opportunities. In recent years, we have continued to see a growing number of corporate carve-outs and divestitures driven by pressure on European public companies from activists, streamlining of operations, and sustained pressure from European competition authorities. This creates a source of deal flow that we believe Blackstone Credit is uniquely placed to execute. We further believe that the strong fundraising environment globally for private equity over the past few years will also continue to drive deal flow for European originated transactions. We anticipate that many of our opportunities to provide originated loans or other financing will be in connection with leveraged buy-outs by private equity firms. Globally, private equity dry powder (uncalled capital commitments) currently stands at over 900 billion 2 , which means that these private equity firms have a large amount of capital available to conduct transactions, which we believe will create debt financing opportunities for us. Although we believe the alternative credit market in Europe is still somewhat less developed compared to its U.S. counterpart, acceptance of private capital in Europe has grown substantially in recent years. Across the U.S. and Europe, we believe Blackstone Credit has the ability to take advantage of a dislocation in capital markets as a result of volatility by providing financing solutions, including anchoring loan syndications, originating loans where traditional banks are unwilling or unable to do so, or buying investments in the secondary market, all of which we may be able to do on more attractive terms in times of market disruption than would otherwise be available. This deployment of capital through a market dislocation strategy remains firmly within Blackstone Credit s investment philosophy focusing on performing companies where Blackstone Credit has enhanced access and a due diligence advantage. 
 
 Blackstone Credit Strengths 
 Blackstone Credit is one of the largest private credit investment platforms globally and a key player in the direct lending space. Blackstone Credit has experience scaling funds across its platform that invest throughout all parts of the capital structure. Blackstone Credit strives to focus on transactions where it can differentiate itself from other providers of capital, targeting larger transactions and those where Blackstone Credit can bring its expertise and experience in negotiating and structuring. We believe that Blackstone Credit has the scale and platform to effectively manage a U.S. private credit investment strategy, offering investors the following potential strengths: 
 Ability to Provide Scale, Differentiated Capital Solutions . We believe that the breadth and scale of Blackstone Credit s approximately 246 billion platform, as of December 31, 2022, and affiliation with Blackstone are distinct strengths when sourcing proprietary investment opportunities and provide Blackstone Credit with a differentiated capability to invest in large, complex opportunities. Blackstone Credit is invested in over 3,100 corporate issuers across its portfolios globally and has focused primarily on the non-investment grade corporate credit market since its inception in 2005. 3 Blackstone Credit expects that in the current environment, in which committed capital from banks remains scarce, the ability to provide flexible, well-structured capital commitments in appropriate sizes will enable Blackstone Credit to command more favorable terms for its investments. Blackstone Credit seeks to generate investment opportunities through its direct origination channels and through syndicate and club deals (generally, investments made by a small group of investment firms). With respect to Blackstone Credit s origination channel, we seek to leverage the global presence of Blackstone Credit to generate access to a substantial amount of directly originated transactions with attractive investment characteristics. We believe that the broad network of Blackstone Credit provides a significant pipeline of investment opportunities for us. With respect to syndicate and club deals, Blackstone Credit has built a network of relationships with commercial and investment banks, finance companies and other investment funds as a result of the long track record of its investment professionals in the leveraged finance marketplace. Blackstone Credit also has a significant trading platform, which, we believe, allows us access to the secondary market for investment opportunities. 
 Established Origination Platform with Strong Credit Expertise . As of December 31, 2022, Blackstone Credit, through its affiliates, employed 518 people headquartered in New York, with offices in London, Dublin, Houston, Baltimore, San Francisco, Chicago, Miami, Toronto, Frankfurt, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Sydney, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore as of January 1, 2023. Blackstone Credit s 138-person private credit investment team (excluding Dwight Scott, Global Head of Blackstone Credit) is supported by a 56-person Chief Investment Office team, which consists of individuals focused on Investment Process, Portfolio Management, Asset Management, Capital Formation, Insurance Portfolios, and Data Sciences. Blackstone Credit s Senior Managing Directors have on average 24 years of industry experience. Since inception, Blackstone 
 
 2 Source: Preqin, December 2022. Represents dry powder (i.e., uncalled capital commitments) for private equity buyouts globally. 
 3 As of December 31, 2022. Reflects unique corporate issuers across funds and accounts managed by Liquid Credit Strategies and Private Credit Strategies. 
 9 

Credit has originated over 149 billion in private credit transactions and during 2022, Blackstone Credit originated over 34 billion in private credit transactions. 4 We believe that Blackstone Credit s strong reputation and longstanding relationships with corporate boards, management teams, leveraged buyout sponsors, financial advisors, and intermediaries position Blackstone Credit as a partner and counterparty of choice and provides us with attractive sourcing capabilities. In Blackstone Credit s experience, these relationships help drive substantial proprietary deal flow and insight into investment opportunities. With Blackstone's scale and experienced platform, and the Company s high-quality portfolio and floating-rate focus, we think BCRED is enviably well-positioned to help investors adapt to today s challenging inflationary and interest-rate environment. 
 Blackstone Credit believes that having one team responsible for alternatives private origination allows us to leverage the strengths and experiences of investment professionals to deliver the leading financing solutions to our companies. The team has operated through multiple industry cycles, with deep credit expertise, providing them valuable experience and a long-term view of the market. The team is also focused on making investments in what are characterized as good neighborhoods , which are industries experiencing favorable tailwinds, such as life sciences, software technology, and renewable energy. In addition, the team is able to leverage the expertise of other parts of Blackstone s business that specialize in these fields. 
 
 Additionally, over the last several years, Blackstone Credit has also expanded its U.S. origination and sponsor coverage footprint with regional offices opened in select markets. Blackstone Credit has investment professionals across the U.S. and Europe and has developed a reputation for being a valued partner, with the ability to provide speed, creativity, and assurance of transaction execution. We believe that establishing this regional presence in the U.S. may help us more effectively source investment opportunities from private equity buyout sponsors as well as direction from companies, while potentially strengthening the Blackstone Credit brand. 
 
 Value-Added Capital Provider and Partner Leveraging the Blackstone Credit Advantage Program. Blackstone Credit has established a reputation for providing creative, value-added solutions to address a company s financing requirements and believes our ability to solve a need for a company can lead to attractive investment opportunities. In addition, Blackstone Credit has access to the significant resources of the Blackstone platform, including the Blackstone Advantage Program Blackstone Advantage ), which refers to the active management of the Blackstone portfolio company network, including cross-selling efforts across all of Blackstone, and aims to ensure practice sharing, operational, and commercial synergies among portfolio companies, effective deployment of Blackstone resources, and communication of the program with businesses and partners, and the Blackstone Credit Advantage Program Blackstone Credit Advantage ), which is a global platform that provides access to a range of cost saving, revenue generating and best practice sharing opportunities. Specifically, Blackstone Credit Advantage provides (i) partnership and best practices for portfolio companies by offering invaluable access to industry and function experts both within the Blackstone organization (including the Blackstone Portfolio Operations team) and the network among portfolio companies; (ii) cross selling opportunities across Blackstone and Blackstone Credit portfolio companies; (iii) industry knowledge via leadership summits and roundtables; and (iv) quarterly reports sharing meaningful insights from CEOs on business and economic trends. Finally, one of the most important benefits of the program is Blackstone s GPO, which is a collective purchasing platform that leverages the scale and buying power of the 5.9 billion of estimated total spending of Blackstone s portfolio companies with strategic partners and vendors measured over the past 10+ years. Blackstone and Blackstone Credit portfolio companies have generated significant cost savings through their use of the GPO, up to 40 , often from existing suppliers, on maintenance, repair, operations, back office, information technology, hardware, software, telecommunications, business insurance and human resources, among others. The benefits of working with Blackstone s GPO can include improved pricing and terms, differentiated service, and ongoing service that drops straight to the bottom line. As of December 31, 2022, Blackstone Advantage has grown revenue by over 500 million for Blackstone portfolio companies and Blackstone Credit Advantage has reduced annual costs by 249 million. The dedicated Blackstone Credit operational program provides support to portfolio companies and has created approximately 3 billion 5 in value. Blackstone Advantage has 112 internal Blackstone resources available to our portfolio companies as of December 31, 2022. 
 Flexible Investment Approach . Blackstone Credit believes that the ability to invest opportunistically throughout a capital structure is a meaningful strength when sourcing transactions and enables the Company to seek investments that provide the best risk/return proposition in any given transaction. Blackstone Credit s creativity and flexibility with regard to deal-structuring distinguishes it from other financing sources, including traditional mezzanine providers, whose investment mandates are typically more restrictive. Over time, Blackstone Credit has demonstrated the ability to negotiate more favorable terms for 
 
 4 As of December 31, 2022. Includes invested and committed capital for privately originated and anchor investments across private credit strategies and vehicles since 2005, including Direct Lending, Sustainable Resources, Mezzanine, and Opportunistic. Excludes liquid credit strategy investments. 
 5 Value creation represents 249 million of total annual savings as of December 31, 2022, representing estimated savings utilizing the Blackstone Credit Advantage program at the time cost is benchmarked with portfolio companies. Savings improved portfolio company EBITDA and created value assuming a 12x average EBITDA multiple. 
 6 

its investments by providing creative structures that add value for an issuer. Blackstone Credit will continue to seek to use this flexible investment approach to focus on principal preservation, while generating attractive returns throughout different economic and market cycles. 
 Long-Term Investment Horizon . Our long-term investment horizon gives us great flexibility, which we believe allows us to maximize returns on our investments. Unlike most private equity and venture capital funds, as well as many private debt funds, we will not be required to return capital to our shareholders once we exit a portfolio investment. We believe that freedom from such capital return requirements, which allows us to invest using a long-term focus, provides us with an attractive opportunity to increase total returns on invested capital. 
 Disciplined Investment Process and Income-Oriented Investment Philosophy . Blackstone Credit employs a rigorous investment process and defensive investment approach to evaluate all potential opportunities with a focus on long-term credit performance and principal protection. We believe Blackstone Credit has generated attractive risk-adjusted returns in its investing activities throughout many economic and credit cycles by (i) maintaining its investment discipline; (ii) performing intensive credit work; (iii) carefully structuring transactions; and (iv) actively managing its portfolios. Blackstone Credit s investment approach involves a multi-stage selection process for each investment opportunity, as well as ongoing monitoring of each investment made, with particular emphasis on early detection of deteriorating credit conditions at portfolio companies, which would result in adverse portfolio developments. This strategy is designed to maximize current income and minimize the risk of capital loss while maintaining the potential for long-term capital appreciation. Additionally, Blackstone Credit s senior investment professionals have dedicated their careers to the leveraged finance and private equity sectors and we believe that their experience in due diligence, credit analysis and ongoing management of investments is invaluable to the success of the North America direct lending investment strategy. Blackstone Credit generally targets businesses with leading market share positions, sustainable barriers to entry, high free cash flow generation, strong asset values, liquidity to withstand market cycles, favorable underlying industry trends, strong internal controls and high-quality management teams. 
 Strong Investment Track Record. Blackstone Credit s track record in private debt lending and investing in below investment grade credit dates back to the inception of Blackstone Credit. Since 2005 through December 31, 2022, Blackstone Credit has invested approximately 149 billion in capital in privately-originated transactions 6 . Specifically within the North America Direct Lending Strategy, Blackstone Credit has invested approximately 85 billion 7 in privately originated or privately negotiated first l 
 
 6 Includes invested and committed capital for privately originated and anchor investments across private credit strategies and vehicles since 2005, including Direct Lending, Sustainable Resources, Mezzanine, and Opportunistic. Excludes liquid credit strategy investments. 
 7 Represents U.S. and Canada first lien and unitranche debt (which may be secured by the applicable borrower s assets and/or equity) transactions in companies that were originated or anchored by certain Blackstone Credit managed, advised or sub-advised funds, Blackstone Credit managed mezzanine funds and Blackstone Credit advised business development companies (such advised business development companies, the BDCs ), as well as certain other Blackstone Credit managed funds and accounts) and, with respect to certain transactions, investments allocated to affiliates of Blackstone Credit, which may be sold to Blackstone Credit managed funds or accounts in the future, since 2006 (the North America Direct Lending Track Record ). With respect to certain transactions, the North America Direct Lending Track Record includes free equity and/or warrants that accompanied the debt financings, as well as any loans or securities into which the applicable first lien and unitranche debt may have been restructured subsequent to Blackstone Credit s initial investment. The North America Direct Lending Track Record excludes (i) broadly syndicated, mezzanine, second lien and equity (other than the aforementioned free equity and/or warrants or securities issued upon restructuring) transactions, among others and (ii) transactions where Blackstone Credit s invested capital (net of transactions fees) was under 25 million. 
 7 

ien and unitranche transactions. Corresponding to this North America Direct Lending track record, Blackstone Credit has an annualized loss rate of 0.14 . 8 
 Efficient Cost Structure. We believe that we have an efficient cost structure, as compared to other non-traded BDCs, with low management fees, expenses, and financing costs. We believe our operating efficiency and senior investment strategy enable us to generate greater risk-adjusted investment returns for our investors relative to other non-traded BDCs. 
 Scale. Scale allows for more resources to source, diligence and monitor investments, and enables us to move up market where there is often less competition. 
 The Board of Trustees 
 Overall responsibility for the Company s oversight rests with the Board. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser will manage the Company on a day-to-day basis. The Board is responsible for overseeing the Adviser and other service providers in our operations in accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Company s bylaws and applicable provisions of state and other laws. The Adviser will keep the Board well informed as to the Adviser s activities on our behalf and our investment operations and provide the Board information with additional information as the Board may, from time to time, request. The Board is currently composed of seven members, five of whom are Trustees who are not interested persons of the Company or the Adviser as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Investment Selection 
 When identifying prospective investment opportunities, the Adviser currently intends to rely on fundamental credit analysis in order to minimize the loss of the Company s capital. The Adviser expects to invest in companies generally possessing the following attributes, which it believes will help achieve our investment objectives: 
 Leading, Defensible Market Positions. The Adviser intends to invest in companies that it believes have developed strong positions within their respective markets and exhibit the potential to maintain sufficient cash flows and profitability to service their obligations in a range of economic environments. The Adviser will seek companies that it believes possess advantages in scale, scope, customer loyalty, product pricing, or product quality versus their competitors, thereby minimizing business risk and protecting profitability. 
 Proven Management Teams. The Adviser focuses on investments in which the target company has an experienced and high-quality management team with an established track record of success. The Adviser typically requires companies to have in place proper incentives to align management s goals with the Company s goals. 
 Private Equity Sponsorship. Often the Adviser seeks to participate in transactions sponsored by what it believes to be high-quality private equity firms. The Adviser believes that a private equity sponsor s willingness to invest significant sums of equity capital into a company is an implicit endorsement of the quality of the investment. Further, private equity sponsors of companies with significant investments at risk generally have the ability and a strong incentive to contribute additional capital in difficult economic times should operational issues arise, which could provide additional protections for our investments. 
 
 8 Represents Blackstone Credit North America Direct Lending platform s annualized net losses for substantially realized (in the manager s discretion) defaulted investments from 2006 to December 31, 2022, across the platform. An investment is deemed defaulted if 1. a payment was missed, 2. bankruptcy was declared, 3. there was a restructuring, or 4. it was realized with a total multiple on invested capital less than 1.0x. Net losses include all profits and losses associated with the defaulted investment, including interest payments received. Net losses are represented in the year the defaulted investment is substantially realized and excludes all losses associated with unrealized investments. The annualized net loss rate is the Net losses divided by the average annual remaining invested capital within the platform. The realized loss rate includes investments for periods prior to December 31, 2017, in BDCs that were sub-advised by Blackstone Credit on a non-discretionary basis until April 9, 2018. Investments sourced by Blackstone Credit for these BDCs did, in certain cases, experience defaults and losses after Blackstone Credit was no longer sub-adviser and such defaults and losses are not included in the rates provided. Previously, Blackstone Credit North America Direct Lending platform s methodology for calculating the platform s average annual loss rate was based on net loss of principal resulting only from payment defaults in the year of default, but excluding interest payments. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results, and there can be no assurance that Blackstone Credit will achieve comparable results or that any entity or account managed or advised by Blackstone Credit will be able to implement its investment strategy or achieve its investment objectives. 
 8 

Diversification. The Adviser seeks to invest broadly among companies and industries, thereby potentially reducing the risk of a downturn in any one company or industry having a disproportionate impact on the value of the Company s portfolio. 
 Viable Exit Strategy. In addition to payments of principal and interest, we expect the primary methods for the strategy to realize returns on our investments include refinancings, sales of portfolio companies, and in some cases initial public offerings and secondary offerings. While many debt instruments in which we will invest have stated maturities of five to eight years, we expect the majority to be redeemed or sold prior to maturity. These instruments often have call protection that requires an issuer to pay a premium if it redeems in the early years of an investment. The Investment Team regularly reviews investments and related market conditions in order to determine if an opportunity exists to realize returns on a particular investment. We believe the ability to utilize the entire resources of Blackstone Credit, including the public market traders and research analysts, allows the Adviser to gain access to current market information where the opportunity may exist to sell positions into the market at attractive prices. 
 Investment Process Overview 
 Our investment activities are managed by our Adviser. The Adviser is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 The investment professionals employed by Blackstone Credit have spent their careers developing the resources necessary to invest in private companies. Our transaction process is highlighted below. 
 
 Sourcing and Origination 
 In order to source transactions, the Adviser utilizes its significant access to transaction flow, along with its trading platform. The Adviser seeks to generate investment opportunities primarily through direct origination channels, and also through syndicate and club deals. With respect to Blackstone Credit s origination channel, the global presence of Blackstone Credit generates access to a substantial amount of directly originated transactions with what we believe to be attractive investment characteristics. With respect to syndicate and club deals, Blackstone Credit has built a network of relationships with commercial and investment banks, finance companies and other investment funds as a result of the long track record of its investment professionals in the leveraged finance marketplace. We believe that Blackstone Credit s strong reputation and longstanding relationships with its broad network will help drive substantial proprietary deal flow and provide a significant pipeline of investment opportunities for us. 
 Evaluation 
 Initial Review. The Investment Team examines information furnished by the target company and external sources, including banks, advisors and rating agencies, if applicable, to determine whether the investment meets our basic investment criteria within the context of proper allocation of our portfolio among various issuers and industries, and offers an acceptable probability of attractive returns with identifiable downside risk. In the case of directly originated transactions, Blackstone Credit conducts detailed due diligence investigations. For the majority of securities available on the secondary market, a comprehensive analysis is conducted and continuously maintained by a dedicated Blackstone Credit research analyst, the results of which are available for the transaction team to review. 
 Credit Analysis/Due Diligence . Before undertaking an investment, the Investment Team conducts a thorough and rigorous due diligence review of the opportunity to ensure the company fits our investment strategy for originated investments, which may include but are not limited to: 
 a full operational analysis to identify the key risks and opportunities of the target s business, including a detailed review of historical and projected financial results; 
 a detailed analysis of industry and customer dynamics, competitive position, regulatory, tax, legal and environmental, social and governance matters; 
 on-site visits and customer and supplier reference calls, if deemed necessary; 
 9 

background checks to further evaluate management and other key personnel; 
 a review by legal and accounting professionals, environmental or other industry consultants, if necessary; 
 financial sponsor due diligence, including portfolio company and lender reference checks, if necessary; and 
 a review of management s experience and track record. 
 Third parties are often involved in the Adviser s due diligence process, whether they are hired by the Adviser or by the lead sponsor in a transaction. Utilizing consultants to help evaluate a business and test an investment thesis is typically very beneficial. When possible, the Adviser seeks to structure transactions in such a way that our target companies are required to bear the costs of due diligence, including those costs related to any outside consulting work we may require. 
 The foregoing initial assessment is then followed by extensive credit analysis, including asset valuation, financial analysis, cash flow analysis and scenario analysis, legal and accounting review, and comparable credit and equity analyses. A thorough assessment of structure and leverage of a transaction and how the particular investment fits into the overall investment strategy of the portfolio is conducted. Blackstone Credit s typical diligence process for an originated investment opportunity spans two to six months, from the initial screen through final approval and funding. Depending on the deal, each investment team typically consists of three to four investment professionals, consisting of a portfolio manager, managing director, principal or vice president and associate and/or analyst. 
 Blackstone Credit s due diligence emphasizes the following key criteria to facilitate decisions by the Investment Committee (described below) on an investment: 
 Valuation: What is the intrinsic value of the business? How has the business historically generated returns on capital? Will these returns continue in the future? What growth opportunities does the business have, if any? And, most importantly, is the investment being purchased at a deep discount to long-term intrinsic value? 
 Return Hurdles : Is the investment expected to generate a rate of return that meets the Company's objectives? 
 Risk of Principal Loss Risk/Reward : What is the expected recovery in a severe downside case? Does the expected upside appropriately compensate for risk of loss? 
 Company Analysis : Does the business have a reason to exist? Does it provide needed products and services? Does it have strong business characteristics such as high relative market share and a defensible niche? 
 Industry Analysis : What is the expected time and depth of cyclical downturn? Is the distress related to cyclical or secular issues? Is there a favorable industry structure with respect to customers, suppliers and regulation? 
 Due Diligence : Do we have sufficient information to make an informed investment decision? 
 Catalyst : What steps are required to complete a reorganization, eliminate financial distress, gain control and implement improved business strategies? 
 Exit Plan : Do we expect refinancings, a sale of the company, or other exit opportunities? 
 Investment Committee Process . The Investment Committee review process is multi-step and iterative, and occurs in parallel with the diligence and structuring of investments. The initial investment screening process involves an Investment Committee heads-up (the Heads-Up review presentation by the portfolio manager and members of the investment team. The Heads-Up review involves the production of a short memo with a focus on the following diligence items: an early diligence review of the underlying business fundamentals; expected return potential; expected investment size; assessment of key risks; and an appropriate initial diligence plan. At this point in the decision-making process, the Investment Committee will decide whether or not the Investment Team should proceed with deeper diligence on the investment opportunity. 
 Once in-depth diligence has begun, the investment team presents updates at the weekly Investment Committee meetings. The senior team reviews all activity for the prior week, with a focus on detailed updates of ongoing situations and in- 
 10 

depth review of all new investment opportunities. The type of diligence materials reviewed at these meetings for each company may include, but are not limited to: 
 Detailed historical financial performance 
 Financial models with detailed revenue drivers 
 This includes the construction of a base case, a downside case and specifically tailored cases. This process includes probability-weighted analysis and a range of outcomes analysis. 
 Quarterly liquidity analyses 
 Industry analysis incorporating internal and external work from research analysts and industry consultants 
 Competitive position and market share analysis 
 Customer analysis, including revenue, profitability and concentration risk 
 Pricing and volume analyses 
 Detailed fixed vs. variable cost analysis, and line item analysis of cost of goods sold as well as selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Public and private credit and equity comparable analysis 
 Accounting quality of earnings analysis 
 Legal due diligence 
 The ultimate results and findings of the investment analysis are compiled in comprehensive investment memoranda that are used as the basis to support the investment thesis and are utilized by the Investment Committee for final investment review and approval. Each investment requires the consent of the Investment Committee, which may emphasize the following key criteria (among others) in making a decision: 
 Company Analysis: Does the company meet the investment criteria defined by the Blackstone Credit Scorecard ?: 
 Leading market share position 
 Sustainable barriers to entry that drive pricing power 
 High-quality management team 
 Stable financials: strong free cash flow generation, high earnings before interest and tax margins 
 Conservative capital structure with underlying equity value 
 Liquidity to withstand market cycles 
 Industry Analysis: Is there a favorable industry structure with respect to customers, suppliers and regulation? 
 Due Diligence: Have we fully diligenced each of the investment criteria specified by the Blackstone Credit Scorecard? Have we completely vetted each of the risk factors identified throughout the diligence and Investment Committee process? 
 Valuation: What is the intrinsic value of the business? How has the business historically generated returns on capital? Will these returns continue in the future? What growth opportunities does the business have, if any? Is there substantial equity value to support the capital structure? 
 Risk of Principal Loss Risk/Reward: What is the expected recovery in a severe downside case? Does the expected upside appropriately compensate for risk of loss? 
 Return Hurdles: Is the investment expected to generate a rate of return that meets the Company s objectives? 
 Exit Plan: Do we expect refinancings, a sale of the company, or other exit opportunities? 
 11 

The Investment Committee utilizes a consensus-driven approach and currently consists of the following senior investment professionals: Dwight Scott, Brad Marshall, Robert Zable, Michael Zawadzki, Dan Smith, Rob Horn, Rob Petrini, Louis Salvatore and Paulo Eapen. Others who participate in the Investment Committee process include the members of the Investment Team responsible for sourcing, analyzing and conducting due diligence on the investment and other senior members of Blackstone Credit. For certain investments, generally smaller investments where the Company is participating alongside other lenders in a club deal, providing an anchor order or purchasing broadly syndicated loans, the Investment Committee has delegated the authority to make an investment decision to a sub-committee of the full Investment Committee. For broadly syndicated loan investments made by the Company alongside funds within Blackstone Credit s Liquid Credit Strategies, the portfolio managers of the Company may conduct a joint investment committee with the Liquid Credit Strategies business that follows the investment committee process for the Liquid Credit Strategies business in lieu of the Investment Committee process described above. There are no representatives from other business groups of Blackstone involved in the Company s Investment Committee process. 
 Monitoring 
 Portfolio Monitoring . Active management of our investments is performed by the team responsible for making the initial investment. The Adviser believes that actively managing an investment allows the Investment Team to identify problems early and work with companies to develop constructive solutions when necessary. The Adviser will monitor our portfolio with a focus toward anticipating negative credit events. In seeking to maintain portfolio company performance and help to ensure a successful exit, the Adviser will work closely with, as applicable, the lead equity sponsor, loan syndicator, portfolio company management, consultants, advisers and other security holders to discuss financial position, compliance with covenants, financial requirements and execution of the company s business plan. In addition, depending on the size, nature and performance of the transaction, we may occupy a seat or serve as an observer on a portfolio company s board of directors or similar governing body. 
 Typically, Blackstone Credit will receive financial reports detailing operating performance, sales volumes, margins, cash flows, financial position and other key operating metrics on a quarterly basis from portfolio companies. Blackstone Credit will use this data, combined with due diligence gained through contact with the company s customers, suppliers, competitors, market research and other methods, to conduct an ongoing, rigorous assessment of the company s operating performance and prospects. 
 Watch List . Typically for its portfolio companies, Blackstone Credit establishes at closing a number of reporting and management tools. These tools include regular reporting on portfolio composition and reporting, calls with CEOs and detailed reports and calls with senior management on a regular basis, and quarterly in-person board meetings and board presentations. All reports and presentations are designed with Blackstone Credit input based on its past experience with private investments. These tools allow Blackstone Credit to identify problems quickly and work to fix them before they impair an investment. In addition, Blackstone Credit maintains a watch list for each business under-performing its expectations. Blackstone Credit seeks to approach each situation with the view that working closely with senior management and the shareholders of the company on strategies to remedy problems will ultimately maximize value realization. When, in order to maximize our recovery, Blackstone Credit is forced to take positions inconsistent with the company s shareholders, Blackstone Credit expects to act quickly to enforce its rights. 
 Blackstone Credit strives to position itself to be able to identify and manage the process surrounding a troubled portfolio company. When companies under-perform, Blackstone Credit generally increases its involvement in the business and works closely with senior management to develop plans to help get performance on track. Blackstone Credit will request more information and will enhance our information quality so that we are aware of any developments. Blackstone Credit s Investment Committee process is designed to identify red flags of a potential opportunity early and to leverage the collective knowledge of its prior experiences. Blackstone Credit believes that vetting all investments through its Investment Committee, which has deep expertise across industries, differentiates Blackstone Credit and can help it avoid mistakes. Additionally, Blackstone Credit may provide guidance on key management hires or supplement the portfolio company s board with relevant industry people that Blackstone Credit has worked with previously to engage more deeply in the operations of a portfolio company. Additionally, the GPO team can be leveraged to help reduce costs and augment key leadership positions. 
 Default/Workout . An important element of Blackstone Credit s strategy for originated investments is to attempt to structure investments in a manner such that Blackstone Credit will control negotiations should an issuer violate covenants or need to restructure its balance sheet. Blackstone Credit believes that this is typically achieved by ensuring that an investment is at or above the fulcrum security, if a restructuring were to occur. A fulcrum security is the security in a company s capital structure that, if the company were to be liquidated, would be partially repaid. Generally, securities more senior than the fulcrum security would typically be fully repaid in such a liquidation and securities more junior than the fulcrum security would 
 12 

typically receive no recovery in a liquidation. If an investment should default, Blackstone Credit believes it has ample resources necessary to take a company through a restructuring, as many of its investment professionals have restructuring backgrounds. 
 The Blackstone Credit deal team, along with other creditors and outside counsel, will be responsible for monitoring any defaulting portfolio companies and driving the restructuring processes thereafter. The same Investment Team members who originate an investment remain actively involved, from sourcing through diligence, execution and ongoing management all the way to exit. In the case that an investment requires a heavy workout that results in a board seat and more operational involvement, Blackstone Credit may dedicate or add a senior investment professional to solely focus on the workout situation. This individual will get involved and run the full workout process to allow the other deal team members to focus on new origination and other portfolio companies. Any investment undergoing a workout will also be discussed with portfolio management and the Investment Committee on a regular basis. 
 Valuation Process . Each quarter, we will value investments in our portfolio, and such values will be disclosed each quarter in reports filed with the SEC. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, a valuation committee appointed by the Board will assist the Board in determining the fair value of such investments in good faith, based on procedures adopted by and subject to the supervision of the Board. 
 We will also determine our NAV as of the last day of a month that is not also the last day of a calendar quarter and we intend to update the value of securities with reliable market quotations to the most recent market quotation. For securities without reliable market quotations, the Adviser s valuation team will generally value such assets at the most recent quarterly valuation unless the Adviser determines that a significant observable change has occurred since the most recent quarter end with respect to the investment (which determination may be as a result of a material event at a portfolio company, material change in market spreads, secondary market transaction in the securities of an investment or otherwise). Investments for which market quotations are readily available are recorded at such market quotations. 
 Managerial Assistance . As a BDC, we must offer, and provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies except where the Company purchases securities of an issuer in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance, including through the Blackstone Credit Advantage program. The Adviser and the Administrator will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. To the extent fees are paid for these services, we, rather than the Adviser, will retain any fees paid for such assistance. 
 Exit 
 In addition to payments of principal and interest, we expect the primary methods for the strategy to realize returns on its investments include refinancings, sales of portfolio companies, and in some cases initial public offerings and secondary offerings. While many debt securities in which we will invest have stated maturities of five to eight years, based on Blackstone Credit s past experience, we believe most of these securities will be redeemed or sold prior to maturity. These securities often have call protection that requires an issuer to pay a premium if it redeems in the early years of an investment. However, there is no assurance that our investments will achieve realization events as a result of refinancings, sales of portfolio companies or public offerings and these realization events will become more unlikely when conditions in the loan and capital markets have deteriorated. 
 The Investment Team regularly reviews investments and related market conditions in order to determine if an opportunity exists to realize returns on a particular investment. We believe the Adviser s ability to utilize the entire resources of Blackstone Credit, including the public market traders and research analysts, allows the Adviser to gain access to current market information where the opportunity may exist to sell positions into the market at attractive prices. 
 13 

Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our investments was 48,908.6 million in 532 portfolio companies. 
 The composition of the Company s investment portfolio at cost and fair value was as follows: December 31, 2022 Cost Fair value of Total Investments at Fair Value First lien debt 44,461,300 43,710,812 89.37 Second lien debt 2,074,849 1,872,806 3.83 Unsecured debt 17,583 13,948 0.03 Structured finance investments 409,633 365,269 0.75 Investments in joint ventures 2,232,706 2,188,394 4.47 Equity investments (1) 
 739,225 757,379 1.55 Total 49,935,296 48,908,608 100.00 
 
 (1) Includes equity investment in SLC. 
 
 See the Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022, in our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Consolidated Schedule of Investments for more information on these investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company had unfunded delayed draw terms loans and revolvers in the aggregate principal amount of 6,343.1 million. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities 
 General 
 Blackstone Credit, including the Adviser, provides investment management services to other BDCs, registered investment companies, investment funds, client accounts and proprietary accounts that Blackstone Credit may establish. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates There may be conflicts of interest related to obligations that the Adviser s senior management and Investment Team have to other clients. 
 Blackstone Credit will share any investment and sale opportunities with its other clients and the Company in accordance with the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act") and firm-wide allocation policies, which generally provide for sharing pro rata based on targeted acquisition size or targeted sale size. Subject to the Advisers Act and as further set forth in this annual report, certain other clients may receive certain priority or other allocation rights with respect to certain investments, subject to various conditions set forth in such other clients respective governing agreements. In addition, we expect to offer certain opportunities appropriate for the Company's subsidiaries not wholly owned by the Company, which will result in the Company having less exposure to such assets than it otherwise would have. 
 In addition, as a BDC regulated under the 1940 Act, the Company is subject to certain limitations relating to co-investments and joint transactions with affiliates, which in certain circumstances likely limit the Company s ability to make investments or enter into other transactions alongside other clients. 
 Co-Investment Relief 
 We have in the past co-invested, and in the future may co-invest, with certain affiliates of the Adviser. We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the Company s Board has established objective board criteria Board Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Company will have the opportunity to participate with one or more listed or private Blackstone Credit-managed BDCs (including the Company, the Blackstone Credit BDCs ), and other public or private Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board Criteria and is otherwise consistent within the Company's then current investment objectives and strategies, Blackstone Credit must offer an opportunity for the Blackstone Credit BDCs to participate. The Blackstone Credit BDCs may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether Blackstone Credit determines that the investment is appropriate for the Blackstone Credit BDCs (e.g., based on investment strategy). The co-investment would generally be allocated to us, any other Blackstone Credit 
 14 

BDCs and the other Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets pro rata based on available capital in the applicable asset class. We generally are permitted to co-invest with certain of our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent trustees make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our shareholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our shareholders on the part of any person concerned, (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our shareholders and is consistent with our investment objectives and strategies, and (3) the investment by our affiliates would not disadvantage us, and our participation would not be on a basis different from or less advantageous than that on which our affiliates are investing. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 Competition 
 We compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity funds, mezzanine funds, performing and other credit funds, and funds that invest in CLOs, structured notes, derivatives and other types of collateralized securities and structured products), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. These other BDCs and investment funds might be reasonable investment alternatives to us and may be less costly or complex with fewer and/or different risks than we have. Moreover, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, have begun to invest in areas in which they have not traditionally invested, including making investments in U.S. private companies. As a result of these new entrants, competition for investment opportunities in U.S. private companies may intensify. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms or structure. If we are forced to match our competitors pricing, terms or structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. A significant part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that the market for investments in U.S. private companies is underserved by traditional commercial banks and other financial sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. Furthermore, many of our competitors have greater experience operating under, or are not subject to, the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. 
 Non-Exchange Traded, Perpetual-Life BDC 
 The Company is non-exchange traded, meaning its shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and a perpetual-life BDC, meaning it is an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose Common Shares are intended to be sold by the BDC monthly on a continuous basis at a price generally equal to the BDC s monthly NAV per share. In our perpetual-life structure, we may offer investors an opportunity to repurchase their shares on a quarterly basis, but we are not obligated to offer to repurchase any in any particular quarter in our discretion. We believe that our perpetual nature enables us to execute a patient and opportunistic strategy and be able to invest across different market environments. This may reduce the risk of the Company being a forced seller of assets in market downturns compared to non-perpetual funds. While we may consider a liquidity event at any time in the future, we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our charter or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. 
 Human Resource Capital 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrator or its affiliates pursuant to the Administration Agreement. Each of our executive officers described in Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in this Form 10-K is employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. Our day-to-day investment operations will be managed by the Adviser. The services necessary for the sourcing and administration of our investment portfolio will be provided by investment professionals employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. The Investment Team will focus on origination, non-originated investments and transaction development and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. In addition, we will reimburse the Administrator for its costs, expenses and allocable portion of overhead, including compensation paid by the Administrator (or its affiliates) to the Company s chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs as well as other administrative personnel (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the business and affairs of the Company). 
 15 

Regulation as a BDC 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material prohibitions and descriptions governing BDCs generally. It does not purport to be a complete description of all of the laws and regulations affecting BDCs. 
 Qualifying Assets . Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than Qualifying Assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, Qualifying Assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of Qualifying Assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an Eligible Portfolio Company (as defined below), or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an Eligible Portfolio Company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An Eligible Portfolio Company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 (i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 (ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 
 (iii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies, including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the Eligible Portfolio Company; or 
 (iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 
 (2) Securities of any Eligible Portfolio Company controlled by the BDC. 
 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 (4) Securities of an Eligible Portfolio Company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the BDC already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the Eligible Portfolio Company. 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 Significant Managerial Assistance . A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as Qualifying Assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, trustees, officers or employees, offers to provide and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. 
 Temporary Investments . Pending investment in other types of Qualifying Assets, as described above, our investments can consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less 
 16 

from the time of investment, which are referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets would be Qualifying Assets. 
 Warrants . Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and amount of warrants, options or rights to purchase shares that it may have outstanding at any time. In particular, the amount of shares that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase shares cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares. 
 Leverage and Senior Securities; Coverage Ratio . We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of shares senior to our Common Shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, would at least equal 150 immediately after each such issuance. On August 24, 2020, our sole shareholder approved the adoption of this 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and such election became effective the following day. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we are required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. We are also permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. 
 We have established one or more credit facilities and/or subscription facilities and may establish future facilities or enter into other financing arrangements to facilitate investments and the timely payment of our expenses. Our existing financing facilities bear, and it is anticipated that any future credit facilities will bear interest at floating rates at to-be-determined spreads over LIBOR or another applicable benchmark (e.g., SOFR). We cannot assure shareholders that we will be able to enter into a credit facility. Shareholders will indirectly bear the costs associated with any borrowings under a credit facility or otherwise. In connection with a credit facility or other borrowings, lenders may require us to pledge assets, commitments and/or drawdowns (and the ability to enforce the payment thereof) and may ask to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. In addition, from time to time, our losses on leveraged investments may result in the liquidation of other investments held by us and may result in additional drawdowns to repay such amounts. 
 We also issued unsecured bonds and may have additional bond offerings in the future. 
 We may enter into a total return swap TRS agreement. A TRS is a contract in which one party agrees to make periodic payments to another party based on the change in the market value of the assets underlying the TRS, which may include a specified security, basket of securities or securities indices during a specified period, in return for periodic payments based on a fixed or variable interest rate. A TRS effectively adds leverage to a portfolio by providing investment exposure to a security or market without owning or taking physical custody of such security or investing directly in such market. Because of the unique structure of a TRS, a TRS often offers lower financing costs than are offered through more traditional borrowing arrangements. The Company would typically have to post collateral to cover this potential obligation. To the extent the Company complies with the applicable requirements of Rule 18f-4, the leverage incurred through TRS will not be considered a borrowing for purposes of the Company s overall leverage limitation. 
 We may also create leverage by securitizing our assets (including in CLOs) and retaining the equity portion of the securitized vehicle. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Debt Financing We have formed CLOs, and may form additional CLOs in the future, which may subject us to certain structured financing risks . We may also from time to time make secured loans of our marginable securities to brokers, dealers and other financial institutions. 
 Code of Ethics . We and the Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You may obtain copies of the codes of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Affiliated Transactions . We may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from conducting certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Trustees who are not interested persons and, in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 Other . We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act, and be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 1934 Act. 
 We are also required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any Trustee or officer against any liability to our shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 17 

We are also required to designate a chief compliance officer and to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and to review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 We are not permitted to change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67 or more of such company s shares present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of our public and private offerings of our shares, (ii) cash flows from our operations, (iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. 
 Our primary uses of cash will be for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments, (ii) the cost of operations (including paying the Adviser and the Administrator), (iii) cost of any borrowings or other financing arrangements and (iv) cash distributions to the holders of our shares. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 The Adviser will provide management services to us pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for the following: 
 determining the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with our investment objectives, policies and restrictions; 
 identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for us, including negotiating the terms of investments in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other instruments on our behalf; 
 monitoring our investments; 
 performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 
 exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for us; 
 serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of our portfolio companies; 
 negotiating, obtaining and managing financing facilities and other forms of leverage; and 
 providing us with such other investment advisory and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital. 
 The Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities, and it intends to do so, so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 We will pay the Adviser a fee for its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement consisting of two components: a management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the shareholders. 
 Management Fee 
 The management fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means our total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). For the first calendar month in which we had operations, net assets were measured as the beginning net assets as of the date on which the Company broke escrow on January 7, 2021 (the Escrow Break Date ). Substantial additional fees and expenses may also be charged by the Administrator to the Company, which is an affiliate of the Adviser. In addition, the Adviser agreed to waive its management fee for the first six months following the date on which we break escrow for our offering. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee consists of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains, each as described below. 
 18 

Incentive Fee Based on Income 
 The portion based on our income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between us and the Administrator, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees). 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind "PIK" interest and zero-coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 We will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized); 
 100 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). We refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 12.5 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter; and 
 12.5 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to the Adviser. 
 
 These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. You should be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur an overall loss taking into account capital account losses. For example, if we receive Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in excess of the quarterly hurdle rate, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. 
 19 

The Adviser agreed to waive the incentive fee based on income for the first six months following the Escrow Break Date. The longer an investor held our Common Shares during this period, the longer such investor will have received the benefit of this income based incentive fee waiver period. 
 Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains 
 The second component of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals: 
 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Each year, the fee paid for the capital gains incentive fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for all prior periods. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers Act, including Section 205 thereof. 
 The fees that are payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 Administration Agreement 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will provide, or oversee the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of our other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC and other regulators, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of our Board, managing the payment of expenses, the payment and receipt of funds for investments and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. We will reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Such reimbursement will include the Company s allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) the Company s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for the Company; and (iii) any internal audit group personnel of Blackstone or any of its affiliates, subject to the limitations described in Advisory and Administration Agreements. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party and we will reimburse the Administrator for any services performed for us by such affiliate or third party. The Administrator intends to hire a sub-administrator to assist in the provision of administrative services. The sub-administrator will receive compensation from the Administrator for its sub-administrative services under a sub-administration agreement. 
 The amount of the reimbursement payable to the Administrator will be the lesser of (1) the Administrator s actual costs incurred in providing such services and (2) the amount that we estimate we would be required to pay alternative service providers for comparable services in the same geographic location. The Administrator will be required to allocate the cost of such services to us based on factors such as assets, revenues, time allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. We will not reimburse the Administrator for any services for which it receives a separate fee, or for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of the Administrator. 
 Certain Terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement 
 Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated as described below, each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first becomes effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the independent Trustees. We may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice. The decision to terminate either agreement may be made by a majority of the Board or the shareholders holding a majority of our outstanding voting securities, which means the lesser of (1) 67 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy, or (2) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities. In addition, without payment of any penalty, the Adviser may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement upon 120 days written notice and the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement upon 60 days written notice. The Investment Advisory 
 20 

Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. 
 The Adviser and the Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Company in connection with the matters to which the Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement, respectively, relate, provided that the Adviser and the Administrator shall not be protected against any liability to the Company or its shareholders to which the Adviser or Administrator would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on its part in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations disabling conduct ). Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement provide that, absent disabling conduct, each of our Adviser and our Administrator, as applicable, and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it (collectively, the Indemnified Parties will be entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement and our Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as adviser or administrator for us. The Adviser and the Administrator shall not be liable under their respective agreements with us or otherwise for any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained and monitored by the Adviser or the Administrator in good faith, unless such action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where the Adviser or Administrator had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. In addition, we will not provide for indemnification of an Indemnified Party for any liability or loss suffered by such Indemnified Party, nor will we provide that an Indemnified Party be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by us, unless: (1) we have determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in our best interest; (2) the Indemnified Party was acting on our behalf or performing services for us; (3) such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is the Adviser or Administrator, as applicable, an affiliate of the Adviser or Administrator or one of our officers; and (4) the indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of our net assets and not from our shareholders. 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 We have entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser. The Adviser may elect to pay certain of our expenses on our behalf (each, an Expense Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Company. Any Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), we shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) our net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) our net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 Class I Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions or shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid for sales of any Class I shares and financial intermediaries will not charge transaction or other such fees on Class I Shares. 
 Class I shares are generally available for purchase only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class I shares, (2) by endowments, foundations, pension funds and other institutional investors, (3) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) by our executive officers and trustees and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of the Adviser, Blackstone, Blackstone Credit or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to the prospectus. In certain cases, where a holder of Class S or Class D shares exits a 
 21 

relationship with a participating broker for our offering and does not enter into a new relationship with a participating broker for our offering, such holder s shares may be exchanged into an equivalent NAV amount of Class I shares. 
 Class S Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class S shares, however, if you purchase Class S shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 3.5 cap on NAV for Class S shares. 
 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class S shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the beginning net assets attributable to Class S shares as of the first calendar day of the month. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class D shares, however, if you purchase Class D shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 1.5 cap on NAV for Class D shares. 
 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing fee with respect to our outstanding Class D shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the beginning net assets attributable to Class D shares as of the first calendar day of the month. The shareholder servicing fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D shares are generally available for purchase only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class D shares, (2) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class D shares, (3) through transaction/ brokerage platforms at participating brokers, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) through bank trust departments or any other organization or person authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity for its clients or customers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to the prospectus. 
 Purchase Price 
 During the escrow period, the per share purchase price for the class of share being purchased was 25.00. After the close of the escrow period, shares were sold at the then-current NAV per share. Each class of shares may have a different NAV per share because shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees differ with respect to each class. 
 Distributions 
 We have declared distributions each month beginning in January 2021 through the date of this report and expect to continue to pay regular monthly distributions. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Our Board s discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of our investment company taxable income ICTI (as that term is defined in the Code, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) to our shareholders. See Description of our Shares and Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class I, Class S, and Class D shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares, and Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares) and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). 
 There is no assurance we will pay distributions in any particular amount, if at all. We may fund any distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital or offering proceeds, 
 22 

and although we generally expect to fund distributions from cash flow from operations, we have not established limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. The extent to which we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will depend on various factors, including the level of participation in our distribution reinvestment plan, how quickly we invest the proceeds from this and any future offering and the performance of our investments. Funding distributions from the sales of assets, borrowings or return of capital will result in us having less funds available to acquire investments. As a result, the return you realize on your investment may be reduced. Doing so may also negatively impact our ability to generate cash flows. Likewise, funding distributions from the sale of additional securities will dilute your interest in us on a percentage basis and may impact the value of your investment especially if we sell these securities at prices less than the price you paid for your shares. We believe the likelihood that we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will be higher in the early stages of the offering. 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 The Board approved a distribution and servicing plan (the Distribution and Servicing Plan ). The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees the Company pays the Intermediary Manager with respect to the Class I, Class S, and Class D on an annualized basis as a percentage of the Company s NAV for such class. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees is paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. 
 Shareholder 
 Servicing and/or 
 Distribution 
 Fee as a 
 of NAV 
 Class I shares 
 
 Class S shares 
 0.85 Class D shares 
 0.25 
 Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation, the Company will pay a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S shares and a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares, in each case, payable monthly. 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The distribution and servicing expenses borne by the participating brokers may be different from and substantially less than the amount of shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees charged. The Intermediary Manager will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. All or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee may be used to pay for sub-transfer agency, sub-accounting and certain other administrative services that are not required to be paid pursuant to the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees under FINRA rules. The Company also may pay for these sub-transfer agency, sub-accounting and certain other administrative services outside of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees and its Distribution and Servicing Plan. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Intermediary Manager will waive the shareholder servicing fee and/or distribution that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 23 

Share Repurchase Program 
 We have implemented a share repurchase program under which, at the discretion of our Board, we intend to offer to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, such target amount is assessed each calendar quarter. Our Board may amend or suspend the share repurchase program (including to offer to purchase fewer shares) if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, or may only be available in an amount less than 5 of our Common Shares outstanding, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Under our share repurchase program, to the extent we offer to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, we expect to repurchase shares pursuant to quarterly tender offers using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders. This Early Repurchase Deduction will also generally apply to minimum account repurchases, as discussed in the prospectus. Shareholders who are exchanging a class of our shares for an equivalent aggregate NAV of another class of our shares will not be subject to, and will not be treated as repurchases for the calculation of, the 5 quarterly calculation on repurchases and will not be subject to the Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Adviser, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Adviser has a duty to monitor corporate events and to vote proxies, as well as a duty to cast votes in the best interest of clients and not subrogate client interests to its own interests. Rule 206(4)-6 under the Advisers Act places specific requirements on registered investment advisers with proxy voting authority. 
 Proxy Policies 
 The Adviser s policies and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that the Adviser votes proxies in the best interest of the Company and addresses how it will resolve any conflict of interest that may arise when voting proxies and, in so doing, to maximize the value of the investments made by the Company, taking into consideration the Company s investment horizons and other relevant factors. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a shareholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by its clients. Although the Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Decisions on how to vote a proxy generally are made by the Adviser. The Investment Committee and the members of the Investment Team covering the applicable security often have the most intimate knowledge of both a company s operations and the potential impact of a proxy vote s outcome. Decisions are based on a number of factors which may vary depending on a proxy s subject matter, but are guided by the general policies described in the proxy policy. In addition, the Adviser may determine not to vote a proxy after consideration of the vote s expected benefit to clients and the cost of voting the proxy. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, the Adviser will require the members of the Investment Committee to disclose any personal conflicts of interest they may have with respect to overseeing the Company s investment in a particular company. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information, without charge, regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10154. 
 24 

Reporting Obligations and Available Information 
 We furnish our shareholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the 1934 Act. We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and our trustees, officers and 10 beneficial owners file reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 pursuant to section 13(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the 1934 Act. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information. We have made available free of charge on our website (www.bcred.com) our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and the purchase, ownership and disposition of our shares. This discussion does not purport to be complete or to deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to shareholders in light of their particular circumstances. Unless otherwise noted, this discussion applies only to U.S. shareholders that hold our shares as capital assets. A U.S. shareholder is an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, a U.S. corporation, a trust if it (a) is subject to the primary supervision of a court in the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) has made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person, or any estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source. This discussion is based upon present provisions of the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and administrative ruling authorities, all of which are subject to change, or differing interpretations (possibly with retroactive effect). This discussion does not represent a detailed description of the U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to special classes of taxpayers including, without limitation, financial institutions, insurance companies, investors in pass-through entities, U.S. shareholders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, tax-exempt organizations, dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities or commodities that elect mark to market treatment, or persons that will hold our shares as a position in a straddle, hedge or as part of a constructive sale for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, this discussion does not address the application of the Medicare tax on net investment income or the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax, or any tax consequences attributable to persons being required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to our shares as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors with regard to the U.S. federal tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, or disposition of our shares, as well as the tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, foreign country or other taxing jurisdiction. 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 The Company has elected to be treated, and intends to qualify each taxable year, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 To qualify for the favorable tax treatment accorded to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code, the Company must, among other things: (1) have an election in effect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; (2) have filed with its return for the taxable year an election to be a RIC or have made such election for a previous taxable year; (3) derive in each taxable year at least 90 of its gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, and gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities or foreign currencies, or other income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to its business of investing in such stock, securities, or currencies; and (b) net income derived from an interest in certain publicly-traded partnerships that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that derive less than 90 of their gross income from the items described in (a) above (each, a Qualified Publicly-Traded Partnership and (4) diversify its holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year of the Company (a) at least 50 of the value of the Company s total assets is represented by cash and cash items (including receivables), U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs, and other securities for purposes of this calculation limited, in respect of any one issuer to an amount not greater in value than 5 of the value of the Company s total assets, and to not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (b) not more than 25 of the value of the Company s total assets is invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs) of (I) any one issuer, (II) any two or more issuers which the Company controls and which are determined to be engaged in the same or similar trades or businesses or related trades or businesses or (III) any one or more Qualified Publicly-Traded Partnerships (described in 3(b) above). 
 As a RIC, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its investment company taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code, but determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) and net capital gain (the excess of net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss), if any, that it distributes in each taxable year to its shareholders, provided that it distributes at least 90 of the sum of its investment company taxable income and its net tax- 
 25 

exempt income for such taxable year. Generally, the Company intends to distribute to its shareholders, at least annually, substantially all of its investment company taxable income and net capital gains, if any. 
 Amounts not distributed on a timely basis in accordance with a calendar year distribution requirement are subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax. To prevent imposition of the excise tax, the Company must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gains in excess of its capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any ordinary income and capital gains for previous years that were not distributed during those years. For these purposes, the Company will be deemed to have distributed any income or gains on which it paid U.S. federal income tax. 
 A distribution will be treated as paid on December 31 of any calendar year if it is declared by the Company in October, November or December with a record date in such a month and paid by the Company during January of the following calendar year. Such distributions will be taxable to shareholders in the calendar year in which the distributions are declared, rather than the calendar year in which the distributions are received. 
 If the Company fails to qualify as a RIC or fails to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement in any taxable year, the Company would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on its taxable income (including distributions of net capital gain), even if such income were distributed to its shareholders, and all distributions out of earnings and profits would be taxed to shareholders as ordinary dividend income. Such distributions generally would be eligible (i) to be treated as qualified dividend income in the case of individual and other non-corporate shareholders and (ii) for the dividends received deduction in the case of corporate shareholders. In addition, the Company could be required to recognize unrealized gains, pay taxes and make distributions (which could be subject to interest charges) before requalifying for taxation as a RIC. 

A. 
 26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

B. 
 36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

. 
 41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

C. 
 52 

53 

D. 

54 

E. 
 55 

56 

) ) 
 
 (1) Based on (i) 52.7 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2022, (ii) 26.8 billion in outstanding indebtedness at par, as of December 31, 2022, (iii) 22.7 billion in net assets as of December 31, 2022 and (iv) an annualized average interest rate, including fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs), on our indebtedness, as of December 31, 2022, of 5.52 . 
 57 

58 

F. 

59 

G. 

60 

61 

H. 
 62 

63 

64 

65 

66 

67 

68 

69 

70 

71 

72 

73 

74 

75 

76 

77 

78 

79 

80 

81 

82 

83 

84 

85 

86 

87 

88 

89 

90 

91 

92 

93 

94 

95 

96 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our corporate headquarters are located at 345 Park Avenue, 31st floor, New York, New York 10154 and are provided by the Administrator in accordance with the terms of our Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of any such future legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that any such future proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 97 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Share Issuances 
 The Offering consists of three classes of shares of our Common Stock, Class I shares, Class S shares, and Class D shares. The share classes have different ongoing shareholder servicing fees. Other than the differences in ongoing shareholder servicing fees, each class of Common Stock has the same economics and voting rights. Shares of our common stock are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and there is no established public trading market for our common stock. 
 As of March 13, 2023 there were 607,214,020 holders of record of our Class I common stock, 291,608,554 holders of record of our Class S common stock, and 50,503,702 holders of record of our Class D common stock. 
 
 We expect to determine our NAV for each class of shares each month as of the last day of each calendar month. The NAV per share for each class of shares is determined by dividing the value of total assets attributable to the class minus liabilities attributable to the class by the total number of Common Shares outstanding of the class at the date as of which the determination is made. The following table presents our monthly NAV per share for each of the classes of shares since our inception through December 31, 2022: 
 NAV Per Share For the Months Ended Class I Class S Class D January 31, 2022 25.93 25.93 25.93 February 28, 2022 25.80 25.80 25.80 March 31, 2022 25.82 25.82 25.82 April 30, 2022 25.76 25.76 25.76 May 31, 2022 25.28 25.28 25.28 June 30, 2022 24.80 24.80 24.80 July 31, 2022 25.02 25.02 25.02 August 31, 2022 25.12 25.12 25.12 September 30, 2022 24.62 24.62 24.62 October 31, 2022 24.60 24.60 24.60 November 30, 2022 24.73 24.73 24.73 December 31, 2022 24.59 24.59 24.59 
 
 Distributions 
 We have paid regular monthly distributions commencing with the first full calendar quarter after the escrow period concluded. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Our Board s discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of our investment company taxable income ICTI (as that term is defined in the Code, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) to our shareholders. See Description of our Shares and Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class S, Class D and Class I shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares, and Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares) and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). 
 98 

The following table presents our distributions that were declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts) by share class: 
 Class I Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 26, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 24, 2022 0.1740 66,686 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 0.1740 75,042 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 0.1740 82,959 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 0.1740 89,838 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 0.1740 96,450 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 0.1740 100,372 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1740 102,863 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 0.0700 42,578 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1740 105,836 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 0.1740 108,483 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.1900 116,878 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 0.1900 118,609 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 0.2100 132,959 2.2260 1,239,553 
 Class S Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 26, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 24, 2022 0.1556 23,816 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 0.1556 26,598 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 0.1557 29,834 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 0.1557 32,985 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 0.1558 35,893 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 0.1561 38,018 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1564 39,451 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 0.0700 18,159 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1563 40,547 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 0.1563 41,985 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.1726 47,396 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 0.1726 48,524 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 0.1926 55,342 2.0113 478,548 
 99 

Class D Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 26, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 24, 2022 0.1686 3,469 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 0.1686 3,961 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 0.1686 4,551 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 0.1686 5,126 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 0.1686 5,699 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 0.1687 6,190 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1688 6,555 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 0.0700 2,933 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1688 7,073 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 0.1688 7,401 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.1849 8,469 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 0.1849 8,792 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 0.2049 10,084 2.1628 80,303 
 (1) Represents a special distribution. 
 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 The Board approved a distribution and servicing plan (the Distribution and Servicing Plan ). The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees the Company will pay the Intermediary Manager with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I on an annualized basis as a percentage of the Company s NAV for such class. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. Shareholder 
 Servicing and/or 
 Distribution 
 Fee as a 
 of NAV 
 Class I shares Class S shares 0.85 Class D shares 0.25 
 Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation, the Company will pay a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S shares and a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares, in each case, payable monthly. 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Intermediary Manager will waive the shareholder servicing fee and/or distribution that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 
 100 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 We have implemented a share repurchase program under which, at the discretion of our Board, the Company may repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the NAV of the Company s Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, such target amount is assessed each calendar quarter. The Board may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time (including to offer to purchase fewer shares) if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in the best interest of shareholders, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, or may only be available in an amount less than 5 of our Common Shares outstanding. The Company intends to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Under the share repurchase plan, to the extent the Company offers to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, it is expected to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders across all shares. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 87,743,313 shares were repurchased for a total value of 2,158.7 million. 
 The following table presents the share repurchases completed during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Repurchase deadline request Total Number of Shares Repurchased (all classes) Percentage of Outstanding Shares Repurchased (1) Price Paid Per Share Repurchase Pricing Date Amount Repurchased (all classes)(3) Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the repurchase plan (2) February 28, 2022 2,146,916 0.43 25.82 March 31, 2022 54,464 May 31, 2022 11,488,257 1.66 24.80 June 30, 2022 282,505 August 31, 2022 26,978,603 3.19 24.62 September 30, 2022 663,415 November 30, 2022 47,129,537 5.18 24.59 December 31, 2022 1,158,337 
 (1) Percentage is based on total shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. 
 (2) All repurchase requests were satisfied in full. 
 (3) Amounts shown net of Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 
 Item 6. (Reserved). 

101 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year to year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. For the discussion of 2021 compared to 2020 see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which specific discussion is incorporated herein by reference. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K Risk Factors. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to factors discussed under Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview and Investment Framework 
 We are a newly organized, externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Formed as a Delaware statutory trust on February 11, 2020, we are externally managed by the Adviser, which is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. Our Adviser is registered as investment adviser with the SEC. We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under the Code. 
 Under our Investment Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay the Adviser an annual management fee as well as an incentive fee based on our investment performance. Also, under the Administration Agreement, we have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 
 
 Most of our investments will be in U.S. private companies, but (subject to compliance with BDCs requirement to invest at least 70 of its assets in U.S. private companies), we also expect to invest to some extent in European and other non-U.S. companies, but do not expect to invest in emerging markets. Subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, we may invest in loans or other securities, the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by other Blackstone Credit funds. From time to time, we may co-invest with other Blackstone Credit funds. 
 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Investments 
 
 We focus primarily on loans and securities, including syndicated loans, of private U.S. companies. Our level of investment activity (both the number of investments and the size of each investment) can and will vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to private companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment, trading prices of loans and other securities and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income on debt investments, capital gains, and dividend income from our equity investments in our portfolio companies. Our senior and subordinated debt investments are expected to bear interest at a 
 102 

fixed or floating rate. Interest on debt securities is generally payable quarterly or semiannually. In some cases, some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest. The principal amount of the debt securities and any accrued but unpaid PIK interest generally will become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment and other fees in connection with transactions. Original issue discounts and market discounts or premiums will be capitalized, and we will accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. Dividend income, if any, will be recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. In addition, we generate revenue in the form of commitment, loan origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, and possibly consulting fees. 
 In addition, we generate revenue in the form of commitment, loan origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, and possibly consulting fees. 
 Expenses 
 Except as specifically provided below, all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to us, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. We will bear all other costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to (a) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement; (b) our allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for us; and (iii) any internal audit group personnel of Blackstone or any of its affiliates; and (c) all other expenses of our operations, administrations and transactions. 
 From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. We will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on our behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders. 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 We have entered into an Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser. For additional information see Item 8. Financial Statement Notes to Financial Statement Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 
 103 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 33,770.9 million aggregate principal amount of investments (including 3,579.0 million of unfunded commitments), 30,283.5 million of which was first lien debt, 833.1 million of which was second lien debt, 38.9 million of which was unsecured debt, 129.8 million of which was structured finance investments, 252.8 million of which was equity and 2,232.7 million of investments in our joint ventures. 
 Our investment activity is presented below (information presented herein is at amortized cost unless otherwise indicated) (dollar amounts in thousands): As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Investments: Total investments, beginning of period 30,698,023 New investments purchased (1) 
 28,498,983 34,311,996 Net accretion of discount on investments 147,923 38,201 Net realized gain (loss) on investments (6) 
 (252,197) (252,197) 12,796 Investments sold or repaid (7) 
 (9,157,436) (3,664,970) Total investments, end of period 49,935,296 30,698,023 Amount of investments funded at principal: First lien debt investments 26,775,118 31,929,838 Second lien debt investments 764,387 1,982,239 Unsecured debt 38,949 81,418 Structured finance investments 129,811 288,700 Equity investments and Investments in Joint Ventures (5) 
 2,483,632 528,924 Total 30,191,897 34,811,119 Proceeds from investments sold or repaid: First lien debt investments (8,637,315) (3,413,413) Second lien debt investments (448,327) (177,391) Unsecured debt (24,922) (74,166) Structured finance investments (6,100) Equity investments (40,770) Total (9,157,434) (3,664,970) Number of portfolio companies 532 454 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at cost (2)(3) 
 10.37 6.71 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at fair value (2)(3) 
 10.59 6.69 Average loan to value (LTV) (4) 
 43.6 42.7 Percentage of debt investments bearing a floating rate, at fair value 99.8 99.6 Percentage of debt investments bearing a fixed rate, at fair value 0.2 0.4 
 (1) Includes payment-in-kind PIK interest capitalized, which increases the loan principal. 
 (2) Computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield plus the annual accretion of discounts or less the annual amortization of premiums, as applicable, on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total debt investments (at fair value or cost, as applicable) included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average total portfolio yield at cost was 9.75 and 6.59 , respectively. The weighted average total portfolio yield at fair value was 9.95 and 6.57 , respectively. 
 (4) Includes all private debt investments for which fair value is determined by our Board in conjunction with a third-party valuation firm and excludes quoted assets. Average loan-to-value represents the net ratio of loan-to-value for each portfolio company, weighted based on the fair value of total applicable private debt investments. Loan-to-value is calculated as the current total net debt through each respective loan tranche divided by the estimated enterprise value of the portfolio company as of the most recent quarter end. 
 104 

(5) Includes 2,232.7 million of investments in our joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no investments in our joint ventures in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (6) Net realized gain (loss) on investments includes 9.9 million of net realized losses related to investments contributed in-kind to our joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (7) Investments sold or repaid includes the amortized cost of First lien debt investments and Second lien debt investments of 354.7 million and 114.6 million, respectively, related to investments contributed in-kind to our joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our portfolio companies had a weighted average annual EBITDA of 189 million and 150 million, respectively. These calculations include all private debt investments for which fair value is determined by the Board in conjunction with a third-party valuation firm and excludes quoted assets. Amounts are weighted based on fair value of each respective investment. Amounts were derived from the most recently available portfolio company financial statements, have not been independently estimated by us, and may reflect a normalized or adjusted amount. Accordingly, we make no representation or warranty in respect of this information. 
 Our investments consisted of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cost Fair value of Total Investments at Fair Value Cost Fair Value of Total Investments at Fair Value First lien debt 44,461,300 43,710,812 89.37 28,076,107 28,143,451 91.39 Second lien debt 2,074,849 1,872,806 3.83 1,799,656 1,813,872 5.89 Unsecured debt 17,583 13,948 0.03 6,061 5,842 0.02 Structured finance investments 409,633 365,269 0.75 287,275 286,610 0.93 Investments in joint ventures 2,232,706 2,188,394 4.47 Equity investments (1) 
 739,225 757,379 1.55 528,924 545,918 1.77 Total 49,935,296 48,908,608 100.00 30,698,023 30,795,693 100.00 
 
 (1) Includes equity investment in SLC. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, one loan and zero loans in the portfolio were on non-accrual status, respectively. 
 
 BCRED Emerald JV LP 
 BCRED Emerald JV LP Emerald JV ), a Delaware limited liability company, was formed as a joint venture between the Company and a large North American pension fund (the Emerald JV Partner ), and commenced operations on January 18, 2022 and operates under a limited liability company agreement. The Emerald JV s principal purpose is to make investments, primarily in senior secured loans that are made to middle-market companies or in broadly syndicated loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Emerald JV Partner agreed to commit 2,250.0 million and 750 million, respectively, of capital to the Emerald JV. The Company and the Emerald JV partner own 75 and 25 , respectively, of the equity ownership interest of the Emerald JV. The Company and the Emerald JV Partner, through their joint control of the Emerald JV s General Partner, have equal control of the Emerald JV's investment decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the Emerald JV must be approved by the Emerald JV's investment committee or board of directors, each of which consists of an equal number of representatives of the Company and the Emerald JV Partner. The Company does not consolidate the Emerald JV. 
 105 

As of December 31, 2022. the Emerald JV had total investments at fair value of 6,143.3 million, including total investments in senior secured debt at fair value of 5,722.4 million. The following table is a summary of JV s portfolio as well as a listing of the portfolio investments in the Emerald JV s portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Total senior secured debt investments at fair value 5,722,448 Number of portfolio companies 443 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at fair value (2) 10.88 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at cost (2) 10.72 Percentage of debt portfolio at floating interest rates (1) 93.50 Percentage of debt portfolio at fixed interest rates (1) 6.50 Percentage of assets on non-accrual (1) 0.09 
 (1) Based on fair value 
 (2) Computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield plus the annual accretion of discounts or less the annual amortization of premiums, as applicable, on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total debt investments (at fair value or cost, as applicable) included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 
 BCRED Verdelite JV 
 
 BCRED Verdelite JV LP Verdelite JV ), a Delaware limited liability company, was formed as a joint venture between the Company and an entity managed by an alternative credit management investment firm with a specialized focus on structured and syndicated credit, including CLO management (the Verdelite JV Partner ), and commenced operations on October 21, 2022 and operates under a limited liability company agreement. The Verdelite JV s principal purpose is to make investments, primarily in broadly syndicated loans. 
 On October 21, 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the Verdelite JV Partner committed to contribute 147 million and 21 million of capital, respectively, to the Verdelite JV. The Company and the Emerald JV partner own 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of the equity ownership interest of the Verdelite JV. The Company and the Verdelite JV Partner, through their joint control of the Verdelite JV s General Partner, have equal control of the Verdelite JV's investment decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the Verdelite JV must be approved by the Verdelite JV's investment committee or board of directors, each of which consists of an equal number of representatives of the Company and the Verdelite JV Partner. The Company does not consolidate the Verdelite JV. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Verdelite JV had total investments at fair value of 490.6 million. The following table is a summary of JV s portfolio as well as a listing of the portfolio investments in the Verdelite JV s portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Total senior secured debt investments at fair value 490,615 Number of portfolio companies 129 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at fair value (2) 9.25 Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments, at cost (2) 9.16 Percentage of debt portfolio at floating interest rates (1) 100.00 Percentage of debt portfolio at fixed interest rates (1) Percentage of assets on non-accrual (1) 
 (1) Based on fair value 
 (2) Computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield plus the annual accretion of discounts or less the annual amortization of premiums, as applicable, on accruing debt included in such securities, divided by (b) total debt investments (at fair value or cost, as applicable) included in such securities. Actual yields earned over the life of each investment could differ materially from the yields presented above. 
 
 For additional information on our Emerald JV and Verdelite JV, see Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 11. Joint Ventures. 
 106 

Results of Operations 
 The following table represents our operating results (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Total investment income 3,602,347 810,440 Net expenses 1,616,795 303,024 Net investment income before excise tax 1,985,552 507,416 Excise tax expense 975 Net investment income after excise tax 1,984,577 507,416 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1,045,678) 103,901 Net realized gain (loss) (275,829) 16,565 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 663,070 627,882 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations can vary from period to period as a result of various factors, including acquisitions, the level of new investment commitments, the recognition of realized gains and losses and changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on the investment portfolio. As a result, comparisons may not be meaningful. 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income was as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Interest income 3,330,329 768,141 Payment-in-kind interest income 129,475 9,267 Dividend income 114,604 2,209 Fee income 27,939 30,823 Total investment income 3,602,347 810,440 
 Total investment income increased to 3,602.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 810.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by our deployment of capital, increased benchmark interest rates driving increased interest income from our investments and dividend income from our joint ventures. The size of our investment portfolio grew to 48,908.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 30,795.7 million at December 31, 2021. Included in investment income is dividend income of 112.5 million received from our Emerald JV and Verdelite JV joint ventures and our investment in Specialty Lending Company LLC "SLC" for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.8 million received from our investment in SLC for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 While rising interest rates have favorably impacted our investment income during 2022, further interest rate increases and the resulting higher cost of capital have the potential to negatively impact the free cash flow and credit quality of certain borrowers which could impact their ability to make principal and interest payments. If such interest rate increases occur concurrently with a period of economic weakness or a slowdown in growth, our borrowers and/or our portfolio performance may be negatively impacted. Further, significant market dislocation as a result of changing economic conditions could limit the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets, and this would impact our ability to sell such assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner. 
 107 

Expenses 
 Expenses were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Interest expense 990,538 144,929 Management fees 259,944 74,560 Income based incentive fee 288,892 71,500 Capital gains incentive fee (15,058) 15,058 Distribution and shareholder servicing fees Class S 50,424 11,752 Class D 2,302 338 Professional fees 12,917 3,533 Board of Trustees fees 877 563 Administrative service expenses 5,767 2,094 Other general administrative 15,156 6,491 Organization costs 1,090 Amortization of continuous offering costs 5,036 4,217 Total expenses 1,616,795 336,125 Expense support (2,199) Recoupment of expense support 2,199 Management fees waived (18,231) Incentive fees waived (14,870) Net expenses 1,616,795 303,024 
 Interest Expense 
 Total interest expense (including unused fees, amortization of deferred financing costs and accretion of net discounts on unsecured debt) increased to 990.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 144.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by increased borrowings under our credit facilities and our unsecured note and debt securitization issuances. The average principal outstanding increased to 23,930.7 million from 6,153.4 million in the prior year. 
 Management Fees 
 Management fees increased to 259.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 74.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in net assets. The Adviser waived management fees from inception through July 7, 2021, which resulted in a waiver of 18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no waiver for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Income Based Incentive Fees 
 Income based incentive fees increased to 288.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 71.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in pre-incentive fee net investment income. The Adviser waived income based incentive fees from inception through July 7, 2021, which resulted in a waiver of 14.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no waiver for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Capital Gains Based Incentive Fees 
 We accrued capital gains based incentive fees of (15.1) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, attributable to net realized and unrealized loss of 1,321.5 million. The reversal of previously accrued incentive fees was attributable to net realized and unrealized losses in the current year. The accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under U.S. GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reduction of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less in the prior period. If such cumulative amount is negative, then there is no accrual. 
 108 

Other Expenses 
 Total other expenses were 92.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily comprised of 52.7 million of distribution and shareholder servicing fees paid with respect to Class S and Class D investors, 12.9 million of professional fees (including legal, rating agencies, audit, tax, valuation, technology and other professional fees related to management of the Company), and 15.2 million of general and administrative expenses (including insurance, filing, research, and fees paid to our sub-administrator and transfer agent). The increase compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the costs attributable to increased subscriptions to our Class S and Class D shares, servicing a growing investment portfolio, and increased borrowings through the establishment of new financing facilities and the issuance of unsecured notes and debt securitizations. 
 Income Taxes, Including Excise Taxes 
 We elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and we intend to operate in a manner so as to continue to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must, among other things, distribute to our shareholders in each taxable year generally at least 90 of the sum of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code (without regard to the deduction for dividends paid), and net tax-exempt income for that taxable year. To maintain our tax treatment as a RIC, we, among other things, intend to make the requisite distributions to our shareholders, which generally relieve us from corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may carry forward taxable income (including net capital gains, if any) in excess of current year dividend distributions from the current tax year into the next tax year and pay a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such taxable income, as required. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions from such income, we will accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 1.0 million and 0.0 million, respectively, of U.S. federal excise tax. 
 Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) was comprised of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments (1,050,537) 113,329 Foreign currency forward contracts (4,301) 1,505 Foreign currency transactions 9,160 (10,933) Net unrealized gain (loss) (1,045,678) 103,901 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net unrealized losses on investments of 1,050.5 million, compared to net unrealized gains on investments of 113.3 million during the prior year, which were primarily driven by a decrease in the fair value of our debt investments. The fair value of our debt investments as a percentage of principal decreased by 2.3 , from 98.6 as of December 31, 2021 to 96.3 as of December 31, 2022, partially due to inflation and changes in the economic outlook during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, we had net unrealized losses of 4.3 million and net unrealized gains of 9.2 million on foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency transactions, respectively, primarily as a result of fluctuations in the GBP, CAD and EUR exchange rates. 
 109 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) 
 
 The realized gains and losses on fully exited and partially exited investments comprised of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net realized gain (loss) on investments (252,197) 12,796 Net realized gain (loss) on derivative instruments (43,104) Net realized gain (loss) on forward purchase obligation 3,709 Net realized gain (loss) on syndicated warehouse agreement 2,334 Net realized gain (loss) on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies and other transactions 19,472 (2,274) Net realized gain (loss) (275,829) 16,565 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, we generated net realized losses on investments of 252.2 million, which was primarily from full or partial sales of our debt investments. Additionally, we generated net realized losses of 43.1 million on derivative assets and derivative liabilities from the settlement of our foreign currency derivative transactions. These items were partially offset by net realized gains of 19.5 million on foreign currency translations primarily as a result of fluctuations in the GBP, CAD, EUR and SEK exchange rates vs. USD. 
 110 

and . 
 Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, taken together with our 9,195.6 million of unused capacity under our credit facilities (subject to borrowing base availability), proceeds from new or amended financing arrangements and the continuous offering of our Common Shares is expected to be sufficient for our investing activities and to conduct our operations in the near term. This determination is based in part on our expectations for the timing of funding investment purchases and the timing and amount of future proceeds from sales of our Common Shares and the use of existing and future financing arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we had significant amounts payable and commitments for new investments, which we planned to fund using proceeds from offering our Common Shares and available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities. Additionally, we held 6,973.2 million of Level 2 debt investments as of December 31, 2022, which could provide additional liquidity if necessary. 
 Although we were able to close on new financing facilities, a new revolving credit facility, issue several new unsecured notes and debt securitizations during the year ended December 31, 2022, a deterioration in economic conditions or any other negative economic developments could restrict our access to financing in the future. We may not be able to find new financing for future investments or liquidity needs and, even if we are able to obtain such financing, such financing may not be on as favorable terms as we have previously obtained. These factors may limit our ability to make new investments and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,351.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 18,185.7 million, primarily as a result of funding portfolio investments of 27,899.5 million and partially offset by proceeds from sale of investments of 8,698.0 million and an increase in payables for investments purchases of 348.2 million and interest payable of 265.7 million. Cash provided by financing activities was 18,895.7 million during the period, primarily as a result of 12,363.2 million of subscriptions and net borrowings of 8,553.0 million. 
 
 111 

Equity 
 The following table presents transactions in the Common Shares during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands except share amounts): 
 Shares Amount CLASS I Subscriptions 299,758,354 7,657,964 Share transfers between classes 2,883,597 72,944 Distributions reinvested 20,643,452 520,100 Share repurchases (78,639,416) (1,938,513) Early repurchase deduction 3,833 Net increase (decrease) 244,645,987 6,316,328 CLASS S Subscriptions 151,557,777 3,867,398 Share transfers between classes (1,117,876) (27,793) Distributions reinvested 8,108,844 204,169 Share repurchases (8,432,731) (208,436) Early repurchase deduction 828 Net increase (decrease) 150,116,014 3,836,166 CLASS D Subscriptions 32,952,511 837,827 Share transfers between classes (1,765,721) (45,151) Distributions reinvested 1,465,842 36,842 Share repurchases (671,166) (16,537) Early repurchase deduction 104 Net increase (decrease) 31,981,466 813,085 Total net increase (decrease) 426,743,467 10,965,579 
 Distributions and Distribution Reinvestment 
 The following table presents the Company's distributions declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Class I Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 26, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 24, 2022 0.1740 66,686 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 0.1740 75,042 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 0.1740 82,959 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 0.1740 89,838 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 0.1740 96,450 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 0.1740 100,372 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1740 102,863 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 0.0700 42,578 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1740 105,836 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 0.1740 108,483 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.1900 116,878 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 0.1900 118,609 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 0.2100 132,959 2.2260 1,239,553 
 112 

Class S Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 26, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 24, 2022 0.1556 23,816 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 0.1556 26,598 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 0.1557 29,834 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 0.1557 32,985 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 0.1558 35,893 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 0.1561 38,018 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1564 39,451 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 0.0700 18,159 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1563 40,547 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 0.1563 41,985 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.1726 47,396 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 0.1726 48,524 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 0.1926 55,342 2.0113 478,548 
 Class D Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 26, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 24, 2022 0.1686 3,469 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 0.1686 3,961 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 0.1686 4,551 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 0.1686 5,126 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 0.1686 5,699 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 0.1687 6,190 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1688 6,555 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 0.0700 2,933 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1688 7,073 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 0.1688 7,401 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.1849 8,469 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 0.1849 8,792 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 0.2049 10,084 2.1628 80,303 
 (1) Represents a special distribution. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, interest-related dividends represented 99.6 and 87.1 of total distributions paid by the Company, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, short-term capital gain dividends represented and 5.1 of total distributions paid by the Company, respectively. Qualified short-term capital gain dividends are exempt from U.S. withholding tax applicable to non-U.S. shareholders. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, capital gain dividends represented , and of total dividends paid by the Company, respectively. 
 Sources of distributions, other than net investment income and realized gains on a U.S. GAAP basis, include required adjustments to U.S. GAAP net investment income in the current period to determine taxable income available for distributions. The following tables reflect the sources of cash distributions on a U.S. GAAP basis that we declared on our shares of common 
 113 

stock during the year ended December 31, 2022: Class I Class S Class D Source of Distribution Per Share Amount Per Share Amount Per Share Amount Net investment income 2.2260 1,239,553 2.0113 478,548 2.1628 80,303 Net realized gains Total 2.2260 1,239,553 2.0113 478,548 2.1628 80,303 
 With respect to distributions, we have adopted an opt out distribution reinvestment plan for shareholders. As a result, in the event of a declared cash distribution or other distribution, each shareholder that has not opted out of the distribution reinvestment plan will have their dividends or distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares rather than receiving cash distributions. Shareholders who receive distributions in the form of shares will be subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as if they received cash distributions. 
 Share Repur chase Program 
 The Company has implemented a share repurchase program under which, at the discretion of the Board, the Company may repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the NAV of the Company s Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, such target amount is assessed each calendar quarter. The Board may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time (including to offer to purchase fewer shares) if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in the best interest of shareholders, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, or may only be available in an amount less than 5 of our Common Shares outstanding. The Company intends to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Under the share repurchase plan, to the extent the Company offers to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, it is expected to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders across all shares. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 87,743,313 shares were repurchased for a total value of 2,158.7 million (net of Early Repurchase Deduction). 
 
 Borrowings 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had an aggregate principal amount of 26,842.2 million and 18,301.5 million, respectively, of debt outstanding. 
 For additional information on our debt obligations see Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 7. Borrowings. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Portfolio Company Commitments 
 
 Our investment portfolio contains and is expected to continue to contain debt investments which are in the form of lines of credit or delayed draw commitments, which require us to provide funding when requested by portfolio companies in accordance with underlying loan agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had unfunded delayed draw term loans and revolvers with an aggregate principal amount of 6,343.1 million and 4,870.5 million, respectively. 
 114 

Related-Party Transactions 
 We entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
 the Investment Advisory Agreement; 
 the Administration Agreement; 
 Intermediary Manager Agreement; and, 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement. 
 In addition to the aforementioned agreements, we, our Adviser and certain of our Adviser s affiliates have been granted exemptive relief by the SEC to co-invest with other funds managed by our Adviser or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. See Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 The U.S. Federal Reserve s numerous actions to increase interest rates in order to control inflation have created further uncertainty for the economy and for our borrowers. Although our business model is such that rising interest rates will, all else being equal, correlate to increases in our net income, increases in interest rates may adversely affect our existing borrowers. It is difficult to predict the full impact of recent changes and any future changes in interest rates or inflation. 
 Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic downturns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans during these periods. Therefore, during these periods our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease if we are required to write down the values of our investments. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 
 LIBOR and certain other floating rate benchmark indices to which our floating rate loans and other loan agreements are tied, including, without limitation, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, or EURIBOR, the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate, or STIBOR, the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate, or BBSY, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, or CDOR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight, or SARON, and the Copenhagen Interbank Offering Rate, or CIBOR, or collectively, IBORs, are the subject of recent national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. As of December 31, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Association, or IBA, ceased publication of all non-USD LIBOR and the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR and, as and previously announced, intends to cease publication of remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately after June 30, 2023. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. 
 
 At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR, SONIA, or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from USD LIBOR and GBP LIBOR proceeds. Despite the LIBOR transition in other markets, benchmark rate methodologies in Europe, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, and Denmark have been reformed and rates such as EURIBOR, STIBOR, BBSY, CDOR, SARON, and CIBOR may persist as International Organization of Securities Commissions, or IOSCO, compliant reference rates moving forward. However, multi-rate environments may persist in these markets as regulators and working groups have suggested market participants adopt alternative reference rates. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, and 
 115 

any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Our critical accounting policies and estimates should be read in connection with our risk factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The Company is required to report its investments, including those for which current market values are not readily available, at fair value in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ), which defines fair value as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the applicable measurement date, and Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. 
 Fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters when such quotations are readily available. In accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, a market quotation is "readily available" only when it is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical instruments that a fund can access at the measurement date, provided that such a quotation is not considered to be readily available if it is not reliable. The Company utilizes mid-market pricing (i.e., mid-point of average bid and ask prices) to value these investments. These market quotations are obtained from independent pricing services, if available; otherwise generally from at least two principal market makers or primary market dealers. To assess the continuing appropriateness of pricing sources and methodologies, the Adviser regularly performs price verification procedures and issues challenges as necessary to independent pricing services or brokers, and any differences are reviewed in accordance with the valuation procedures. The Adviser does not adjust the prices unless it has a reason to believe market quotations are not reflective of the fair value of an investment. Examples of events that would cause market quotations to not reflect fair value could include cases when a security trades infrequently or not at all, causing a quoted purchase or sale price to become stale, or in the event of a fire sale by a distressed seller. All price overrides require approval from the Board. 
 Where prices or inputs are not available or, in the judgment of the Board, not reliable, valuation techniques based on the facts and circumstances of the particular investment will be utilized. Securities that are not publicly traded or for which market prices are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, based on, among other things, the input of the Adviser, the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee and independent valuation firms engaged on the recommendation of the Adviser and at the direction of the Board. These valuation approaches involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the investments or market and the investments complexity. 
 The Company s Board undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter in connection with determining the fair value of the Company s investments for which reliable market quotations are not readily available, or are available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment, which includes, among other procedures, the following: 
 The valuation process begins with each investment being preliminarily valued by the Adviser s valuation team in conjunction with the Adviser s investment professionals responsible for each portfolio investment; 
 In addition, independent valuation firms engaged by the Board prepare quarter-end valuations of such investments except de minimis investments, as determined by the Adviser. The independent valuation firms provide a final range of values on such investments to the Board and the Adviser. The independent valuation firms also provide analyses to support their valuation methodology and calculations; 
 The Adviser s Valuation Committee reviews each valuation recommendation to confirm they have been calculated in accordance with the valuation policy and compares such valuations to the independent valuation firms valuation ranges to ensure the Adviser s valuations are reasonable; 
 The Adviser s Valuation Committee makes valuation recommendations to the Audit Committee; 
 The Audit Committee reviews the valuation recommendations made by the Adviser's Valuation Committee, including the independent valuation firms' quarterly valuations, and once approved, recommends them for approval by the Board; and 
 The Board reviews the valuation recommendations of the Audit Committee and determines the fair value of each investment in the portfolio in good faith based on the input of the Audit Committee, the Adviser's Valuation Committee and, where applicable, the independent valuation firms and other external service providers. 
 Valuation of each of our investments will generally be made as described above as of the end of each fiscal quarter. In cases where the Company determines its net asset value NAV at times other than a quarter end, the Company updates the value of securities with market quotations to the most recent market quotation. For securities without market quotations, non-quarterly valuations will generally be the most recent quarterly valuation unless the Adviser determines that a significant observable change has occurred since the most recent quarter end with respect to the investment (which determination may be 
 116 

as a result of a material event at a portfolio company, material change in market spreads, secondary market transaction in the securities of an investment or otherwise). If the Adviser determines such a change has occurred with respect to one or more investments, the Adviser will determine whether to update the value for each relevant investment using a range of values from an independent valuation firm, where applicable, in accordance with the Company's valuation policy, pursuant to authority delegated by the Board. 
 As part of the valuation process, the Board takes into account relevant factors in determining the fair value of the Company's investments for which reliable market quotations are not readily available, many of which are loans, including and in combination, as relevant, of: (i) the estimated enterprise value of a portfolio company, (ii) the nature and realizable value of any collateral, (iii) the portfolio company s ability to make payments based on its earnings and cash flow, (iv) the markets in which the portfolio company does business, (v) a comparison of the portfolio company s securities to any similar publicly traded securities, and (vi) overall changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made in the future. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity or debt sale occurs, the Board with the assistance of the Adviser, the Audit Committee and Independent valuation firms, considers whether the pricing indicated by the external event corroborates its valuation. 
 The Board has and will continue to engage independent valuation firms to provide assistance regarding the determination of the fair value of the Company s portfolio securities for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of the investment each quarter, and the Board may reasonably rely on that assistance. However, the Board is responsible for the ultimate valuation of the portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to the Company s valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Uncertainty with respect to the economic conditions has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effect of the volatility could materially impact our market risks, including those listed below. We are subject to financial market risks, including valuation risk and interest rate risk. 
 Valuation Risk 
 We have invested, and plan to continue to invest, primarily in illiquid debt and equity securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, based on, among other things, the input of the Adviser, our Audit Committee and independent third-party valuation firms engaged at the direction of the Board, and in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. We intend to fund portions of our investments with borrowings, and at such time, our net investment income will be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. Accordingly, we cannot assure shareholders that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 99.8 of our debt investments at fair value were at floating rates. Based on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022, the following table shows the annualized impact on net income of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates (considering base rate floors and ceilings for floating rate instruments assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure) (dollar amounts in thousands): Interest Income Interest Expense Net Income Up 300 basis points 1,422,191 (728,499) 693,692 Up 200 basis points 948,127 (485,666) 462,462 Up 100 basis points 474,064 (242,833) 231,231 Down 100 basis points (474,064) 242,833 (231,231) Down 200 basis points (947,596) 485,666 (461,931) 
 117 

We may in the future hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using hedging instruments such as additional interest rate swaps, futures, options and forward contracts. While hedging activities may mitigate our exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates, certain hedging transactions that we may enter into in the future, such as interest rate swap agreements, may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of changes in interest rates with respect to our portfolio investments. 
 Inflation 
 Economic activity has continued to accelerate across sectors and regions. Nevertheless, due to global supply chain issues, geopolitical events, a rise in energy prices and strong consumer demand as economies continue to reopen, inflation is showing signs of acceleration in the U.S. and globally. Inflation is likely to continue in the near to medium-term, particularly in the U.S., with the possibility that monetary policy may tighten in response. Persistent inflationary pressures could affect our portfolio companies profit margins. 
 118 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 120 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 122 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 124 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 , December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 125 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 126 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 161 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 186 

119 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Blackstone Private Credit Fund: 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Blackstone Private Credit Fund and its subsidiaries (the "Company"), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, changes in net assets, and the financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, cash flows and the financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair Value Investments Refer to Footnote 2 and 5 in the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company held 39,746,981 thousand of total level 3 investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022, with debt investments representing approximately 98 of this total. For 37,672,875 thousand or 97 of the level 3 debt investments, the fair values were determined by the Adviser using a yield analysis. The significant unobservable input used in the yield analysis is the discount rate based on comparable market yields. 
 120 

We identified the valuation of level 3 debt investments utilizing a yield analysis as a critical audit matter given the significant judgments made by the Adviser to estimate the fair value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive audit effort, including the need to involve fair value specialists who possess significant valuation experience, to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation methodologies and the significant unobservable inputs used to estimate the fair value of debt investments utilizing a yield analysis included the following, among others: 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies used by the Adviser. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of the estimates in the yield analyses through independent analysis and evidence, including the selected yields for debt investments. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the valuation methodologies and related significant assumptions. 
 We evaluated the impact of current market events and conditions on the valuation methodologies and inputs used by the Adviser. 

March 17, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 121 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 ASSETS Investments at fair value Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Non-controlled/affiliated investments (cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Controlled/affiliated investments (cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively) 
 Total investments at fair value (cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (restricted cash of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Interest receivable from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments Dividend receivable from Controlled/affiliated investments Receivable from broker Deferred financing costs Deferred offering costs Receivable for investments sold Subscription receivable Derivative assets at fair value (Note 6) Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Debt (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Payable for investments purchased Management fees payable Income based incentive fee payable Capital gains incentive fee payable Interest payable Derivative liabilities at fair value (Note 6) Due to affiliates Distribution payable (Note 9) Payable for share repurchases (Note 9) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) NET ASSETS Common Shares, par value and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid in capital Distributable earnings (loss) ) Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 122 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Class I Shares: Net assets Common Shares outstanding par value, unlimited shares authorized) 
 Net asset value per share Class S Shares: Net assets Common Shares outstanding par value, unlimited shares authorized) 
 Net asset value per share Class D Shares: Net assets Common Shares outstanding par value, unlimited shares authorized) 
 Net asset value per share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 123 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Investment income: From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: Interest income Payment-in-kind interest income Dividend income Fee income Total investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments From controlled/affiliated investments: Dividend income Total investment income from controlled/affiliated investments Total investment income Expenses: Interest expense Management fees (Note 3) Income based incentive fees (Note 3) Capital gains incentive fees (Note 3) ) Distribution and shareholder servicing fees Class S Class D Professional fees Board of Trustees fees Administrative service expenses (Note 3) Other general administrative Organization costs Amortization of continuous offering costs Total expenses Expense support (Note 3) ) Recoupment of expense support (Note 3) Management fees waived (Note 3) ) Incentive fees waived (Note 3) ) Net expenses Net investment income before excise tax Excise tax expense Net investment income after excise tax Realized and unrealized gain (loss): Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) Controlled/affiliated investments ) Non-controlled/affiliated investments Derivative instruments (Note 6) ) Foreign currency and other transactions ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Realized gain (loss): Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) Derivative instruments (Note 6) ) Forward purchase obligation (Note 8) Syndicated warehouse agreement (Note 8) Foreign currency and other transactions ) Net realized gain (loss) ) Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 124 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Operations: Net investment income after excise tax Net realized gain (loss) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Distributions to common shareholders: Class I ) ) Class S ) ) Class D ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from distributions ) ) Share transactions: Class I: Proceeds from shares sold Share transfers between classes Distributions reinvested Repurchased shares, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase (decrease) from share transactions Class S: Proceeds from shares sold Share transfers between classes ) ) Distributions reinvested Repurchased shares, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase (decrease) from share transactions Class D: Proceeds from shares sold Share transfers between classes ) ) Distributions reinvested Repurchased shares, net of early repurchase deduction ) Net increase (decrease) from share transactions Total increase (decrease) in net assets Net assets, beginning of period Net assets, end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 125 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments ) Net change in unrealized gain/loss on derivative instruments ) Net change in unrealized gain/loss on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currency ) Net realized (gain) loss on investments ) Net realized (gain) loss on forward purchase obligation ) Net realized (gain) loss on syndicated warehouse agreement ) Payment-in-kind interest capitalized ) ) Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount on notes Amortization of offering costs Payment in connection with purchase of Syndicated Warehouse, net of cash received (Note 8) ) Payment in connection with Purchase Agreement transaction, net of cash received (Note 12) ) Purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments and principal repayments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest receivable from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) ) Dividend receivable from Controlled/affiliated investments ) Receivable from broker ) Receivable for investments sold ) ) Other assets ) ) Payable for investments purchased Management fees payable Income based incentive fees payable Capital gains incentive fees payable ) Due to affiliates Interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 126 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on debt Repayments on debt ) ) Deferred financing costs paid ) ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) Deferred offering costs paid ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Common Shares Repurchased shares, net of early repurchase deduction paid ) ) Dividends paid in cash ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental information and non-cash activities: Interest paid during the period Distribution payable Reinvestment of dividends during the period Accrued but unpaid debt financing costs Accrued but unpaid debt issuance costs Accrued but unpaid offering costs Share repurchases accrued but not yet paid Investments contributed in-kind to joint ventures (Note 11) Non-cash assets acquired/liabilities assumed: Syndicated Warehouse (Note 8): Investments Debt ) Other assets/liabilities, net ) Twin Peaks Acquisition (Note 12): Investments Debt ) Other assets/liabilities, net 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 127 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated First Lien Debt Aerospace Defense Amentum Government Services Holdings, LLC (8) L + 1/29/2027 Amentum Government Services Holdings, LLC (9) SOFR + 2/15/2029 Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. (7)(10) L + 5/25/2028 Corfin Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 2/5/2026 Corfin Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 2/5/2026 Linquest Corp. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 7/28/2028 Loar Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 10/2/2024 Loar Group, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/29/2023 MAG DS Corp. (4)(11) L + 4/1/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 6/1/2027 Peraton Corp. (10) L + 2/1/2028 Vertex Aerospace Services Corp. (10) L + 12/6/2028 West Star Aviation Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 3/1/2028 Air Freight Logistics AGI-CFI Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 6/11/2027 Alliance Ground (4)(10) SOFR + 6/11/2027 ENV Bidco AB (4)(6)(10) SOFR + 7/19/2029 ENV Bidco AB (4)(6)(7)(8) E + 7/19/2029 EUR Livingston International, Inc. (4)(6)(10) L + 4/30/2027 Mode Purchaser, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 12/9/2026 Mode Purchaser, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 2/5/2029 Redwood Services Group, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/15/2029 RoadOne Inc (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 12/30/2028 RWL Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/31/2028 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(6)(11) E + 12/30/2026 EUR SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 12/30/2026 The Kenan Advantage Group, Inc. (10) L + 3/24/2026 Wwex Uni Topco Holdings, LLC (10) L + 7/26/2028 Airlines Air Canada (6)(10) L + 8/11/2028 United Airlines, Inc. (6)(10) L + 4/21/2028 
 128 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Auto Components Metis Buyer, Inc. (5)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/4/2028 Beverages Naked Juice, LLC (9) SOFR + 1/24/2029 Triton Water Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/31/2028 Building Products Camelot Return Merger SU (6)(8) 8/1/2028 Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. (6)(9) SOFR + 8/1/2028 Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. (6)(9) L + 4/12/2028 CP Atlas Buyer, Inc. (9) L + 11/23/2027 Engineered Stone Group Holdings III Ltd. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/23/2028 Engineered Stone Group Holdings III Ltd. (4)(6)(8) E + 4/23/2028 EUR Fencing Supply Group Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 2/26/2027 Great Day Improvements, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/29/2027 Jacuzzi Brands, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 4/21/2030 Jacuzzi Brands, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 2/25/2025 Kodiak BP, LLC (10) L + 3/12/2028 L S Mechanical Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 9/1/2027 Lindstrom, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 4/7/2025 Mi Windows and Doors, LLC (9) SOFR + 12/18/2027 New Arclin US Holding Corp. (6)(7)(9) L + 10/2/2028 The Chamberlain Group, Inc. (9) L + 11/3/2029 Windows Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Capital Markets Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 7/31/2026 AllSpring Buyer, LLC (6)(9) L + 11/1/2028 Resolute Investment Managers, Inc. (11) L + 4/30/2024 Situs-AMC Holdings Corporation (4)(11) SOFR + 12/22/2027 Superannuation And Investments US, LLC (6)(9) L + 12/1/2028 The Edelman Financial Engines Center, LLC (10) L + 4/7/2028 Chemicals DCG Acquisition Corp. (8) SOFR + 9/30/2026 Dominion Colour Corporation (4)(6)(11)(17) L + 4/6/2024 Geon Performance Solutions, LLC (10) L + 8/18/2028 
 129 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Chemicals (continued) Hyperion Materials Technologies, Inc. (9) L + 8/30/2028 LSF11 Skyscraper Holdco S. r.l, LLC (4)(6)(10) L + 9/29/2027 NIC Acquisition Corp. (10) L + 12/29/2027 Olympus Water US Holding Corp. (9) L + 11/9/2028 Oxea Corporation (6)(8) L + 10/14/2024 WR Grace Holdings, LLC (6)(9) L + 9/22/2028 Commercial Services Supplies Access CIG, LLC (8) L + 2/27/2025 Allied Universal Holdco, LLC (9) SOFR + 5/12/2028 Anticimex, Inc. (6)(9) L + 11/16/2028 APX Group, Inc. (6)(11) L + 7/10/2028 Bazaarvoice, Inc. (4)(7)(8) SOFR + 5/7/2028 Belfor Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 4/6/2026 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. (10) SOFR + 3/31/2028 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. (10) SOFR + 3/31/2028 Divisions Holding Corp. (10) L + 5/27/2028 EAB Global, Inc. (9) L + 8/16/2028 eResearchTechnology, Inc. (11) L + 2/4/2027 Foundational Education Group, Inc. (4)(9) SOFR + 8/31/2028 Garda World Security Corp. (6)(8) L + 10/30/2026 Garda World Security Corp. (6)(8) SOFR + 2/1/2029 Genuine Financial Holdings, LLC (8) L + 7/11/2025 Java Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/15/2027 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 12/27/2028 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 12/27/2028 Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/10/2027 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/19/2028 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/19/2028 MaxGen Energy Services Corporation (4)(11) L + 6/2/2027 Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/1/2027 PECF USS Intermediate Holding III Corp. (9) L + 12/15/2028 Polyphase Elevator Holding Co. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 6/3/2027 Recycle Resource US, LLC (6)(9) L + 7/14/2028 Revspring, Inc. (8) L + 10/11/2025 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(5)(12) SOFR + 1/16/2026 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(5)(12) L + 1/15/2026 
 130 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Commercial Services Supplies (continued) The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(5)(12) SOFR + 1/15/2026 TRC Companies, Inc (fka Bolt Infrastructure Merger Sub, Inc) (9) L + 12/8/2028 USIC Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 5/12/2028 Vaco Holdings, LLC (10) SOFR + 1/21/2029 Veregy Consolidated, Inc. (4)(11) L + 11/2/2027 Construction Engineering Aegion Corporation (10) L + 5/17/2028 ASP Endeavor Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(9) L + 5/3/2027 Brookfield WEC Holdings, Inc. (9) SOFR + 8/1/2025 COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 12/31/2027 Peak Utility Services Group, Inc. (4)(11) L + 3/2/2028 Refficiency Holdings, LLC (10) L + 12/16/2027 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/31/2028 Tutor Perini Corp. (6)(11) L + 8/18/2027 Construction Materials White Cap Buyer, LLC (9) SOFR + 10/19/2027 Containers Packaging Ascend Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/2/2028 Berlin Packaging, LLC (9) L + 3/11/2028 Charter NEX US, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Graham Packaging Co, Inc. (10) L + 8/4/2027 LABL, Inc. (9) L + 10/29/2028 MAR Bidco Sarl (6)(9) L + 7/6/2028 Novolex, Inc. (9) SOFR + 4/13/2029 Pretium PKG Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 10/2/2028 ProAmpac PG Borrower, LLC (10) L + 11/3/2025 TricorBraun Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/3/2028 Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. (7)(9) L + 9/15/2028 Distributors BP Purchaser, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/10/2028 Bution Holdco 2, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/17/2025 Dana Kepner Company, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2026 Dana Kepner Company, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2027 Genuine Cable Group, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 11/2/2026 
 131 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Distributors (continued) Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/23/2028 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(10) SOFR + 6/23/2028 NDC Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/9/2027 Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation (4)(11) L + 11/13/2024 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 6/30/2025 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) L + 12/18/2027 Diversified Consumer Services Ascend Learning, LLC (9) L + 12/11/2028 Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/20/2028 Colibri Group, LLC (10) SOFR + 3/12/2029 Dreambox Learning Holding, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 12/1/2027 EM Bidco Limited (6)(9) SOFR + 7/6/2029 Go Car Wash Management Corp. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 12/31/2026 Go Car Wash Management Corp. (4)(14) SOFR + 12/31/2026 KUEHG Corp. (11) L + 2/21/2025 Learning Care Group (11) L + 3/13/2025 Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. (9) L + 12/15/2028 Rinchem Company, LLC (4)(9) SOFR + 3/2/2029 Sunshine Cadence Holdco, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 3/23/2027 Sunshine Cadence Holdco, LLC (8) L + 3/23/2027 TruGreen Limited Partnership (10) L + 11/2/2027 University Support Services, LLC (9) L + 2/10/2029 Weld North Education, LLC (9) L + 12/21/2027 Diversified Financial Services Barbri Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 4/28/2028 Comet Acquisition, Inc. (4)(9) SOFR + 10/24/2025 Lereta, LLC (10) L + 7/30/2028 Mitchell International, Inc. (9) L + 10/15/2028 Polaris Newco, LLC (9) L + 6/2/2028 Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (6)(11) L + 9/3/2026 Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (6)(8) L + 9/3/2026 SelectQuote, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + (incl. PIK) 
 11/5/2024 
 132 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Diversified Telecommunication Services Numericable US, LLC (6)(8) L + 1/31/2026 Numericable US, LLC (6)(8) L + 8/14/2026 Numericable US, LLC (6)(8) L + 7/31/2025 Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 10/1/2028 Zacapa, LLC (6)(9) SOFR + 3/22/2029 Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (9) SOFR + 3/9/2027 Electric Utilities Qualus Power Services Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/26/2027 Electrical Equipment Emergency Power Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 8/17/2028 Madison IAQ, LLC (9) L + 6/21/2028 Relay Purchaser, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/30/2028 Shoals Holdings, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 11/25/2026 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Albireo Energy, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 12/23/2026 CPI Intermediate Holdings Inc (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/8/2029 Infinite Bidco, LLC (9) L + 3/2/2028 Ingram Micro, Inc. (9) L + 6/30/2028 Jupiter Bidco Limited (4)(6)(10) SOFR + 8/27/2029 Jupiter Bidco Limited (4)(6)(7)(9) E + 8/27/2029 EUR LTI Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 9/6/2025 Presidio, Inc. (8) SOFR + 1/22/2027 
 133 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Energy Equipment Services Abaco Energy Technologies, LLC (4)(13) L + 10/4/2024 EnergySolutions, LLC (11) L + 5/9/2025 ISQ Hawkeye Holdco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/17/2029 Tetra Technologies, Inc. (4)(6)(11) L + 9/10/2025 Entertainment CE Intermediate I, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/10/2028 Recorded Books, Inc. (8) SOFR + 8/29/2025 Food Products Quantum Bidco, Ltd. (6)(8) S + 1/29/2028 GBP Snacking Investments US, LLC (6)(11) L + 12/18/2026 Health Care Equipment Supplies Advancing Eyecare Center, Inc. (4)(7)(9) SOFR + 6/13/2029 Auris Luxembourg III Sarl (6)(8) L + 2/27/2026 CPI Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/1/2028 Egrotron Acquisition, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 7/6/2028 GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/13/2028 Mozart Borrower LP (7)(9) L + 10/23/2028 Natus Medical Incorporated (4)(7)(9) SOFR + 7/20/2029 Resonetics, LLC (10) L + 4/28/2028 Sunshine Luxembourg VII S. r.l, LLC (6)(10) L + 10/1/2026 TecoStar Holdings, Inc. (11) L + 5/1/2024 Health Care Providers Services 123Dentist, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) C + 8/10/2029 CAD ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/2/2028 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/7/2027 ADMI Corp. (9) L + 12/23/2027 Amerivet Partners Management, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/25/2028 AMGH Holding Corp. (11) L + 3/14/2025 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(7)(11) C + 4/14/2028 CAD Caramel Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) S + 2/24/2029 GBP Caramel Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) SOFR + 2/24/2024 GBP CCBlue Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 12/21/2028 
 134 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Health Care Providers Services (continued) CHG Healthcare Services, Inc. (9) L + 9/29/2028 Covenant Surgical Partners, Inc. (8) L + 7/1/2026 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (4)(10) L + 6/8/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/3/2028 Epoch Acquisition, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 10/4/2024 Global Medical Response, Inc. (11) L + 10/2/2025 Gordian Medical, Inc. (4)(10) L + 1/31/2027 Heartland Dental, LLC (8) L + 4/30/2025 Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 10/15/2026 LifePoint Health, Inc. (8) L + 11/16/2025 Medical Knowledge Group, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 2/1/2029 Medical Knowledge Group, LLC (4)(10) L + 2/1/2029 Midwest Physician Administrative Services, LLC (10) L + 3/12/2028 National Mentor Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 3/2/2028 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. (4)(7)(9) L + (incl. PIK) 
 7/16/2027 NMSC Holdings, Inc. (10) SOFR + 2/23/2029 Odyssey Holding Company, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/16/2025 Onex TSG Intermediate Corp. (6)(10) L + 2/28/2028 Pathway Vet Alliance, LLC (8) L + 3/31/2027 Pediatric Associates Holding Co., LLC (7)(9) L + 12/29/2028 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (10) L + 2/14/2025 Phoenix Guarantor, Inc. (6)(8) L + 3/5/2026 Plasma Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/12/2029 PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/31/2029 PSKW Intermediate, LLC (4)(11) L + 3/9/2026 Radnet, Inc. (6)(10) L + 4/21/2028 Reverb Buyer, Inc. (9) L + 11/1/2028 Smile Doctors, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/21/2028 Snoopy Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/1/2028 SpecialtyCare, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 6/18/2028 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 1/2/2029 Surgery Centers Holdings, Inc. (6)(10) L + 8/31/2026 The Fertility Partners, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(10) L + 3/16/2028 The Fertility Partners, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(7)(10) C + 3/16/2028 CAD The GI Alliance Management, LLC (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 9/15/2028 TTF Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 3/31/2028 
 135 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Health Care Providers Services (continued) U.S. Anesthesia Partners, Inc. (9) L + 10/1/2028 Unified Physician Management, LLC (4)(7)(9) SOFR + 6/18/2029 United Mutual Acquisition Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 7/15/2028 US Acute Care Solutions (5)(8) 3/1/2026 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC (4)(10) L + 11/18/2027 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 11/18/2023 Veonet GmbH (6)(8) S + 3/14/2029 GBP WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 6/22/2028 Health Care Technology athenahealth, Inc. (7)(9) SOFR + 2/15/2029 Caerus US 1, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/25/2029 Caerus US 1, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/25/2029 Color Intermediate LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 10/4/2029 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(10) L + 9/21/2026 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/21/2026 Ensemble RCM, LLC (4)(9) SOFR + 8/3/2026 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/29/2028 Imprivata, Inc. (9) L + 12/1/2027 Netsmart Technologies, Inc. (10) L + 10/1/2027 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 3/1/2028 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. (10) L + 3/10/2028 RPBLS Midco, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 4/1/2028 Verscend Holding Corp. (8) L + 8/27/2025 Waystar Technologies, Inc. (8) L + 10/22/2026 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Alterra Mountain Company (9) L + 8/17/2028 CEC Entertainment, Inc. (5)(8) 5/1/2026 Century Casinos, Inc. (6)(10) SOFR + 4/2/2029 Fertitta Entertainment, LLC (9) SOFR + 1/27/2029 Flynn Restaurant Group LP (9) L + 12/1/2028 IRB Holding Corp. (10) SOFR + 12/15/2027 Mic Glen, LLC (9) L + 7/21/2028 Scientific Games Holdings LP (9) SOFR + 4/4/2029 Tacala Investment Corp. (10) L + 2/5/2027 
 136 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Hotels, Restaurants Leisure (continued) Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (6)(9) L + 10/2/2028 Household Durables AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. (6)(7)(9) SOFR + 7/31/2028 Hunter Douglas, Inc. (6)(9) SOFR + 2/26/2029 Instant Brands Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 4/12/2028 Industrial Conglomerates Bettcher Industries, Inc. (9) SOFR + 12/14/2028 CEP V Investment 11 Sarl (4)(6)(7)(10) S + 2/11/2028 CHF Engineered Machinery Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 5/19/2028 Excelitas Technologies Corp. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/13/2029 Excelitas Technologies Corp. (4)(8) E + 8/13/2029 EUR FCG Acquisitions, Inc. (9) L + 3/31/2028 SPX Flow, Inc. (9) SOFR + 4/5/2029 Vertical US Newco, Inc. (6)(9) L + 7/30/2027 Victory Buyer, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/19/2028 Insurance Acrisure LLC (8) L + 2/15/2027 Acrisure LLC (9) L + 2/15/2027 Acrisure LLC (9) L + 2/15/2027 Alera Group, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 10/2/2028 Alliant Holdings Intermediate, LLC (9) L + 11/5/2027 Amerilife Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/31/2029 AssuredPartners, Inc. (9) L + 2/12/2027 AssuredPartners, Inc. (9) SOFR + 2/12/2027 Baldwin Risk Partners, LLC (6)(9) L + 10/14/2027 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + (incl. PIK) 
 8/12/2027 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. (4)(7)(8) SOFR + (incl. PIK) 
 8/12/2027 BroadStreet Partners, Inc. (8) L + 1/27/2027 CFC Underwriting, Ltd.(4)(6)(7)(8) SOFR + 5/16/2029 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/29/2028 Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/30/2028 High Street Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 4/14/2028 
 137 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Insurance (continued) Howden Group Holdings Limited (6)(10) L + 11/12/2027 HUB International Limited (10) L + 4/25/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 8/27/2025 Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (5)(6)(10) C + 3/27/2028 CAD Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (5)(6)(10) C + 3/27/2028 CAD Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (5)(6)(8) C + 3/17/2028 CAD NFP Corp. (8) L + 2/15/2027 PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 10/16/2028 Riser Merger Sub, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/1/2028 Riser Merger Sub, Inc. (4)(6)(10) S + 8/1/2028 GBP RSC Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + 10/30/2026 RSC Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 10/30/2026 SG Acquisition, Inc. (4)(9) L + 1/27/2027 Shelf Bidco Ltd (6)(10) SOFR + 1/3/2030 Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) S + 7/9/2028 GBP Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) S + 7/9/2028 GBP Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/9/2028 Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Interactive Media Services Ancestry.com Operations, Inc (9) L + 12/6/2027 Cengage Learning, Inc. (11) L + 7/14/2026 MH Sub I, LLC (11) L + 9/13/2024 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (9) L + 5/30/2026 Red Planet Borrower, LLC (9) L + 10/2/2028 SurveyMonkey, Inc. (6)(8) L + 10/10/2025 
 138 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Internet Direct Marketing Retail Donuts, Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2026 Hoya Midco, LLC (6)(9) SOFR + 2/3/2029 Prodege International Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/15/2027 Wireless Vision, LLC (4)(11) L + 12/30/2025 IT Services Ahead DB Holdings, LLC (5)(10) L + 10/18/2027 AI Altius Bidco, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 12/13/2028 AI Altius Bidco, Inc. (4)(5)(8) PIK 
 PIK 12/29/2029 BCP V Everise Acquisition, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 5/3/2027 Dcert Buyer, Inc. (8) SOFR + 10/16/2026 Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 2/10/2028 Infostretch Corporation (4)(10) SOFR + 4/1/2028 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 11/24/2028 Monterey Financing, S.A.R.L (4)(6)(7)(8) E + 9/28/2029 EUR Monterey Financing, S.A.R.L (4)(6)(8) CI + 9/28/2029 DKK Monterey Financing, S.A.R.L (4)(6)(8) ST + 9/28/2029 SEK Monterey Financing, S.A.R.L (4)(6)(9) N + 9/28/2029 NOK Park Place Technologies, LLC (11) SOFR + 11/10/2027 Razor Holdco, LLC (4)(10) L + 10/25/2027 Red River Technology, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Sabre GLBL, Inc. (6)(9) SOFR + 6/30/2028 Sabre GLBL, Inc. (6)(9) L + 12/17/2027 TierPoint, LLC (10) L + 5/5/2026 Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(8) E + (incl. PIK) 
 8/3/2028 EUR Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) E + 8/3/2028 EUR Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Virtusa Corp. (10) L + 2/11/2028 Virtusa Corp. (10) L + 2/15/2029 
 139 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Leisure Products Lew's Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 2/11/2028 Lucky Bucks, LLC (10) L + 7/30/2027 Motion Finco, LLC (6)(8) L + 11/12/2026 Recess Holdings, Inc. (11) L + 9/30/2024 Life Sciences Tools Services Cambrex Corp. (10) SOFR + 12/4/2026 Curia Global, Inc. (10) L + 8/30/2026 LSCS Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 12/16/2028 Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC (6)(9) SOFR + 10/19/2027 Packaging Coordinators Midco, Inc. (10) L + 11/30/2027 
 140 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Machinery Apex Tool Group, LLC (9) SOFR + 2/8/2029 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) SOFR + 7/21/2027 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(11) SOFR + 12/9/2025 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 4/7/2024 Pro Mach Group, Inc. (11) L + 8/31/2028 Titan Acquisition Ltd. (6)(8) L + 3/28/2025 Marine Armada Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2027 Media Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (6)(8) L + 8/21/2026 Digital Media Solutions, LLC (4)(6)(10) L + 5/25/2026 McGraw-Hill Education, Inc. (9) L + 7/28/2028 Radiate Holdco, LLC (10) L + 9/25/2026 Terrier Media Buyer, Inc. (8) L + 12/17/2026 Trader Corp. (4)(6)(7)(10) C + 12/22/2029 CAD Univision Communications, Inc. (10) L + 3/15/2026 Metals Mining American Rock Salt Company, LLC (10) L + 6/9/2028 SCIH Salt Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 3/16/2027 Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels Eagle Midstream Canada Finance, Inc. (4)(6)(10) SOFR + 8/15/2028 Freeport LNG Investments, LLLP (9) L + 12/21/2028 KKR Alberta Midsteam Finance Inc. (4)(6)(10) SOFR + 8/15/2028 Paper Forest Products Profile Products, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/12/2027 Profile Products, LLC (4)(10) C + 11/12/2027 Pharmaceuticals Doc Generici (Diocle S.p.A.) (4)(6)(7)(8) E + 10/27/2028 EUR Padagis, LLC (6)(9) L + 7/6/2028 Rhea Parent, Inc. (4)(5)(10) SOFR + 2/18/2029 Sharp Midco, LLC (4)(9) L + 12/31/2028 
 141 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Professional Services ALKU, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 3/1/2028 ALKU, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 3/1/2028 APFS Staffing Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(9) SOFR + 12/29/2028 Aqgen Island Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 8/2/2028 Armor Holdco, Inc. (6)(9) SOFR + 12/11/2028 BPPH2 Limited (4)(5)(6)(8) S + 3/2/2028 GBP CFGI Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/2/2027 Chronicle Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 5/18/2029 Chronicle Bidco, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 5/18/2029 Claims Automation Intermediate 2, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/16/2027 Clearview Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 8/26/2027 CoreLogic, Inc. (9) L + 6/2/2028 Cumming Group, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 11/16/2027 Cumming Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Deerfield Dakota Holding, LLC (11) SOFR + 4/9/2027 Eliassen Group, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/14/2028 Emerald US, Inc. (6)(8) L + 7/12/2028 Galaxy US Opco, Inc. (6)(9) SOFR + 4/29/2029 Guidehouse, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + 10/16/2028 Guidehouse, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + 10/16/2028 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) SOFR + 8/17/2027 IG Investments Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 9/22/2028 Inmar, Inc. (11) L + 5/1/2024 Kaufman Hall Associates, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/14/2028 Legacy Intermediate, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/25/2028 Mantech International CP (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 9/14/2029 Material Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/19/2027 Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. (8) SOFR + 3/27/2026 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Co. (8) SOFR + 5/23/2025 Petrus Buyer Inc (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/17/2029 Polyconcept Investments B.V. (10) SOFR + 5/18/2029 Sherlock Buyer Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/8/2028 Thevelia US, LLC (5)(6)(9) SOFR + 6/18/2029 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/29/2027 Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/21/2028 Victors CCC Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/1/2029 VT Topco, Inc. (7)(10) L + 8/1/2025 
 142 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Professional Services (continued) West Monroe Partners, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/8/2028 Real Estate Management Development McCarthy Stone PLC (4)(5)(6)(8) 12/16/2025 GBP Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/16/2028 Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 7/25/2029 Road Rail Gruden Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 7/1/2028 Software 2U, Inc. (6)(10) L + 12/30/2024 Anaplan, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/21/2029 Apex Group Treasury, LLC (6)(9) L + 7/27/2028 Apttus Corp. (10) L + 5/8/2028 Armstrong Bidco Limited (4)(6)(7)(8) S + 6/28/2029 GBP Armstrong Bidco Limited (4)(6)(8) S + 6/28/2029 GBP Avalara Inc (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 10/19/2028 AxiomSL Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/3/2027 Barracuda Networks, Inc. (9) SOFR + 8/15/2029 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/2/2029 BlueCat Networks USA, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/8/2028 Boxer Parent Company, Inc. (8) L + 10/2/2025 Cloudera, Inc. (9) L + 10/8/2028 Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/24/2028 Confine Visual Bidco (4)(6)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/23/2029 Connatix Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 7/14/2027 ConnectWise, LLC (9) L + 9/29/2028 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (9) L + 10/16/2028 Delta Topco, Inc. (10) SOFR + 12/1/2027 Diligent Corporation (4)(11) L + 8/4/2025 Discovery Education, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/9/2029 DTI Holdco, Inc. (7)(10) SOFR + 4/26/2029 ECI Macola Max Holding, LLC (6)(10) L + 11/9/2027 Epicor Software Corp. (10) L + 7/30/2027 Episerver, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 4/9/2026 Experity, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 2/24/2028 Forterro UK Ltd. (4)(6)(7)(8) E + 7/9/2029 EUR 
 143 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Software (continued) Forterro UK Ltd. (4)(6)(8) L + 7/9/2029 CHF Forterro UK Ltd. (4)(6)(8) ST + 7/9/2029 SEK GI Consilio Parent, LLC (7)(9) L + 5/12/2028 Gigamon Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 3/9/2029 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 GraphPAD Software, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 4/27/2027 Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC (10) L + 12/1/2027 HS Purchaser, LLC (10) SOFR + 11/19/2026 Hyland Software, Inc. (10) L + 7/1/2024 Idera, Inc. (10) L + 3/2/2028 Imperva, Inc. (11) L + 1/12/2026 ION Trading Finance Ltd. (6)(8) L + 4/3/2028 Ivanti Software, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Ivanti Software, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Kaseya, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 6/25/2029 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 2/8/2026 Lightbox Intermediate, LP (4)(8) L + 5/9/2026 Magnesium BorrowerCo, Inc. (4)(10) S + 5/18/2029 GBP Magnesium BorrowerCo, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/18/2029 Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(9) L + 7/31/2028 Medallia, Inc. (4)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 10/29/2028 Mitnick Purchaser, Inc. (9) SOFR + 5/2/2029 Mitratech Holdings, Inc. (5)(10) L + 5/18/2028 Monk Holding Co. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2027 MRI Software, LLC (5)(7)(11) L + 2/10/2026 Neogames Connect SARL (4)(6)(8) E + 5/30/2028 EUR Nintex Topco Limited (4)(6)(10) L + 11/13/2028 NortonLifeLock, Inc. (6)(9) SOFR + 9/12/2029 Onex AP Merger Sub, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/4/2028 Paya Holdings III, LLC (4)(5)(6)(7)(10) L + 6/25/2028 Perforce Software, Inc. (8) L + 7/1/2026 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. (8) L + 4/26/2024 Project Leopard Holdings, Inc. (7)(9) SOFR + 7/20/2029 Proofpoint, Inc. (5)(9) L + 8/31/2028 Quest Software US Holdings, Inc. (6)(9) SOFR + 2/1/2029 Rally Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 7/19/2028 
 144 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Software (continued) RealPage, Inc. (9) L + 4/24/2028 Relativity ODA, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + (incl. PIK) 
 5/12/2027 Rocket Software, Inc. (8) L + 11/28/2025 Rocket Software, Inc. (9) L + 11/28/2025 S2P Acquisition Borrower, Inc. (6)(8) SOFR + 8/14/2026 Sailpoint Technologies, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 8/16/2029 Sophia, LP (9) L + 10/7/2027 Sovos Compliance, LLC (9) L + 8/11/2028 Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(5)(11) E + 3/11/2027 EUR Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 3/11/2027 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 Surf Holdings, LLC (6)(8) L + 3/5/2027 Symphony Technology Group (5)(6)(10) L + 7/27/2028 Symphony Technology Group (5)(6)(9) SOFR + 3/1/2029 Tegra118 Wealth Solutions, Inc. (8) SOFR + 2/18/2027 The NPD Group L.P. (4)(10) SOFR + (incl. PIK) 
 12/1/2028 The NPD Group L.P. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (9) L + 5/4/2026 Triple Lift, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/5/2028 Virgin Pulse, Inc. (10) L + 4/6/2028 Vision Solutions, Inc. (10) L + 4/24/2028 Zendesk Inc (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 11/22/2028 Specialty Retail CustomInk, LLC (4)(11) L + 5/3/2026 EG America, LLC (6)(9) L + 3/31/2026 EG Dutch Finco BV (6)(8) L + 2/7/2025 Petco Health and Wellness Comp (10) SOFR + 3/3/2028 Runner Buyer, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/20/2028 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Lytx, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 2/28/2026 
 145 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Mad Engine Global, LLC (11) L + 7/15/2027 S S Holdings, LLC (9) L + 3/11/2028 Trading Companies Distributors Foundation Building Materials, Inc. (9) L + 1/31/2028 Icebox Holdco III, Inc. (9) L + 12/22/2028 LBM Acquisition, LLC (10) L + 12/17/2027 Park River Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 12/28/2027 Porcelain Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 4/1/2027 Specialty Building Products Holdings, LLC (9) L + 10/15/2028 SRS Distribution, Inc. (9) SOFR + 6/2/2028 The Cook Boardman Group, LLC (11) SOFR + 10/17/2025 Transportation Infrastructure AIT Worldwide Logistics Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 4/6/2028 Capstone Logistics, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/12/2027 Enstructure LLC (4)(7)(9) SOFR + 5/25/2029 FFML Holdco Ltd (4)(6)(8) B + 11/30/2028 NZD 
 First Student Bidco, Inc. (9) L + 7/21/2028 Frontline Road Safety, LLC (4)(10) L + 5/3/2027 Helix TS, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 8/4/2027 Italian Motorway Holdings S. .r.l (4)(6)(8) E + 4/28/2029 EUR Liquid Tech Solutions Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 3/20/2028 Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 10/19/2027 Safety Borrower Holdings LP (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 9/1/2027 Sam Holding Co, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 9/24/2027 TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 7/9/2027 Wireless Telecommunication Services CCI Buyer, Inc. (10) SOFR + 12/17/2027 Total First Lien Debt 
 146 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Second Lien Debt Aerospace Defense Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. (4)(5)(10) L + 5/25/2029 Peraton Corp. (10) L + 2/1/2029 Air Freight Logistics The Kenan Advantage Group, Inc. (10) L + 9/1/2027 Wwex Uni Topco Holdings, LLC (10) L + 7/26/2029 Capital Markets The Edelman Financial Engines Center, LLC (8) L + 7/20/2026 Chemicals Hexion Holdings Corp. (4)(9) SOFR + 3/15/2030 NIC Acquisition Corp. (4)(10) L + 12/29/2028 Pearls Netherlands Bidco (4)(6)(9) SOFR + 2/25/2030 Commercial Services Supplies DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc.(10) SOFR + 3/30/2029 USIC Holdings, Inc. (5)(10) L + 5/14/2029 Construction Engineering COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 12/29/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/31/2029 Diversified Consumer Services Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. (9) L + 12/14/2029 Health Care Equipment Supplies Confluent Medical Technologies, Inc. (4)(5)(9) SOFR + 2/16/2030 Health Care Providers Services Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) 4/15/2029 CAD CD R Artemis UK Bidco Ltd. (4)(6)(8) S + 8/19/2029 GBP CD R Artemis UK Bidco Ltd. (4)(6)(9) L + 8/19/2029 Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2027 Health Care Technology Imprivata, Inc.(4)(9) SOFR + 12/1/2028 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Mic Glen, LLC (9) L + 7/30/2029 
 147 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Second Lien Debt (continued) Industrial Conglomerates Victory Buyer, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/1/2029 IT Services Dcert Buyer, Inc. (8) L + 2/19/2029 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 11/24/2033 Life Sciences Tools Services Curia Global, Inc. (4)(10) L + 8/31/2029 LSCS Holdings, Inc. (4)(9) L + 12/17/2029 Phoenix Newco, Inc. (4)(6)(9) L + 11/15/2029 Media Houghton Mifflin, LLC (4)(7)(9) SOFR + 4/8/2030 Pharmaceuticals Sharp Midco, LLC (4)(5)(9) L + 12/31/2029 Professional Services Aqgen Island Holdings, Inc. (5)(6)(9) L + 8/2/2029 Celestial Saturn Parent, Inc. (9) L + 6/4/2029 Deerfield Dakota Holding, LLC (10) L + 4/7/2028 Thevelia US, LLC (4)(6)(9) SOFR + 6/17/2030 VT Topco, Inc. (4)(10) L + 7/31/2026 Software Apex Group Treasury, LLC (4)(6)(9) L + 7/27/2029 Cloudera, Inc. (9) L + 10/8/2029 HS Purchaser, LLC (10) SOFR + 11/19/2027 Human Security, Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 7/22/2027 Idera, Inc. (4)(10) L + 3/2/2029 Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(9) L + 7/30/2029 Mitratech Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 5/18/2029 Proofpoint, Inc. (5)(9) L + 8/31/2029 Symphony Technology Group (6)(10) L + 7/27/2029 Virgin Pulse, Inc. (4)(10) L + 4/6/2029 Vision Solutions, Inc. (5)(10) L + 4/23/2029 
 148 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Second Lien Debt (continued) Trading Companies Distributors Icebox Holdco III, Inc. (4)(9) L + 12/21/2029 Total Second Lien Debt 
 149 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Structured Finance Obligations 522 Funding CLO 2020-6, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/23/2034 AIMCO CLO Series 2015-A (5)(6)(8) L + 10/17/2034 Allegro CLO XI Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/19/2033 Apidos CLO XXXVI (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/20/2034 Apidos CLO XXXIII (5)(6)(8) L + 10/24/2034 Ares LXII CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/25/2034 Ares LXI CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Ares XXVII CLO, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/28/2034 Balboa Bay Loan Funding 2021-2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/20/2035 Barings CLO Ltd 2021-II (4)(6)(5)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Barings CLO Ltd 2021-III (4)(6)(5)(8) L + 1/18/2035 Benefit Street Partners CLO XX (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Benefit Street Partners LLC BSP 2020-21A (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2034 BlueMountain CLO XXIX Ltd (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/25/2034 Broad River Ltd 2020-1 (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/20/2034 Carlyle US CLO 2020-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/20/2034 Carval CLO VI-C, LTD. (4)(5)(6)(8) SOFR + 4/21/2034 Carval CLO V-C, LTD. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2034 CIFC Funding 2019-III, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/16/2034 CIFC Funding 2022-V, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/16/2033 Dryden 95 CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/20/2034 Eaton Vance CLO 2019-1 Ltd (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/15/2031 Elmwood CLO 16, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/20/2034 Elmwood CLO III, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Elmwood CLO VI, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Flatiron RR CLO 22, LLC (5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2034 Fort Washington CLO 2021-2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Galaxy XXV CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/25/2031 Galaxy 30 CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/15/2035 Goldentree Loan Management US Clo 8 Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Goldentree Loan Management US Clo 12 Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) SOFR + 4/20/2034 Gulf Stream Meridian GSM 2021-IIIA, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/15/2034 Gulf Stream Meridian 5, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Gulf Stream Meridian 7, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) SOFR + 7/15/2035 Halseypoint Clo 5, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/30/2035 HPS Loan Management 15-2019 Ltd (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/22/2035 Jamestown CLO XIV, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 
 150 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Structured Finance Obligations (continued) Kayne CLO III, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/15/2032 Magnetite XXXII Ltd (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/15/2035 Morgan Stanley Eaton Vance Clo 2021-1, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Neuberger Berman Loan Advisers CLO 38, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2035 Onex Credit Partners OCP 2020-19A (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 OCP CLO 2021-22, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 12/2/2034 Octagon 55, Ltd (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/20/2034 Octagon 66, Ltd (4)(5)(6)(8) SOFR + 8/16/2033 Octagon Investment Partners 41, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2033 Palmer Square CLO 2015-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 5/21/2034 Palmer Square CLO 2022-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/20/2035 Palmer Square CLO 2019-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 11/14/2034 Park Avenue Institutional Advisers CLO Ltd 2022-1 (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/20/2035 Post CLO 2021-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2034 Post CLO 2022-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/20/2035 PPM CLO 2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/16/2032 PPM CLO 4, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/18/2034 PPM CLO 5, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/18/2034 Rad CLO 14, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/15/2035 Rockford Tower CLO 2021-3, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 RR 19, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2035 RR 20, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2037 Signal Peak 7, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/30/2032 Sound Point CLO XXVII, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/25/2034 Symphony CLO 34-PS, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) SOFR + 7/24/2034 Trestles Clo IV, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/21/2034 Vibrant CLO XII, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/20/2034 Vibrant CLO XIII, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Voya CLO 2019-4, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/15/2035 Voya CLO 2020-2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/19/2034 Total Structured Finance Obligations Unsecured Debt Health Care Technology Athenahealth, Inc. (8) 2/15/2030 Software Condor Merger Sub, Inc. (6)(8) 2/15/2030 Total Unsecured Debt 
 151 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Equity Aerospace Defense Loar Acquisition 13, LLC - Common Units (4) Micross Topco, Inc. (4) Air Freight Logistics AGI Group Holdings LP - A2 Units (4) Mode Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Common Units (4) Distributors Box Co-Invest Blocker, LLC (4) Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Holdings, LLC - Senior Preferred Interests (4) Deneb Ultimate Topco, LLC - Class A Units (4) Equity (continued) Diversified Telecommunication Services Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class A Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class B Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class Additional A Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class Additional B Units (4) Health Care Equipment Supplies GCX Corporation Group Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Units (4) Health Care Providers Services AVE Holdings I Corp. (4) CD R Artemis Holdco 2 Limited - Preferred Shares (4)(6) CD R Ulysses Equity Holdings, L.P. - Common Shares (4)(6) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-1 Common Units (4) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-2 Common Units (4) Maia Aggregator, L.P. - Class A Units (4) NC Eve, L.P. - LP Interest (4)(6) 
 152 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Equity (continued) Health Care Technology Caerus Midco 2 S. . R.L - Additional Vehicle Units (4)(6) Caerus Midco 2 S. . R.L - Vehicle Units (4)(6) Insurance Shelf Holdco Ltd Common Equity (4)(6) IT Services NC Ocala Co-Invest Beta, L.P. - LP Interest (4) Professional Services Guidehouse Holding Corp. - Preferred Equity (4) OHCP V TC COI, LP. - LP Interest (4) Tricor Horizon, LP (4)(6) Victors CCC Topco, LP (4) Software Connatix Parent, LLC - Class L Common Units (4) Expedition Holdco, LLC - Class A Units (4) Knockout Intermediated Holdings I, Inc. (4) Lobos Parent, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4) Mandolin Technology Holdings, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4) Mimecast Limited (4) Zoro Common Equity (4) Zoro Series A Preferred Shares (4) Transportation Infrastructure Atlas Intermediate Holding LLC - Preferred Interest (4) Enstructure LLC (4) Frontline Road Safety Investments, LLC - Class A Common Units (4) Ncp Helix Holdings, LLC. - Preferred Shares (4) Total Equity Total Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated 
 153 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units (16) Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Investments - non-controlled/affiliated Equity Distributors GSO DL Co-Invest EIS LP (EIS Acquisition Holdings, LP) - Class A Common Units (4)(6)(15) Total Equity Investments Total Investments - non-controlled/affiliated Investments - controlled/affiliated (excluding investments in joint ventures Equity Diversified Financial Services Specialty Lending Company LLC - LLC Interest (4)(5)(6)(15) Specialty Retail GSO DL CoInvest CI LP (CustomInk, LLC) - Series A Preferred Units (4)(6)(15) Total Equity Total Investments - controlled/affiliated (excluding investments in joint ventures) Investments in Joint Ventures BCRED Emerald JV LP (6) BCRED Verdelite JV LP (6) Total Investments in Joint Ventures Total Investment Portfolio Cash and Cash Equivalents Other Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2022, non-qualifying assets represented of total assets as calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements. 
 (7) 
 154 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt 123Dentist, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/10/2029 ) ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/2/2023 ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/2/2027 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 5/7/2027 ) ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/7/2023 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/14/2024 ) Advancing Eyecare Center, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/13/2029 AI Altius Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/31/2028 ) Amerilife Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/31/2028 ) Amerilife Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2029 Amerivet Partners Management, Inc. Revolver 2/25/2028 ) Amerivet Partners Management, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/25/2024 Anaplan, Inc. Revolver 6/21/2028 ) Kwor Acquisition Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/22/2028 ) Kwor Acquistion Inc Revolver 12/22/2027 ) Armada Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 Armada Parent, Inc. Revolver 10/29/2027 ) Armstrong Bidco Limited Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/28/2029 Ascend Buyer, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 ) athenahealth, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/15/2029 Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2026 ) Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. Revolver 5/26/2026 Avalara Inc Revolver 10/19/2028 ) AxiomSL Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/3/2027 ) AxiomSL Group, Inc. Revolver 12/3/2025 ) Barbri Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/28/2023 Bazaarvoice, Inc. Revolver 5/7/2026 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Revolver 5/2/2028 ) Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/2/2029 Benefytt Technologies, Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 BlueCat Networks USA, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/8/2028 BlueCat Networks USA, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/8/2028 ) Caerus US 1, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/25/2029 ) Caerus US 1, Inc. Revolver 5/25/2029 Caerus US 1, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/25/2029 Cambium Learning Group, Inc. Revolver 7/20/2028 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/14/2023 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Revolver 4/14/2027 Caramel Bidco Limited Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/24/2024 CCBlue Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 CEP V Investment 11 Sarl Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/11/2028 CFC Underwriting, Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/30/2028 CFGI Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/2/2027 ) CFGI Holdings, LLC Revolver 11/2/2027 ) Chronicle Bidco, Inc. Revolver 11/14/2025 ) Claims Automation Intermediate 2, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/16/2027 ) Clearview Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/26/2024 Clearview Buyer, Inc. Revolver 2/26/2027 ) Community Brands ParentCo, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/24/2024 ) Community Brands ParentCo, LLC Revolver 2/24/2028 ) Confine Visual Bidco Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/11/2024 
 155 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value Connatix Buyer, Inc. Revolver 7/14/2027 ) Connatix Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/14/2023 ) COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. Revolver 12/31/2025 ) CPI Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/1/2023 CPI Buyer, LLC Revolver 11/1/2026 ) CPI Intermediate Holdings Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/8/2029 ) Cumming Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2027 ) Cumming Group, Inc. Revolver 5/26/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/3/2028 ) DCA Investment Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/3/2028 Discovery Education, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/9/2029 Discovery Education, Inc. Revolver 4/9/2029 ) Doc Generici (Diocle S.p.A.) Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/26/2024 Donuts, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/14/2023 DTI Holdco, Inc. Revolver 4/26/2027 Eliassen Group, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/14/2028 Emergency Power Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 ) Engineered Stone Group Holdings III Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/23/2028 Enstructure LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/25/2029 ENV Bidco AB Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/19/2029 ) Episerver, Inc. Revolver 4/9/2026 ) Episerver, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/9/2026 ) Excelitas Technologies Corp. Revolver 8/14/2028 Excelitas Technologies Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/13/2029 ) Experity, Inc. Revolver 2/24/2028 ) Forterro UK Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/7/2029 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. Revolver 10/29/2027 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2028 Galway Borrower, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 ) Galway Borrower, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/30/2023 ) GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/13/2023 GI Consilio Parent, LLC Revolver 2/10/2026 ) GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Revolver 10/29/2027 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/30/2028 Gigamon Inc. Revolver 3/11/2028 ) Go Car Wash Management Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2023 Go Car Wash Management Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/31/2026 ) GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Revolver 11/30/2027 ) GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/30/2023 ) GraphPAD Software, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/27/2027 ) GraphPAD Software, LLC Revolver 4/27/2027 ) Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/1/2023 ) Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Revolver 7/1/2026 ) Helix TS, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/14/2024 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/17/2027 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 High Street Buyer, Inc. Revolver 4/16/2027 ) High Street Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/16/2028 Houghton Mifflin, LLC Revolver 4/7/2027 ) Human Security, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/22/2027 IG Investments Holdings, LLC Revolver 9/22/2027 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/24/2024 ) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/27/2025 
 156 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value ISQ Hawkeye Holdco, Inc. Revolver 8/17/2028 ) ISQ Hawkeye Holdco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2029 Java Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/15/2023 Jayhawk Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/15/2026 Jupiter Bidco Limited Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/5/2029 ) Kaseya, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/25/2029 ) Kaseya, Inc. Revolver 6/25/2029 ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/10/2023 ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Revolver 12/10/2027 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/8/2023 Legacy Intermediate, LLC Revolver 2/25/2028 ) Legacy Intermediate, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/25/2023 ) Linquest Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/27/2023 ) Loar Group Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/29/2023 Magnesium BorrowerCo, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/18/2029 ) Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Revolver 7/30/2026 Mantech International CP Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/14/2029 ) Mantech International CP Revolver 9/14/2028 ) Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/23/2028 Material Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/17/2027 Material Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/19/2023 Metis Buyer, Inc. Revolver 5/4/2026 ) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 7/21/2027 Monk Holding Co. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 Monterey Financing S. .r.l Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/19/2029 Mozart Borrower LP Revolver 10/21/2026 ) MRI Software, LLC Revolver 2/10/2026 ) MRI Software, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/10/2026 Natus Medical Incorporated Revolver 7/21/2027 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/16/2023 NDC Acquisition Corp. Revolver 3/9/2027 New Arclin US Holding Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/22/2028 ) NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/1/2023 Onex AP Merger Sub, LLC Revolver 4/4/2028 ) Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2023 Paya Holdings III, LLC Revolver 6/16/2028 ) Pediatric Associates Holding Co., LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/29/2028 Petrus Buyer Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/17/2029 ) Petrus Buyer Inc Revolver 10/17/2029 ) PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 10/16/2028 ) Plasma Buyer, LLC Revolver 5/12/2028 ) Plasma Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/12/2029 ) Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/1/2023 Polyphase Elevator Holding Co. Revolver 6/23/2027 Polyphase Elevator Holding Co. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2027 Porcelain Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/1/2027 ) PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/31/2029 PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2029 ) Profile Products, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/12/2027 Profile Products, LLC Revolver 11/12/2027 Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/25/2029 Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/17/2023 Project Leopard Holdings, Inc. Revolver 7/20/2027 
 157 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value Qualus Power Services Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/26/2023 Rally Buyer, Inc. Revolver 7/19/2028 ) Rally Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/19/2028 ) Red River Technology, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2023 Redwood Services Group, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/15/2029 Relativity ODA, LLC Revolver 5/12/2027 ) Relay Purchaser, LLC Revolver 8/30/2026 ) Riser Merger Sub, Inc. Revolver 8/1/2028 ) Riser Merger Sub, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/1/2028 ) RoadOne Inc Revolver 12/30/2028 RoadOne Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2028 ) Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/31/2023 RSC Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/30/2026 RWL Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2027 ) Safety Borrower Holdings LP Revolver 9/1/2027 ) Sailpoint Technologies, Inc. Revolver 8/15/2028 ) Sam Holding Co, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/24/2023 Sam Holding Co, Inc. Revolver 3/24/2027 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2026 Sherlock Buyer Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/8/2028 ) Sherlock Buyer Corp. Revolver 12/8/2027 ) Smile Doctors, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/23/2028 Smile Doctors, LLC Revolver 12/23/2027 Snoopy Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/1/2023 ) SpecialtyCare, Inc. Revolver 6/18/2026 SpecialtyCare, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/18/2023 Spitfire Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/11/2027 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2023 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 Sunshine Cadence Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/23/2027 Tennessee Bidco Limited Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/22/2024 The Fertility Partners, Inc. Revolver 9/16/2027 The Fertility Partners, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/16/2024 The GI Alliance Management, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/15/2028 ) The NPD Group L.P. Revolver 12/1/2027 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Revolver 8/31/2026 ) Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (2nd Lien) Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2023 ) Trader Corp. Revolver 12/22/2028 ) Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/15/2028 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/29/2023 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Revolver 6/29/2027 ) Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) Triple Lift, Inc. Revolver 5/6/2028 TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/9/2023 ) Turing Holdco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2028 Unified Physician Management, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/18/2029 Unified Physician Management, LLC Revolver 6/18/2029 United Mutual Acquisition Holdings, LLC Revolver 7/15/2028 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/18/2023 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Revolver 11/18/2027 ) 
 158 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value Victors CCC Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/1/2029 ) Victors CCC Buyer, LLC Revolver 6/1/2029 ) VT Topco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/1/2025 West Monroe Partners, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/9/2023 West Monroe Partners, LLC Revolver 11/9/2027 ) West Star Aviation Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/1/2028 ) WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Revolver 6/22/2026 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/22/2023 Zendesk Inc Revolver 11/3/2028 ) Zendesk Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/22/2028 ) Total First and Second Lien Debt Unfunded Commitments ) 

(8) 
 (9) . 
 (10) . 
 (11) . 
 (12) . 
 (13) . 
 (14) 
 159 

(15) 
 Fair value 
 as of December 31, 2021 
 Gross Additions Gross Reductions Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Fair value 
 as of December 31, 2022 
 Dividend and Interest Income Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments GSO DL Co-Invest EIS LP Controlled/Affiliated Investments Specialty Lending Company LLC ) BCRED Emerald JV LP ) BCRED Verdelite JV LP ) GSO DL Co-Invest CI LP Total ) ) 
 (16) 
 (17) 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Counterparty Currency Purchased Currency Sold Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD CAD 1/17/2023 ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD DKK 3/14/2023 ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD EUR 3/14/2023 Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD NOK 3/13/2023 ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD NOK 3/14/2023 Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD SEK 3/13/2023 Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD SEK 3/14/2023 
 Interest Rate Swaps Counterparty Hedged Instrument Company Receives Company Pays Maturity Date Notional Amount Fair Market Value Upfront Payments / Receipts Change in Unrealized Gains / (Losses) Goldman Sachs Bank USA June 2024 Notes SOFR + 6/21/2024 ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA September 2024 Notes SOFR + 9/15/2024 ) ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA November 2024 Notes SOFR + 11/22/2024 ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA January 2025 Notes SOFR + 1/15/2025 ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA December 2026 Notes SOFR + 12/15/2026 ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA December 2026 Notes SOFR + 12/15/2026 ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA March 2025 Notes SOFR + 3/24/2025 ) ) Deutsche Bank March 2025 Notes SOFR + 3/24/2025 ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA April 2026 UK Bonds SOFR + 4/14/2026 GBP ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA May 2027 Notes SOFR + 5/3/2027 ) ) Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation September 2025 Notes SOFR + 9/27/2025 ) ) Goldman Sachs Bank USA October 2027 Notes SOFR + 10/11/2027 ) ) Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation September 2025 Notes SOFR + 9/29/2025 ) ) Total Interest Rate Swaps ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 160 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated First Lien Debt Aerospace Defense Corfin Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/27/2027 Linquest Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/28/2028 Loar Group, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/2/2023 MAG DS Corp. (11) L + 4/1/2027 Peraton Corp. (10) L + 2/1/2028 Vertex Aerospace Services Corp. (10) L + 10/27/2028 Air Freight Logistics AGI-CFI Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 6/11/2027 Livingston International, Inc. (4)(6)(10) L + 4/30/2027 Mode Purchaser, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/9/2026 R1 Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 1/2/2026 RWL Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/31/2028 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(11) E + 12/30/2026 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 12/30/2026 The Kenan Advantage Group, Inc. (10) L + 3/12/2026 Wwex Uni Topco Holdings, LLC (10) L + 7/26/2028 Airlines Air Canada (6)(10) L + 8/11/2028 American Airlines, Inc. (6)(10) L + 3/11/2028 United Airlines, Inc. (6)(10) L + 4/21/2028 Auto Components Clarios Global LP (6)(8) L + 4/30/2026 Metis Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(8) - Revolving Term Loan L + 5/4/2028 Metis Buyer, Inc. (10) L + 5/4/2028 Wheel Pros, Inc. (10) L + 4/23/2028 Beverages Arterra Wines Canada, Inc. (6)(10) L + 11/24/2027 Triton Water Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/18/2028 
 161 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Building Products Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. (6)(9) L + 4/12/2028 CP Atlas Buyer, Inc. (9) L + 11/23/2027 Empire Today, LLC (10) L + 3/8/2028 Fencing Supply Group Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 2/26/2027 Great Day Improvements, LLC (4)(7)(9) L + 12/29/2027 Illuminate Merger Sub Corp. (9) L + 6/30/2028 Jacuzzi Brands, LLC (4)(11) L + 2/25/2025 Kodiak BP, LLC (10) L + 2/25/2028 L S Mechanical Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 9/1/2027 Latham Pool Products, Inc. (8) L + 6/18/2025 Lindstrom, LLC (4)(11) L + 4/7/2025 Mi Windows and Doors, LLC (10) L + 12/18/2027 Symphony Technology Group (10) L + 5/3/2028 Windows Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Capital Markets Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 7/31/2026 Situs-AMC Holdings Corporation (4)(10) L + 12/22/2027 Superannuation And Investments US, LLC (6)(9) L + 9/23/2028 The Edelman Financial Engines Center, LLC (10) L + 3/15/2028 Chemicals Dominion Colour Corporation (4)(6)(7)(11) L + (incl. PIK) 
 4/6/2024 Geon Performance Solutions, LLC (10) L + 8/9/2028 Hyperion Materials Technologies, Inc. (9) L + 8/28/2028 LSF11 Skyscraper Holdco S. r.l, LLC (6)(10) L + 9/29/2027 New Arclin US Holding Corp. (6)(7)(9) L + 9/21/2028 NIC Acquisition Corp. (10) L + 12/29/2027 Olympus Water US Holding Corp. (9) L + 9/21/2028 Polymer Additives, Inc. (8) L + 7/31/2025 
 162 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Commercial Services Supplies Access CIG, LLC (8) L + 2/27/2025 Allied Universal Holdco, LLC (9) L + 5/12/2028 Bazaarvoice, Inc. (4)(7)(8) L + 5/7/2028 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. (10) L + 3/17/2028 Divisions Holding Corp. (10) L + 5/29/2028 EAB Global, Inc. (9) L + 6/28/2028 ECP Gopher Holdings L.P. (11) L + 3/6/2025 Foundational Education Group, Inc. (4)(9) L + 8/31/2028 Garda World Security Corp. (6)(8) L + 10/30/2026 Genuine Financial Holdings, LLC (8) L + 7/11/2025 International SOS The Americas LP (6)(9) L + 8/5/2028 Java Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/15/2027 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) L + 12/17/2028 JSS Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/17/2028 Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/10/2027 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/19/2028 MaxGen Energy Services Corporation (4)(11) L + 6/2/2027 Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2027 PECF USS Intermediate Holding III Corp. (9) L + 12/15/2028 Recycle Resource US, LLC (6)(9) L + 7/8/2028 Revspring, Inc. (8) L + 10/11/2025 Spin Holdco Inc. (10) L + 3/1/2028 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(7)(12) L + 1/16/2026 TRC Companies, Inc. (9) L + 6/21/2024 TruGreen Limited Partnership (10) L + 11/2/2027 USIC Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 5/12/2028 Veregy Consolidated, Inc. (11) L + 11/2/2027 Construction Engineering Aegion Corporation (10) L + 5/17/2028 ASP Endeavor Acquisition, LLC (4)(9) L + 5/3/2027 COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/31/2027 Peak Utility Services Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 2/26/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/24/2028 Tutor Perini Corp. (6)(11) L + 8/13/2027 
 163 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Construction Materials White Cap Buyer, LLC (9) L + 10/19/2027 Containers Packaging Ascend Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 9/30/2028 Berlin Packaging, LLC (9) L + 3/11/2028 Charter NEX US, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Flex Acquisition Co., Inc. (9) L + 2/23/2028 Flex Acquisition Co., Inc. (8) L + 6/29/2025 Graham Packaging Co, Inc. (10) L + 8/4/2027 IBC Capital US, LLC (6)(8) L + 9/11/2023 LABL, Inc. (9) L + 10/29/2028 MAR Bidco Sarl (6)(9) L + 4/20/2028 Pretium PKG Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 8/27/2028 ProAmpac PG Borrower, LLC (10) L + 11/3/2025 TricorBraun Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/3/2028 Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. (7)(11) L + 10/17/2024 Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 7/29/2028 Distributors BP Purchaser, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/10/2028 Bution Holdco 2, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/17/2025 Dana Kepner Company, LLC (4)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Genuine Cable Group, LLC (4)(6)(7)(10) L + 11/2/2026 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (7)(10) L + 12/23/2028 NDC Acquisition Corp. (4)(11) L + 3/9/2027 NDC Acquisition Corp. (4)(5)(7)(11) - Revolving Term Loan L + 3/9/2027 Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation (4)(7)(11) L + 11/13/2024 Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation (4)(11) L + 11/13/2024 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) L + 6/30/2025 
 164 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/20/2028 Dreambox Learning Holding LLC (4)(10) L + 12/1/2027 eResearchTechnology, Inc. (11) L + 2/4/2027 Go Car Wash Management Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/31/2026 KUEHG Corp. (11) L + 2/21/2025 LAH Borrower, LL (4)(6)(10) L + 10/12/2027 Learning Care Group (11) L + 3/13/2025 Loyalty Ventures, Inc. (9) L + 11/3/2027 Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. (9) L + 5/1/2025 Weld North Education, LLC (9) L + 12/21/2027 Diversified Financial Services Barbri Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 4/30/2028 Lereta, LLC (10) L + 7/27/2028 Mitchell International, Inc. (9) L + 10/15/2028 Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (6)(11) L + 9/3/2026 Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (6)(8) L + 12/31/2025 SelectQuote, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 11/5/2024 Diversified Telecommunication Services Numericable US, LLC (6)(8) L + 1/31/2026 Numericable US, LLC (6)(8) L + 8/14/2026 Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 10/1/2028 Electric Utilities Qualus Power Services Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/26/2027 Electrical Equipment Emergency Power Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 8/17/2028 Madison IAQ, LLC (9) L + 6/16/2028 Radwell International, LLC (4)(6)(7)(10) L + 7/13/2027 Relay Purchaser, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 8/30/2028 Shoals Holdings, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/25/2026 
 165 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Albireo Energy, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 12/23/2026 ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc. (7)(8) L + 1/4/2026 CPI International, Inc. (11) L + 7/26/2024 Infinite Bidco, LLC (9) L + 2/24/2028 Ingram Micro, Inc. (9) L + 3/31/2028 Energy Equipment Services Abaco Energy Technologies, LLC (4)(11) L + (incl. PIK) 
 10/4/2024 EnergySolutions, LLC (11) L + 5/9/2025 Tetra Technologies, Inc. (4)(6)(11) L + 9/10/2025 Entertainment CE Intermediate I, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/10/2028 Herschend Entertainment Co, LLC (9) L + 8/27/2028 Recorded Books, Inc. (8) L + 8/29/2025 Food Products CHG PPC Parent, LLC (9) L + 11/16/2028 Quantum Bidco, Ltd. (6)(8) S + 2/5/2028 Snacking Investments US, LLC (6)(11) L + 12/18/2026 Health Care Equipment Supplies CPI Holdco, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/1/2028 GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 9/13/2027 Mozart Borrower LP (9) L + 9/20/2028 Resonetics, LLC (10) L + 4/28/2028 Sunshine Luxembourg VII S. r.l, LLC (6)(10) L + 10/2/2026 TecoStar Holdings, Inc. (11) L + 5/1/2024 Health Care Providers Services ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/2/2028 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/7/2027 ADMI Corp. (9) L + 12/23/2027 AHP Health Partners, Inc. (9) L + 8/4/2028 
 166 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Health Care Providers Services (continued) AMGH Holding Corp. (11) L + 3/14/2025 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(6)(7)(11) L + 4/14/2028 CAD CCBlue Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/21/2028 CHG Healthcare Services, Inc. (9) L + 9/29/2028 Covenant Surgical Partners, Inc. (8) L + 7/1/2026 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (4)(10) L + 6/8/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 3/12/2027 Epoch Acquisition, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/4/2024 GC EOS Buyer, Inc. (8) L + 8/1/2025 Global Medical Response, Inc. (11) L + 10/2/2025 Gordian Medical, Inc. (10) L + 3/29/2027 Heartland Dental, LLC (8) L + 4/30/2025 ICS US Holdings, Inc. (6)(9) L + 6/8/2028 Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2026 LifePoint Health, Inc. (8) L + 11/16/2025 Midwest Physician Administrative Services, LLC (10) L + 3/5/2028 National Mentor Holdings, Inc. (7)(10) L + 2/18/2028 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. (4)(7)(9) L + 7/16/2027 Odyssey Holding Company, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/16/2025 Onex TSG Intermediate Corp. (6)(10) L + 2/28/2028 Padagis, LLC (6)(9) L + 6/30/2028 Pathway Vet Alliance, LLC (8) L + 3/31/2027 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (10) L + 2/14/2025 Phoenix Guarantor, Inc. (8) L + 3/5/2026 Phoenix Guarantor, Inc. (8) L + 3/5/2026 Pluto Acquisition I, Inc. (8) L + 6/22/2026 PSKW Intermediate, LLC (4)(11) L + 3/9/2026 Radnet, Inc. (6)(10) L + 4/22/2028 Reverb Buyer, Inc. (7)(9) L + 11/1/2028 Smile Doctors,LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/23/2028 Snoopy Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/1/2028 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 1/2/2029 Surgery Centers Holdings, Inc. (6)(10) L + 8/31/2026 The GI Alliance Management, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 11/4/2024 TTF Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 3/24/2028 
 167 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Health Care Providers Services (continued) Unified Women's Healthcare, LLC (10) L + 12/16/2027 U.S. Anesthesia Partners, Inc. (9) L + 9/22/2028 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/18/2027 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/22/2028 WP CityMD Bidco, LLC (9) L + 11/18/2028 Health Care Technology athenahealth, Inc. (8) L + 2/11/2026 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(10) L + 9/21/2026 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/21/2026 FH MD Buyer, Inc. (10) L + 6/16/2028 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2028 Netsmart Technologies, Inc. (10) L + 10/1/2027 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 3/1/2028 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. (10) L + 3/3/2028 Therapy Brands Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 5/12/2028 Verscend Holding Corp. (8) L + 8/27/2025 Waystar Technologies, Inc. (8) L + 10/22/2026 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure CEC Entertainment, Inc. (5)(8) 5/1/2026 Flynn Restaurant Group LP (9) L + 12/1/2028 IRB Holding Corp. (11) L + 12/15/2027 Tacala Investment Corp. (10) L + 2/5/2027 Household Durables AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. (6)(7)(9) L + 6/16/2028 Instant Brands Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 4/12/2028 Industrial Conglomerates Bettcher Industries, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 12/13/2028 Engineered Machinery Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 5/19/2028 Excelitas Technologies Corp. (11) L + 12/2/2024 FCG Acquisitions, Inc. (9) L + 3/16/2028 Madison Safety Flow LLC (8) L + 12/14/2028 Vertical US Newco, Inc. (6)(9) L + 7/30/2027 
 168 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Insurance Acrisure, LLC (8) L + 2/15/2027 Acrisure, LLC (9) L + 2/15/2027 Acrisure, LLC (9) L + 2/15/2027 Alera Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 9/30/2028 Alliant Holdings Intermediate, LLC (8) L + 5/9/2025 Alliant Holdings Intermediate, LLC (9) L + 10/8/2027 AssuredPartners, Inc. (9) L + 2/12/2027 Baldwin Risk Partners, LLC (6)(9) L + 10/14/2027 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/12/2027 BroadStreet Partners, Inc. (8) L + 1/27/2027 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2028 Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 9/24/2028 High Street Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 4/14/2028 Howden Group Holdings Limited (6)(10) L + 11/12/2027 HUB International Limited (10) L + 4/25/2025 HUB International Limited (8) L + 4/25/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(11) L + 8/27/2025 Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (6)(7)(10) C + 3/28/2028 CAD NFP Corp. (8) L + 2/15/2027 PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 10/14/2028 RSC Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(7)(10) L + 10/30/2026 SG Acquisition, Inc. (4)(9) L + 1/27/2027 Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(5)(6)(7)(8) S + 8/3/2028 GBP Tennessee Bidco Limited (4)(6)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Interactive Media Services Bungie, Inc. (4)(11) L + 8/28/2024 Cengage Learning, Inc. (11) L + 6/29/2026 MH Sub I, LLC (11) L + 9/13/2024 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (8) L + 6/1/2026 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (9) L + 6/1/2026 SurveyMonkey, Inc. (6)(8) L + 10/10/2025 
 169 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Internet Direct Marketing Retail Donuts, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Prodege International Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/15/2027 Shutterfly, LLC (4)(10) L + 9/25/2026 Wireless Vision, LLC (4)(11) L + 12/30/2025 IT Services Ahead DB Holdings, LLC (5)(10) L + 10/18/2027 AI Altius Bidco, Inc. (4)(5)(6)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 AI Altius Bidco, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(8) 12/1/2028 Dcert Buyer, Inc. (8) L + 10/16/2026 Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 2/10/2028 Ensono Holdings, LLC (10) L + 5/19/2028 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 11/24/2028 Park Place Technologies, LLC (4)(11) L + 11/10/2027 Razor Holdco, LLC (4)(10) L + 10/25/2027 Red River Technology, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Sabre GLBL, Inc. (6)(9) L + 12/17/2027 TierPoint, LLC (10) L + 5/6/2026 Turing Holdco, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(8) L + 8/3/2028 Virtusa Corp. (10) L + 2/11/2028 Leisure Products Alterra Mountain Company (9) L + 8/17/2028 Lew's Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 1/26/2028 Lucky Bucks, LLC (6)(10) L + 7/21/2027 Recess Holdings, Inc. (11) L + 9/30/2024 Life Sciences Tools Services Cambrex Corp. (10) L + 12/4/2026 Curia Global, Inc. (10) L + 8/30/2026 LSCS Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 12/16/2028 Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC (6)(11) L + 10/19/2027 Packaging Coordinators Midco, Inc. (10) L + 11/30/2027 
 170 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Machinery Apex Tool Group, LLC (12) L + 8/1/2024 ASP Blade Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 10/13/2028 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 7/21/2027 Phoenix Services Merger Sub, LLC (11) L + 3/1/2025 Pro Mach Group, Inc. (7)(11) L + 8/31/2028 Marine Armada Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 10/29/2027 Media Altice Financing S.A. (5)(6)(8) 8/15/2029 Digital Media Solutions, LLC (6)(10) L + 5/24/2026 McGraw-Hill Education, Inc. (9) L + 7/28/2028 Radiate Holdco, LLC (10) L + 9/25/2026 Terrier Media Buyer, Inc. (8) L + 12/17/2026 Univision Communications, Inc. (10) L + 3/15/2026 Metals Mining American Rock Salt Company, LLC (10) L + 6/4/2028 SCIH Salt Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 3/16/2027 Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels Eagle Midstream Canada Finance, Inc. (4)(6)(13) L + 11/26/2024 Freeport LNG Investments, LLLP (9) L + 12/21/2028 Lucid Energy Group II Borrower, LLC (6)(10) L + 11/24/2028 Paper Forest Products Profile Products, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/12/2027 Pharmaceuticals ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (6)(10) L + 4/27/2028 Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (6)(9) L + 4/21/2028 Sharp Midco, LLC (4)(9) L + 12/14/2028 
 171 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Professional Services ALKU, LLC (4)(10) L + 3/1/2028 Aqgen Island Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 5/20/2028 Armor Holdco, Inc. (6)(9) L + 12/11/2028 Ascend Performance Materials Operations, LLC (10) L + 8/27/2026 BMC Acquisition, Inc. (11) L + 12/28/2024 BPPH2 Limited (4)(6)(8) S + 3/2/2028 Camelot US Acquisition, LLC (5)(6)(11) L + 10/30/2026 Cast Crew Payroll, LLC (8) L + 2/9/2026 Cast Crew Payroll, LLC (9) L + 12/9/2028 CFGI Holdings, LLC (4)(6)(7)(10) L + 11/1/2027 Claims Automation Intermediate 2, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/16/2027 Clearview Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/26/2027 Deerfield Dakota Holding, LLC (11) L + 4/9/2027 Emerald US, Inc. (6)(8) L + 7/12/2028 Guidehouse LLP (4)(7)(10) L + 10/16/2028 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 8/17/2027 IG Investments Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 9/22/2028 Inmar, Inc. (11) L + 5/1/2024 Kaufman Hall Associates, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/14/2028 Kwor Acquisition, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/22/2028 Material Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 8/19/2027 Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. (8) L + 3/27/2026 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Co. (8) L + 5/23/2025 Sherlock Buyer Corp. (4)(7)(8) L + 12/8/2028 Trans Union, LLC (9) L + 12/1/2028 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. (4)(7)(10) L + 6/29/2027 Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/21/2028 VT Topco, Inc. (7)(10) L + 8/1/2025 West Monroe Partners, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/8/2028 Real Estate Management Development Cumming Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 McCarthy Stone PLC (5)(6)(8) 12/16/2025 Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 2/16/2028 Road Rail Gruden Acquisition, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 7/1/2028 
 172 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Software 2U, Inc. (6)(10) L + 11/30/2024 Apex Group Treasury, LLC (6)(9) L + 7/27/2028 Apttus Corp. (10) L + 4/27/2028 AxiomSL Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 12/3/2027 Belfor Holdings, Inc. (4)(8) L + 4/6/2026 Boxer Parent Company, Inc. (8) L + 10/2/2025 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 4/18/2025 Byjus Alpha, Inc. (6)(10) L + 11/5/2026 Cloudera, Inc. (9) L + 8/9/2028 Connatix Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/14/2027 CoreLogic, Inc. (9) L + 6/2/2028 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (9) L + 10/16/2028 Delta Topco, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Diligent Corporation (4)(11) L + 8/4/2025 ECI Macola Max Holding, LLC (6)(10) L + 11/9/2027 EP Purchaser, LLC (9) L + 11/6/2028 Epicor Software Corp. (10) L + 7/30/2027 Episerver, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 4/9/2026 Experity, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/22/2027 Flexera Software, LLC (10) L + 1/26/2028 GI Consilio Parent, LLC (7)(9) L + 4/30/2028 Gigamon Inc. (10) L + 12/27/2024 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. (4)(6)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 GraphPAD Software, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 4/27/2027 Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC (10) L + 12/1/2027 HS Purchaser, LLC (10) L + 11/19/2026 Hyland Software, Inc. (10) L + 7/1/2024 Idera, Inc. (10) L + 2/4/2028 Imperva, Inc. (11) L + 1/12/2026 Imprivata, Inc. (9) L + 12/1/2027 ION Trading Finance Ltd. (6)(8) L + 3/26/2028 Ivanti Software, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Ivanti Software, Inc. (11) L + 12/1/2027 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 2/8/2026 MA FinanceCom, LLC (6)(11) L + 6/5/2025 
 173 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Software (continued) Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(9) L + 7/6/2028 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(11) L + 6/1/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (5)(10) L + 4/28/2028 Medallia, Inc. (4)(6)(10) L + PIK 
 10/29/2028 Mic Glen, LLC (9) L + 7/21/2028 Mobileum, Inc. (4)(11) L + 8/12/2024 Monk Holding Co. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2027 MRI Software, LLC (7)(11) L + 2/10/2026 Nintex Topco Limited (4)(6)(10) L + 11/13/2028 Paya Holdings III, LLC (4)(5)(6)(7)(10) L + 6/16/2028 Perforce Software, Inc. (8) L + 7/1/2026 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. (8) L + 4/26/2024 Project Leopard Holdings, Inc. (11) L + 7/7/2024 Quest Software US Holdings, Inc. (6)(8) L + 5/16/2025 Relativity ODA, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + PIK 
 5/12/2027 Rocket Software, Inc. (8) L + 11/28/2025 Rocket Software, Inc. (9) L + 11/28/2025 S2P Acquisition Borrower, Inc. (6)(8) L + 8/14/2026 Sovos Compliance, LLC (6)(7)(9) L + 7/29/2028 SpecialtyCare, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 6/18/2028 Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/11/2027 Spitfire Parent, Inc. (4)(11) L + 3/11/2027 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 Surf Holdings, LLC (6)(8) L + 3/5/2027 Tegra118 Wealth Solutions, Inc. (8) L + 2/18/2027 The NPD Group L.P. (4)(6)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (9) L + 5/4/2026 Triple Lift, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 5/6/2028 University Support Services, LLC (9) L + 7/17/2025 Veritas US, Inc. (6)(11) L + 9/1/2025 Virgin Pulse, Inc. (10) L + 4/6/2028 Vision Solutions, Inc. (10) L + 3/4/2028 
 174 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Specialty Retail CustomInk, LLC (4)(11) L + 5/3/2026 EG America, LLC (6)(9) L + 3/10/2026 Petco Health Wellness Co, Inc. (10) L + 2/24/2028 PetSmart, Inc. (5)(10) L + 2/11/2028 Runner Buyer, Inc. (10) L + 10/20/2028 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Deliver Buyer, Inc. (8) L + 5/1/2024 Lytx, Inc. (4)(11) L + 2/28/2026 Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Mad Engine Global, LLC (11) L + 6/30/2027 S S Holdings, LLC (9) L + 3/4/2028 Trading Companies Distributors Foundation Building Materials, Inc. (9) L + 2/3/2028 LBM Acquisition, LLC (10) L + 12/17/2027 Park River Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 12/28/2027 Porcelain Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 4/30/2027 Specialty Building Products Holdings, LLC (6)(9) L + 10/15/2028 SRS Distribution, Inc. (9) L + 6/4/2028 The Cook Boardman Group, LLC (11) L + 10/17/2025 Transportation Infrastructure AIT Worldwide Logistics Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 3/31/2028 Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. (7)(10) L + 4/28/2028 Capstone Logistics, LLC (7)(11) L + 11/12/2027 First Student Bidco, Inc. (6)(9) L + 7/21/2028 Frontline Road Safety, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 5/3/2027 Helix TS, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 8/4/2027 Liquid Tech Solutions Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 3/19/2028 Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 10/19/2027 Safety Borrower Holdings LP (4)(7)(11) L + 9/1/2027 Sam Holding Co, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 9/24/2027 Spireon, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/4/2024 TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 7/9/2027 
 175 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets First Lien Debt (continued) Wireless Telecommunication Services CCI Buyer, Inc. (10) L + 12/17/2027 Total First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Aerospace Defense Peraton Corp. (10) L + 2/26/2029 Air Freight Logistics The Kenan Advantage Group, Inc. (4)(10) L + 9/1/2027 Wwex Uni Topco Holdings, LLC (10) L + 7/26/2029 Chemicals NIC Acquisition Corp. (10) L + 12/29/2028 Commercial Services Supplies DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. (10) L + 3/18/2029 USIC Holdings, Inc. (5)(10) L + 5/7/2029 Construction Engineering COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. (4)(11) L + 12/31/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 8/24/2029 Diversified Consumer Services Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. (9) L + 12/7/2029 Health Care Providers Services Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(6)(8) 4/15/2029 CAD CD R Artemis UK Bidco Ltd. (4)(6)(8) S + 8/19/2029 GBP Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2027 Industrial Conglomerates Victory Buyer, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/1/2029 Insurance Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (6)(7)(9) C + 3/26/2029 CAD IT Services Dcert Buyer, Inc. (8) L + 2/16/2029 Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + PIK 
 11/24/2033 
 176 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Second Lien Debt (continued) Life Sciences Tools Services Curia Global, Inc. (4)(10) L + 8/31/2029 LSCS Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 11/30/2029 Phoenix Newco, Inc. (4)(9) L + 11/15/2029 Pharmaceuticals Sharp Midco, LLC (4)(5)(9) L + 12/31/2029 Professional Services Aqgen Island Holdings, Inc. (5)(9) L + 5/4/2029 Deerfield Dakota Holding, LLC (10) L + 4/7/2028 VT Topco, Inc. (4)(10) L + 7/31/2026 Software Apex Group Treasury, LLC (4)(6)(9) L + 7/27/2029 Celestial Saturn Parent, Inc. (9) L + 4/13/2029 Cloudera, Inc. (9) L + 8/9/2029 HS Purchaser, LLC (10) L + 11/19/2027 Idera, Inc. (4)(10) L + 2/4/2029 Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (4)(9) L + 7/6/2029 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (4)(10) L + 4/28/2029 Mic Glen, LLC (9) L + 6/22/2029 Proofpoint, Inc. (5)(9) L + 6/8/2029 Quest Software US Holdings, Inc. (5)(6)(8) L + 5/18/2026 Symphony Technology Group (10) L + 5/3/2029 Virgin Pulse, Inc. (4)(10) L + 3/30/2029 Vision Solutions, Inc. (5)(10) L + 3/4/2029 Trading Companies Distributors Icebox Holdco III, Inc. (9) L + 12/16/2029 Transportation Infrastructure Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. (4)(5)(10) L + 5/25/2029 Drive Chassis Holdco, LLC (8) L + 4/10/2026 Total Second Lien Debt 
 177 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Structured Finance Obligations 522 Funding CLO 2020-6, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/23/2034 AIMCO CLO Series 2015-A (5)(6)(8) L + 10/17/2034 Apidos CLO XXXIII (5)(6)(8) L + 10/24/2034 Apidos CLO XXXVI, LLC (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/20/2034 Ares LXI CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Ares LXII CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/25/2034 Ares XXVII CLO, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Balboa Bay Loan Funding 2021-2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/20/2035 Barings CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Barings CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/18/2035 Benefit Street Partners CLO XXI (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Carlyle US CLO 2020-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/20/2034 Carval CLO V-C, LTD. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2034 CIFC Funding 2019-III, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/16/2034 Dryden 95 CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 8/20/2034 Elmwood CLO III, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Elmwood CLO VI, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Flatiron RR CLO 22, LLC (5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2034 Fort Washington CLO 2021-2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Galaxy XXV CLO, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/25/2031 Goldentree Loan Management US Clo 8 Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Gulf Stream Meridian 5, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Halseypoint Clo 5, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/30/2035 Jamestown CLO XIV, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Kayne CLO III, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/15/2032 Morgan Stanley Eaton Vance Clo 2021-1, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 Neuberger Berman Loan Advisers CLO 38, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2035 OCP CLO 2021-22, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 12/2/2034 Octagon Investment Partners 41, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2033 Palmer Square CLO 2019-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 11/14/2034 Post CLO 2021-1, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2034 PPM CLO 2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 4/16/2032 PPM CLO 4, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/18/2034 PPM CLO 5, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/18/2034 Rad CLO 14, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/15/2035 
 178 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Structured Finance Obligations (continued) Rockford Tower CLO 2021-3, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/20/2034 RR 19, Ltd. (5)(6)(8) L + 10/15/2035 Sound Point CLO XXVII, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 10/25/2034 Trestles Clo IV, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/21/2034 Vibrant CLO XII, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/20/2034 Vibrant CLO XIII, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/15/2034 Voya CLO 2019-4, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 1/15/2035 Voya CLO 2020-2, Ltd. (4)(5)(6)(8) L + 7/19/2034 Total Structured Finance Obligations Unsecured Debt IT Services Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (5)(8) 2/15/2029 Total Unsecured Debt Equity Aerospace Defense Corfin Holdco, Inc. - Common Stock (4) Loar Acquisition 13, LLC - Common Units (4) Air Freight Logistics AGI Group Holdings LP - A2 Units (4) Mode Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Common Units (4) Distributors Box Co-Invest Blocker, LLC (4) Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Holdings, LLC - Senior Preferred Interests (4) Deneb Ultimate Topco, LLC - Class A Units (4) Diversified Telecommunication Services Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class A Units (4) Point Broadband Holdings, LLC - Class B Units (4) Health Care Equipment Supplies GCX Corporation Group Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Units (4) 
 179 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Equity (continued) Health Care Providers Services CD R Artemis Holdco 2 Limited - Preferred Shares (4)(6) CD R Ulysses Equity Holdings, L.P. - Common Shares (4)(6) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-1 Common Units (4) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-2 Common Units (4) IT Services NC Ocala Co-Invest Beta, L.P. - LP Interest (4) Professional Services Guidehouse Holding Corp. - Preferred Equity (4) OHCP V TC COI, LP. - LP Interest (4) Software Connatix Parent, LLC - Class L Common Units (4) Lobos Parent, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4)(6) Mandolin Technology Holdings, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4) Transportation Infrastructure Atlas Intermediate Holding LLC - Preferred Interest (4) Frontline Road Safety Investments, LLC - Class A Common Units (4) Ncp Helix Holdings, LLC. - Preferred Shares (4) Total Equity Investments Total Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated Investments non-controlled/affiliated Equity Distributors GSO DL Co-Invest EIS LP (EIS Acquisition Holdings, LP) - Class A Common Units (4)(14) Total Equity Total Investments non-controlled/affiliated 
 180 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments (1) Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate (2) Maturity Date Par Amount/Units Cost (3) Fair Value of Net Assets Investments controlled/affiliated Equity Diversified Financial Services Specialty Lending Company LLC - LLC Interest (4)(5)(6) Specialty Retail GSO DL CoInvest CI LP (CustomInk, LLC) - Series A Preferred Units (4)(14) Total Equity Total Investments controlled/affiliated Total Investment Portfolio Cash and Cash Equivalents Other Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) of total assets as calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements. 
 (7) 
 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/2/2023 ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/2/2027 ) ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/7/2023 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 5/7/2027 ) AI Altius Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/13/2023 Albireo Energy, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/23/2022 Alera Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/30/2028 Armada Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 ) Armada Parent, Inc. Revolver 10/29/2027 Ascend Buyer, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 
 181 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt (continued) Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2026 Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. Revolver 5/26/2026 AxiomSL Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/3/2027 ) AxiomSL Group, Inc. Revolver 12/3/2025 ) Barbri , Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/28/2023 Bazaarvoice, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/7/2022 Bazaarvoice, Inc. Revolver 5/7/2026 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 ) Cambium Learning Group, Inc. Revolver 7/20/2028 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/14/2023 ) Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. Revolver 4/14/2027 Capstone Logistics, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/12/2027 CCBlue Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) CFGI Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/2/2027 ) CFGI Holdings, LLC Revolver 11/2/2027 ) Claims Automation Intermediate 2, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/16/2027 ) Claims Automation Intermediate 2, LLC Revolver 12/16/2027 ) Clearview Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/26/2024 Clearview Buyer, Inc. Revolver 2/26/2027 Connatix Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/14/2023 ) Connatix Buyer, Inc. Revolver 7/14/2027 COP Home Services TopCo IV, Inc. Revolver 12/31/2025 Corfin Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/27/2022 CPI Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/1/2023 CPI Holdco, LLC Revolver 11/1/2026 ) Cumming Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2027 ) Cumming Group, Inc. Revolver 5/26/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/12/2023 Dominion Colour Corporation Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/6/2027 Emergency Power Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 Engineered Stone Group Holdings III Ltd. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/22/2023 Episerver, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/9/2026 ) Episerver, Inc. Revolver 4/9/2026 ) Experity, Inc. Revolver 7/22/2027 ) Fencing Supply Group Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/26/2023 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. Revolver 10/29/2027 ) Frontline Road Safety, LLC - A Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/3/2027 Frontline Road Safety, LLC - B Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/3/2022 Galway Borrower, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/30/2023 Galway Borrower, LLC Revolver 9/30/2027 ) GCX Corporation Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/13/2023 Genuine Cable Group, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/1/2023 GI Consilio Parent, LLC Revolver 5/14/2026 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/29/2023 ) GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC Revolver 10/29/2027 ) Go Car Wash Management Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2023 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/30/2023 
 182 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt (continued) GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Revolver 11/30/2027 ) GraphPAD Software, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/27/2027 ) GraphPAD Software, LLC Revolver 4/27/2027 Great Day Improvements, LLC Revolver 12/28/2027 ) Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/1/2023 Gruden Acquisition, Inc. Revolver 7/1/2026 ) Guidehouse LLP Revolver 10/15/2027 Helix TS, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2023 HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/17/2023 ) HIG Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Revolver 8/17/2027 High Street Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/16/2028 High Street Buyer, Inc. Revolver 4/16/2027 ) IG Investments Holdings, LLC Revolver 9/22/2027 Inovalon Holdings, Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/24/2024 ) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/27/2025 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/9/2023 ) Java Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/15/2023 ) Java Buyer, Inc. Revolver 12/15/2027 ) Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/28/2022 Jones Deslauriers Insurance Management, Inc. (2nd Lien) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/28/2022 Kaufman Hall Associates, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/14/2023 ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/10/2023 ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Revolver 12/10/2027 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/19/2023 Kwor Acquisition, Inc. Revolver 12/22/2027 L S Mechanical Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/1/2022 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/8/2023 Linquest Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/27/2023 ) Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Revolver 7/30/2026 ) Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/23/2028 Material Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/19/2023 Material Holdings, LLC Revolver 8/17/2027 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/1/2023 Metis Buyer, Inc. Revolver 5/4/2026 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/21/2023 MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 7/21/2027 ) Mobileum, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2024 Monk Holding Co. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2023 MRI Software, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/10/2026 MRI Software, LLC Revolver 2/10/2026 National Mentor Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/18/2028 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/16/2023 NDC Acquisition Corp. Revolver 3/9/2027 New Arclin US Holding Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/30/2023 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/1/2023 ) Onex Baltimore Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2023 Paya Holdings III, LLC Revolver 6/16/2028 Peak Utility Services Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/6/2028 
 183 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt (continued) PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/16/2028 ) PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 10/16/2028 ) Point Broadband Acquisition, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/1/2023 ) Porcelain Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/30/2022 ) Pro Mach Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2028 Prodege International Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/15/2022 ) Profile Products, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/12/2027 Profile Products, LLC Revolver 11/12/2027 ) Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/16/2022 Qualus Power Services Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/26/2023 R1 Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/19/2022 Radwell International, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/13/2023 Radwell International, LLC Revolver 7/13/2027 Red River Technology, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2023 Relativity ODA, LLC Revolver 5/12/2027 ) Relay Purchaser, LLC Revolver 8/30/2026 ) Reverb Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/1/2028 Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/19/2022 RSC Acquisition, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/30/2026 RWL Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2027 ) Safety Borrower Holdings LP Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/1/2022 Safety Borrower Holdings LP Revolver 9/1/2027 ) Sam Holding Co, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/24/2023 Sam Holding Co, Inc. Revolver 3/24/2027 ) SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2022 ) SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 SelectQuote, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/5/2024 Sherlock Buyer Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2028 ) Sherlock Buyer Corp. Revolver 12/8/2027 Smile Doctors, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 Smile Doctors, LLC Revolver 12/21/2027 Snoopy Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/1/2023 Sovos Compliance, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/11/2028 SpecialtyCare, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/18/2023 ) SpecialtyCare, Inc. Revolver 6/18/2026 Spitfire Parent, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/4/2022 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2023 ) Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 ) Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/10/2022 Tennessee Bidco Limited Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2028 The Action Environmental Group, Inc Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/16/2026 The GI Alliance Management, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/5/2023 The NPD Group L.P. Revolver 12/1/2027 ) Therapy Brands Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/18/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Revolver 8/31/2026 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (2nd Lien) Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/31/2023 Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/15/2028 
 184 

Table of Contents 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First and Second Lien Debt (continued) Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/29/2023 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. Revolver 6/29/2027 Trinity Partners Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 ) Triple Lift, Inc. Revolver 5/6/2028 ) TRP Infrastructure Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/9/2023 ) Turing Holdco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/3/2028 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 1/7/2022 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Revolver 11/18/2027 ) West Monroe Partners, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/9/2023 West Monroe Partners, LLC Revolver 11/9/2027 VT Topco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/1/2025 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/22/2023 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Revolver 6/22/2026 ) Specialty Lending Company LLC LLC Interest Total Unfunded Commitments ) 
 
 (8) . 
 (9) . 
 (10) . 
 (11) . 
 (12) . 
 (13) . 
 (14) As of December 31, 2021, the Company s controlled/affiliated and non-controlled/affiliated investments were as follows: 
 Fair value 
 as of December 31, 2020 
 Gross Additions Gross Reductions Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Fair value 
 as of December 31, 2021 
 Dividend and Interest Income Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments GSO DL Co-Invest EIS LP Controlled/Affiliated Investments Specialty Lending Company LLC GSO DL Co-Invest CI LP Total 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract Counterparty Currency Purchased Currency Sold Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Goldman Sachs Bank USA USD EUR 2/22/2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 185 

Table o f Contents 

 Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except per share data, percentages and as otherwise noted) 
 
 Note 1. 
 billion of common shares of beneficial interest Common Shares pursuant to an offering registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Company offers to sell any combination of three classes of Common Shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees. The initial purchase price for the Common Shares was per share. Thereafter, the purchase price per share for each class of Common Shares equals the net asset value NAV per share, as of the effective date of the monthly share purchase date. Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. (the Intermediary Manager will use its best efforts to sell shares, but is not obligated to purchase or sell any specific amount of shares in the offering. The Company also engages in private offerings of its Common Shares. 
 The Company accepted purchase orders and held investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until the Company received purchase orders for at least million, excluding shares purchased by the Adviser, its affiliates and trustees and officers, in any combination of purchases of Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, and the Company s Board of Trustees (the Board authorized the release of funds in the escrow account. As of January 7, 2021, the Company had satisfied the minimum offering requirement and commenced its operations after the Company s Board had authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. As of such date, the Company issued and sold shares (consisting of Class S shares and Class I shares at an offering price of per share; Class D shares were issued or sold as of such date), and the escrow agent released net proceeds of approximately million to the Company as payment for such shares. 
 The year ended December 31, 2021, represents the period from January 7, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 186 

Table o f Contents 

 Note 2. 

187 

Table o f Contents 

 188 

Table o f Contents 

 189 

Table o f Contents 

 190 

Table o f Contents 

million and million, respectively, in non-recurring interest income (e.g. prepayment premiums, accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees, unamortized discounts, and ticking fees). 
 PIK Income 
 The Company has loans in its portfolio that contain payment-in-kind PIK provisions. PIK represents interest that is accrued and recorded as interest income at the contractual rates, increases the loan principal on the respective capitalization dates, and is generally due at maturity. Such income is included in interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. If at any point the Company believes PIK is not expected to be realized, the investment generating PIK will be placed on non-accrual status. When a PIK investment is placed on non-accrual status, the accrued, uncapitalized interest is generally reversed through interest income. To maintain the Company s status as a RIC, this non-cash source of income must be paid out to shareholders in the form of dividends, even though the Company has not yet collected cash. 
 Dividend Income 
 Dividend income on preferred equity securities and on the Company's equity interest in its joint ventures are recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly-traded portfolio companies. 
 Fee Income 
 The Company may receive various fees in the ordinary course of business such as structuring, consent, waiver, amendment, syndication and other miscellaneous fees as well as fees for managerial assistance rendered by the Company to the portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as income when earned or the services are rendered. 
 Non-Accrual Income 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt whether principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Additionally, any original issue discount and market discount are no longer accreted to interest income as of the date the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid current and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. Management may make exceptions to this treatment and determine to not place a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loan and loans in the portfolio were on non-accrual status, respectively. 
 191 

Table o f Contents 

 million and , respectively, of U.S. federal excise tax. 

192 

Table o f Contents 

 The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Note 3. 
 term and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the independent trustees. The Company may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon days written notice. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations. On May 2, 2022, the Investment Advisory Agreement was renewed and continued for an additional period ending on May 31, 2023. 
 The Company pays the Adviser a fee for its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement consisting of components: a management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the shareholders. Substantial additional fees and expenses may also be charged by the Administrator to the Company, which is an affiliate of the Adviser. The Adviser agreed to waive the management fee and incentive fee based on income through July 7, 2021. 
 
 On August 2, 2022, the Company and the Adviser entered into an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement ), which was approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees. The Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement altered the Investment Advisory Agreement by removing certain sunset provisions that previously stated that certain requirements of the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines would no longer apply if the Company s shares become "covered securities" within the meaning of Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and amending certain undertakings provisions, including to clarify compliance with NASAA Omnibus Guidelines. No other changes were made to the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Base Management Fees 
 The management fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means the Company s total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The management fee calculation will be prorated for any partial months, including the first calendar month in which the Company commenced operations. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, base management fees were million and million, respectively, of which and million, respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, was payable to the Adviser relating to management fees. 
 Incentive Fees 
 The incentive fees consist of components that are determined independently of each other, with the result that component may be payable even if the other is not. One component is based on income and the other component is based on capital gains, each as described below. 
 (i) Income based incentive fees 
 The first part of the incentive fee is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, 
 193 

Table o f Contents 

 per quarter annualized). 
 The Company pays its Adviser an income based incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of per quarter annualized); 
 of the dollar amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of annualized). The Company refers to this portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than as the catch-up. This catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds in any calendar quarter; and 
 of the dollar amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of annualized). 
 These calculations are prorated for any period of less than three months, including the first quarter the Company commenced operations, and are adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. 
 (ii) Capital gains incentive fees 
 The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year in an amount equal to of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued income based incentive fees of million and million, respectively, of which and million, respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was million and million, respectively, payable to the Adviser for income based incentive fees. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company accrued capital gains incentive fees of ) million and million, respectively. 
 
 Administration Agreement 
 On October 5, 2020, the Company entered into an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with the Administrator. Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides, or oversees the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of the Company s other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC and other regulators, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of the Company s Board, managing the payment of expenses, the payment of receipt of funds for investments and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. The Company will reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Such reimbursement will include the Company s allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) the Company s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, 
 194 

Table o f Contents 

 term and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the independent trustees. The Company may terminate the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon days written notice. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations. On May 2, 2022, the Administration Agreement was renewed and continued for an additional period ending on May 31, 2023. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in expenses under the Administration Agreement, which were recorded in Administrative service expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, was unpaid and included in Due to affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 
 Sub-Administration Agreement 
 On October 5, 2020, the Administrator entered into a sub-administration agreement (the Sub-Administration Agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company. The sub-administrator will receive compensation for its sub-administrative services under the Sub-Administration Agreement. 
 Intermediary Manager Agreement 
 On October 5, 2020, the Company entered into an intermediary manager agreement (the Intermediary Manager Agreement with Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. (the Intermediary Manager ), an affiliate of the Adviser. Pursuant to the Intermediary Manager Agreement, no upfront transaction fee will be paid with respect to Class S shares, Class D shares or Class I shares, however, if shareholders purchase Class S shares or Class D shares through certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge shareholders transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to a cap on NAV for Class D shares and cap on NAV for Class S shares. Under the terms of the Intermediary Manager Agreement, the Intermediary Manager will serve as the intermediary manager for the Company s public offering of its Common Shares. The Intermediary Manager will be entitled to receive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees monthly in arrears at an annual rate of and of the value of the Company s net assets attributable to Class S and Class D shares, respectively, as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. No shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid with respect to Class I. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be payable to the Intermediary Manager, but the Intermediary Manager anticipates that all or a portion of the shareholder servicing fees and/or distribution fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating brokers. 
 The Company will cease paying the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees on the Class S shares and Class D shares on the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) a merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of the offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with the offering, including the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees and other underwriting compensation, is equal to of the gross proceeds from the primary offering. In addition, consistent with the exemptive relief allowing the Company to offer multiple classes of shares, at the end of the month in which the Intermediary Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees paid with respect to the shares held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (or a lower limit as determined by the Intermediary Manager or the applicable selling agent), the Company will cease paying the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee on the Class S shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account. Compensation paid with respect to the shares in a shareholder s account will be allocated among each share such that the compensation paid with respect to each individual share will not exceed of the offering price of such share. The Company may modify this requirement in a manner that is consistent with applicable exemptive relief. At the end of such month, the Class S shares or Class D shares in such 
 195 

Table o f Contents 

 days written notice to the Intermediary Manager or the Adviser. The Intermediary Manager Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 On October 5, 2020, the Board approved a distribution and servicing plan (the Distribution and Servicing Plan ). Class S shares Class D shares 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees is paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month and subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation. 
 The Intermediary Manager will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding the Company, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Intermediary Manager will waive the shareholder servicing fee and/or distribution that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued distribution and shareholder servicing fees of million and million which were attributable to Class S and Class D shares, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company accrued distribution and shareholder servicing fees of million and million which were attributable to Class S and Class D shares, respectively. 
 
 196 

Table o f Contents 

 Expense Payments and there were Reimbursement Payments made to the Adviser. 
 
 ) February 28, 2021 ) Total ) 
 Controlled/Affiliated Portfolio Companies 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, the Company is required to separately identify non-controlled investments where it owns 5 or more of a portfolio company s outstanding voting securities and/or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company as investments in affiliated companies. In addition, under the 1940 Act, the Company is required to separately identify investments where it owns more than 25 of a portfolio company s outstanding voting securities and/or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company as investments in controlled companies. Under the 1940 Act, non-affiliated investments are defined as investments that are neither controlled investments nor affiliated investments. Detailed information with respect to the Company s non-controlled, non-affiliated; non-controlled, affiliated; and controlled affiliated investments is contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, including the Consolidated Schedule of Investments. 
 On October 11, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and a third-party investor entered into a limited liability company agreement SLC. SLC is a specialty finance company focused on investing in consumer credit and is led by a management team with deep expertise in the consumer finance industry. The investment in SLC allows the Company to gain exposure to a different asset class than its core investing focus of senior secured lending to private U.S. companies. At the time of the transaction, the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the third-party investor each committed million and million, respectively, to SLC. The Company does not consolidate its equity interest in SLC. 
 197 

Table o f Contents 

Note 4. 
 Second lien debt Unsecured debt Structured finance investments Investments in joint ventures Equity investments (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Includes equity investment in SLC. 
 The industry composition of investments at fair value was as follows: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Aerospace Defense Air Freight Logistics Airlines Auto Components Beverages Building Products Capital Markets Chemicals Commercial Services Supplies Construction Materials Construction Engineering Containers Packaging Distributors Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services (1) 
 Diversified Telecommunication Services Electrical Equipment Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Electric Utilities Energy Equipment Services Entertainment Food Products Health Care Equipment Supplies Health Care Providers Services Health Care Technology Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 
 198 

Table o f Contents 

 Industrial Conglomerates Insurance Interactive Media Services Internet Direct Marketing Retail Investments in Joint Ventures IT Services Leisure Products Life Sciences Tools Services Machinery Marine Media Metals Mining Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels Paper Forest Products Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Real Estate Management Development Road Rail Software Specialty Retail Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Trading Companies Distributors Transportation Infrastructure Wireless Telecommunication Services Total 
 
 (1) Includes equity investment in SLC. 
 
 The geographic composition of investments at cost and fair value was as follows 
 December 31, 2022 Cost Fair Value of Total Investments at Fair Value Fair Value as of Net Assets United States Europe Canada Bermuda/Cayman Islands Australia/New Zealand Total December 31, 2021 Cost Fair Value of Total Investments at Fair Value Fair Value as of Net Assets United States Europe Canada Cayman Islands Australia Total 
 199 

Table o f Contents 

 loan and loans in the portfolio were on non-accrual status, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, on a fair value basis, and , respectively, of performing debt investments bore interest at a floating rate and and , respectively, of performing debt investments bore interest at a fixed rate. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Second lien debt Unsecured debt Structured finance obligations Equity investments (1) 
 Total investments Investments Measured at NAV (2) 
 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total First lien debt Second lien debt Unsecured debt Structured finance obligations Equity investments Total investments 
 (1) Includes equity investment in SLC 
 (2) Includes investments in the Emerald JV and Verdelite JV (refer to Note 11). Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 200 

Table o f Contents 

 Purchases of investments Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments ) ) ) ) Accretion of discount/amortization of premium Net realized gain (loss) ) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (1) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Fair value, end of period Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in earnings related to financial instruments still held as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, transfers into or out of Level 3 were primarily due to decreased or increased price transparency. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Structured Finance Investments Equity Total Investments Derivatives (2) 
 Fair value, beginning of period Purchases of investments Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments ) ) ) ) Accretion of discount/amortization of premium Net realized gain (loss) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Fair value, end of period Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in earnings related to financial instruments still held as of December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no transfers into or out of Level 3. 
 (2) Includes the gain (loss) on the Company's forward purchase obligation as well as any unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts. 
 201 

Table o f Contents 

 Yield analysis Discount rate Market quotations Broker quoted price Market approach Performance multiple x x x Investments in second lien debt Yield analysis Discount rate Market quotations Broker quoted price Investments in structured finance Market quotations Broker quoted price Investments in equity Market approach Performance multiple x x x Option pricing model Expected volatility Yield analysis Discount rate Asset Recoverability N/A Total 
 (1) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 
 202 

Table o f Contents 

 Yield analysis Discount rate Market quotations Broker quoted price Investments in second lien debt Yield analysis Discount rate Market quotations Broker quoted price Investments in structured finance Market quotations Broker quoted price Investments in equity Market approach Performance multiple x x x Option pricing model Expected volatility Yield analysis Discount rate Recent transaction Transaction price Total 
 (1) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 The significant unobservable input used in the yield analysis is the discount rate based on comparable market yields. The significant unobservable input used for market quotations are broker quoted prices provided by independent pricing services. The significant unobservable input used under the market approach is the performance multiple. Significant increases in discount rates would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. Significant decreases in quoted prices or performance multiples would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 
 Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value 
 Debt 
 Castle Peak Funding Facility Maroon Peak Funding Facility Summit Peak Funding Facility Denali Peak Funding Facility Bushnell Peak Funding Facility Granite Peak Funding Facility Middle Peak Funding Facility Bison Peak Funding Facility Blanca Peak Funding Facility Windom Peak Funding Facility 
 203 

Table o f Contents 

 Borah Peak Funding Facility 2022-1 BSL WH Naomi Peak Funding Facility Meridian Peak Funding Facility Haydon Peak Funding Facility Bear Peak Funding Facility Revolving Credit Facility June 2024 Notes June 2026 Notes May 2027 Notes October 2027 Notes September 2024 Notes December 2026 Notes November 2026 Eurobonds November 2024 Notes March 2027 Notes January 2025 Notes January 2029 Notes March 2025 Notes April 2026 UK Bonds September 2025 Notes 2021-1 BSL Notes 2021-2 Notes MML 2021-1 Debt MML 2022-1 Debt 2022-1 BSL Debt MML 2022-2 Debt Short-Term Borrowings Total 
 The following table presents the categorization of the Company s debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 had they been accounted for at fair value: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total debt 
 Other Assets and Liabilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of the Company s assets and liabilities, other than investments at fair value and debt, approximate fair value due to their short maturities. These financial instruments would be categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Note 6. 
 
 204 

Table o f Contents 

 Total Derivative assets at fair value Cash collateral received Derivative Liabilities Foreign currency forward contract ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Total Derivative liabilities at fair value ) ) Cash collateral posted 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Fair Value Notional Derivative Assets Foreign currency forward contract Total Derivative assets at fair value Cash collateral received 
 In the tables above: 
 The fair value of derivative assets and derivative liabilities is presented on a gross basis. 
 The notional amount represents the absolute value amount of all outstanding derivative contracts. 
 All foreign currency derivatives are not designated in hedge relationships. 
 All interest rate swaps are designated in fair value hedge relationships. 
 The Company has not applied counterparty netting or collateral netting; as such, the amounts of cash collateral received and posted are not offset against the derivative assets and derivative liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 The table below presents the impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations from derivative assets and derivative liabilities not designated in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 205 

Table o f Contents Total Unrealized gain (loss) ) Realized gain (loss) Foreign currency forward contract ) Interest rate swaps Total Realized gain (loss) ) 
 Hedging 
 The Company designated certain interest rate swaps as the hedging instrument in a qualifying fair value hedge accounting relationship. 
 The table below presents the impact to the Consolidated Statement of Operations from derivative assets and liabilities designated in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship for the year ended December 31, 2022. There we no derivative assets or derivative liabilities designated in a qualifying hedge relationship during the year ended December 31, 2021.) Hedged items 
 The table below presents the carrying value of unsecured borrowings as of December 31, 2022 that are designated in a qualifying hedging relationship and the related cumulative hedging adjustment (increase/decrease) from current and prior hedging relationships included in such carrying values: 
 Description Carrying Value Cumulative Hedging Adjustments Unsecured notes 
 
 Note 7. 
 and , respectively. 
 
 206 

Table o f Contents 

 to per annum depending on the nature of the advances being requested under the credit facility, subject to a floor of . After March 15, 2024, the applicable margin on all outstanding advances will be per annum. Bard Peak Funding pays a commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than or per annum if the unused facility amount is less than or equal to and greater than , based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments until March 15, 2024, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Bard Peak Funding and BNPP. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the credit facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Bard Peak Funding and to make advances under delayed draw term loans and revolving loans where Bard Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The period during which Bard Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Bard Peak Funding Facility expires on March 15, 2024, and the Bard Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by March 15, 2026. 
 On March 15, 2021, concurrent with the closing of the Bard Peak Funding Facility, Maple Park (as defined in Note 8) merged with and into Bard Peak Funding (the Merger pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, with Bard Peak Funding the surviving entity of the Merger. 
 Upon consummation of the Merger, Bard Peak Funding used the proceeds of borrowings under the Bard Peak Funding Facility to repay in full all outstanding indebtedness under the Syndicated Warehouse (as defined in Note 8); and to redeem in full the Subordinated Notes (as defined in Note 8). 
 Castle Peak Funding Facility 
 On January 8, 2021, Castle Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Castle Peak Funding Facility with Citibank, N.A. Citi ). Citi serves as administrative agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, serves as collateral agent, custodian and collateral administrator and the Company serves as collateral manager under the Castle Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances used to finance the purchase or origination of broadly syndicated loans under the Castle Peak Funding Facility initially bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the benchmark in effect for the currency of the applicable advances (which is three-month LIBOR for dollar advances), plus the applicable margin of per annum. Advances used to finance the purchase or origination of middle market loans under the Castle Peak Funding Facility initially bear interest at a per annum rate equal to such applicable benchmark plus the applicable margin of per annum. After January 8, 2024, the applicable margin on outstanding advances will be increased by per annum. Castle Peak Funding pays a commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than or per annum if the unused facility amount is less than or 
 207 

Table o f Contents 

 and greater than , based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments until January 8, 2024, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Castle Peak Funding and Citi. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Castle Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Castle Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Castle Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The period during which Castle Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Castle Peak Funding Facility expires on January 8, 2024, and the Castle Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by January 8, 2026. 
 Maroon Peak Funding Facility 
 On January 28, 2021, Maroon Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Maroon Peak Funding Facility with Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. MS ). Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. serves as administrative agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association, serves as collateral agent and the Company serves as collateral manager under the Maroon Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances may be used to finance the purchase or origination of broadly syndicated loans under the Maroon Peak Funding Facility and bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the three-month term SOFR then in effect plus plus the applicable spread of per annum. Maroon Peak Funding pays a commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Maroon Peak Funding and MS. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Maroon Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Maroon Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Maroon Peak Funding is a lender. 
 All amounts outstanding under the Maroon Peak Funding Facility must be repaid by October 13, 2023. 
 Summit Peak Funding Facility 
 On March 3, 2021, Summit Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility Summit Peak Funding Facility with Soci t G n rale SG ). SG serves as agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, serves as collateral agent, custodian and collateral administrator and the Company serves as servicer under the Summit Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances used to finance the purchase or origination of broadly syndicated loans under the Summit Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a blended per annum rate adjusted monthly based on the proportion of the broadly syndicated loans in the portfolio to the proportion of middle market loans in the portfolio. The rate attributable to broadly syndicated loans equals the benchmark for the currency of the applicable advance (which is three-month term SOFR for dollar advances), plus an applicable margin ranging from for certain foreign currency advances to per annum for U.S. dollar advances. The rate attributable to middle market loans equals such applicable benchmark plus an applicable margin ranging from for certain foreign currency advances to per annum for U.S. dollar advances. Such blended rates are subject to a floor of such applicable benchmark plus for certain foreign currency advances and per annum for dollar advances. Summit Peak Funding pays a commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Summit Peak Funding and SG. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Summit Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Summit Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Summit Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The period during which Summit Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Summit Peak Funding Facility expires on March 1, 2024, and the Summit Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by March 3, 2026. 
 208 

Table o f Contents 

 per annum. After September 30, 2024, the applicable margin on outstanding advances will increase by per annum. Denali Peak Funding is required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing commitments, with unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accruing a fee at a rate equal to the applicable margin described above. In addition, Denali Peak Funding pays an unused commitment fee of per annum on the unused facility amount in excess of such minimum utilization amount. Denali Peak Funding also pays an administrative agency fee to DB, in addition to certain other fees, each as agreed between Denali Peak Funding and DB. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Denali Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Denali Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans where Denali Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The period during which Denali Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Denali Peak Funding Facility expires on September 30, 2024, and the Denali Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by September 30, 2026. 
 Bushnell Peak Funding Facility 
 On May 12, 2021, Bushnell Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Bushnell Peak Funding Facility with Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America ). Bank of America serves as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. serves as collateral administrator and the Company serves as investment adviser under the Bushnell Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances under the Bushnell Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the benchmark for the currency of the applicable advance (which is the daily floating LIBOR rate for dollar advances) plus an applicable margin of to per annum depending on the nature of the advances being requested. Bushnell Peak Funding is required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing commitments, with unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accruing a fee at a rate of per annum. Bushnell Peak Funding also pays an unused fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the financing commitments in excess of such minimum utilization amount, in addition to certain other fees agreed between Bushnell Peak Funding and Bank of America. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Bushnell Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Bushnell Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Bushnell Peak Funding Facility is a lender. 
 The Bushnell Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the credit facility must be repaid by May 12, 2024. 
 Granite Peak Funding Facility 
 On June 17, 2021, Granite Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Granite Peak Funding Facility with Goldman Sachs Bank USA GS ). GS serves as administrative agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, serves as collateral agent, custodian and collateral administrator, and the Company serves as servicer under the Granite Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances under the Granite Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to three-month term SOFR, plus an applicable margin of per annum. Granite Peak Funding pays an unused commitment fee of per annum on the average daily unused commitments under the Granite Peak Funding Facility. The unused commitment fee is payable only when more than of the total commitments under the Granite Peak Funding Facility are unused. Granite Peak Funding also pays to GS an administrative agency fee, in addition to certain other fees, each as agreed between Granite Peak Funding and GS. 
 209 

Table o f Contents 

 per annum, which will increase to per annum effective on June 30, 2024. Middle Peak Funding is required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing commitments, with unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accruing a fee at a rate equal to the interest rate for dollar advances as described above. In addition, Middle Peak Funding pays a commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments in excess of such minimum utilization amount. Middle Peak Funding also pays interest on an interest-only loan in the notional amount of the aggregate commitments under the Middle Peak Funding Facility, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Middle Peak Funding and MS. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Middle Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Middle Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Middle Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The period during which Middle Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Middle Peak Funding Facility expires on June 30, 2024, and the Middle Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by January 3, 2033. 
 Bison Peak Funding Facility 
 On July 23, 2021, Bison Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Bison Peak Funding Facility with Bank of America. Bank of America serves as administrative agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, serves as collateral administrator and the Company serves as manager under the Bison Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances under the Bison Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, in the case of dollar advances, the daily floating LIBOR rate, and in the case of foreign currency advances, the applicable benchmark in effect for such currency, plus an applicable margin adjusted at one-month or three-month intervals based on the proportion of the broadly syndicated loans, large corporate loans and middle market loans in the portfolio, with the applicable margin attributable to broadly syndicated loans equal to per annum, the applicable margin attributable to large corporate loans equal to per annum and the applicable margin applicable to middle market loans equal to per annum. The applicable margin for all advances will increase by per annum effective on July 23, 2024. Bison Peak Funding is required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing commitments, with unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accruing a fee at a rate of per annum. Bison Peak Funding also pays an unused fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the financing commitments in excess of such minimum utilization amount, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Bison Peak Funding and Bank of America. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Bison Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Bison Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Bison Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The Bison Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by July 23, 2026. 
 210 

Table o f Contents 

 per annum. Blanca Peak Funding is required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing commitments, with unused amounts below such minimum utilization percentage accruing a fee at a rate equal to the applicable margin described above. On December 19, 2022, on any date when Blanca Peak Funding is not utilizing more than of the financing commitments, Blanca Peak Funding pays an unused fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the financing commitments in excess of such minimum utilization amount. Blanca Peak Funding also pays to Barclays an administrative agency fee, in addition to certain other fees, each as agreed between Blanca Peak Funding and Barclays. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Blanca Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Blanca Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Blanca Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The period during which Blanca Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Blanca Peak Funding Facility expires on December 19, 2024, and the Blanca Peak Funding Facility matures and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by August 19, 2026. 
 Windom Peak Funding Facility 
 On September 2, 2021, Windom Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Windom Peak Funding Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ). Wells Fargo serves as administrative agent and collateral administrator and the Company serves as investment adviser under the Windom Peak Funding Facility. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Windom Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Windom Peak Funding during the reinvestment period (which, initially, is scheduled to end three years after the closing date of the Windom Peak Funding Facility) and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans in respect of which Windom Peak Funding is a lender. 
 
 Advances under the Windom Peak Funding Facility will bear interest, payable on a monthly basis in arrears, at a per annum rate equal to the benchmark rate for the currency of the applicable advance (which is, daily simple SOFR with respect to dollar advances) plus the applicable margin (which is a blended spread equal to the sum of per annum with respect to any advances backed by broadly-syndicated loans and per annum with respect to any advances backed by recurring revenue loans, middle market loans, first-lien last out loans or second lien loans). 
 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Windom Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Windom Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Windom Peak Funding is a lender. Windom Peak Funding also pays an unused fee of on the daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees, each as agreed between Windom Peak Funding and Wells Fargo. 
 
 The period during which Windom Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Windom Peak Funding Facility expires on September 2, 2024, and the Windom Peak Funding Facility matures and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by September 2, 2026. 
 Monarch Peak Funding Facility 
 On November 3, 2021, Monarch Peak Funding, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Monarch Peak Funding Facility with MUFG Bank, Ltd. MUFG ). MUFG serves as administrative agent, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, serves as collateral agent, collateral custodian and collateral administrator and the Company serves as collateral manager under the Monarch Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances used to finance the purchase or origination of broadly syndicated loans under the Monarch Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to one-month term SOFR, plus the applicable margin of per annum. Advances used to finance the purchase or origination of middle market loans under the Monarch Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to one-month term SOFR plus the applicable margin of per annum. Monarch Peak Funding is required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing comments, with unused amounts below such minimum 
 211 

Table o f Contents 

 per annum. Monarch Peak Funding also pays an unused commitment fee of per annum on a portion of the daily unused commitments under the Monarch Peak Funding Facility in excess of such minimum utilization amounts, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Monarch Peak Funding and MUFG. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Monarch Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Monarch Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Monarch Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The period during which Monarch Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Monarch Peak Funding Facility expires on November 3, 2024, and the Monarch Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by November 3, 2026. 
 Borah Peak Funding Facility 
 On April 4, 2022, Borah Peak Funding LLC entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Borah Peak Funding Facility with Bank of America. Bank of America serves as administrative agent, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas serves as collateral administrator and the Company serves as manager under the Borah Peak Funding Facility. 
 Advances under the Borah Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the one-month term SOFR rate plus the applicable margin of . Effective January 4, 2023, Borah Peak Funding will be required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing commitment, with unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accrue a fee at a rate of per annum. In addition, Borah Peak Funding pays an unused fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the financing commitments in excess of such minimum utilization amount, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Borah Peak Funding and Bank of America. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Borah Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Borah Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Borah Peak Funding is a lender. 
 The Borah Peak Funding Facility matures and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by April 4, 2024. 
 2022-1 BSL WH Funding Facility 
 
 On May 16, 2022, 2022-1 BSL WH entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the 2022-1 BSL WH Funding Facility with Soci t G n rale SG ). SG serves as administrative agent, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas serves as custodian, and the Company serves as collateral manager under the 2022-1 BSL WH Funding Facility. 
 
 Advances under the 2022-1 BSL WH Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to three-month term SOFR plus an applicable margin of per annum. The applicable margin will increase to per annum from and after May 16, 2023, and will increase to per annum from and after November 16, 2023. 
 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the 2022-1 BSL WH Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by 2022-1 BSL WH and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where 2022-1 BSL WH is a lender. 
 
 The period during which 2022-1 BSL WH may make borrowings under the 2022-1 BSL WH Funding Facility expires on May 16, 2023, and the 2022-1 BSL WH Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid no later than May 16, 2023. 
 
 Naomi Peak Funding Facility 
 
 On July 18, 2022, Naomi Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Naomi Peak Funding Facility with Natixis. Natixis, New York Branch serves as administrative agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association serves as collateral agent, collateral administrator and custodian, and the Company serves as collateral manager under the Naomi Peak Funding Facility. 
 
 Advances under the Naomi Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to three-month term SOFR plus an applicable margin of per annum. Naomi Peak Funding pays an unused commitment fee of per annum on the average daily unused revolving commitments under the Naomi Peak Funding Facility, which fee shall increase to per annum for any day on or after January 18, 2023 on which more than of the revolving commitments are unused, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Naomi Peak Funding and Natixis. 
 212 

Table o f Contents 

million, of which million was funded as a term loan after the closing date and of which million consists of a revolving credit commitment. Proceeds from borrowings under the Naomi Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Naomi Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Naomi Peak Funding is a lender. 
 
 The period during which Naomi Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Naomi Peak Funding Facility expires on July 18, 2024, and the Naomi Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by July 18, 2031. 
 
 Meridian Peak Funding Facility 
 
 On August 16, 2022, Meridian Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Meridian Peak Funding Facility with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Mass Mutual ). Wilmington Trust, National Association serves as administrative agent, collateral agent and custodian, and the Company serves as equity holder and collateral manager under the Meridian Peak Funding Facility. 
 
 Advances under the Meridian Peak Funding Facility bear interest initially at a per annum rate equal to three-month term SOFR plus an applicable margin of per annum. Effective August 16, 2023, Meridian Peak Funding will be required to utilize a minimum percentage of the financing commitments, with unused amounts below such minimum utilization amount accruing a fee at a rate of per annum, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Meridian Peak Funding and Mass Mutual. 
 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Meridian Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Meridian Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Meridian Peak Funding is a lender. 
 
 The period during which Meridian Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Meridian Peak Funding Facility expires on August 16, 2025, and the Meridian Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the credit facility must be repaid by August 16, 2030. 
 
 Haydon Peak Funding Facility 
 
 O n October 7, 2022, Haydon Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Haydon Peak Funding Facility with HSBC Bank USA, National Association HSBC ). HSBC serves as administrative agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, serves as collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian, and the Company serves as servicer and transferor under the Haydon Peak Funding Facility. 
 
 Advances under the Haydon Peak Funding Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the benchmark in effect for the currency of the applicable advance (which is one- or three-month term SOFR or daily simple SOFR, at the election of Haydon Peak Funding, in the case of dollar advances), plus an applicable margin ranging from to per annum depending on the nature of the advances being requested under the credit facility. Effective April 7, 2023, Haydon Peak Funding will pay an unused commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than , based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between Haydon Peak Funding and HSBC. 
 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Haydon Peak Funding Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Haydon Peak Funding and to make advances under revolving loans or delayed draw term loans where Haydon Peak Funding is a lender. 
 
 The period during which Haydon Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Haydon Peak Funding Facility expires on October 7, 2025, and the Haydon Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the credit facility must be repaid by October 7, 2027. 
 Bear Peak Funding Facility 
 
 On October 10, 2022, Bear Peak Funding entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Bear Peak Funding Facility with BNPP. GLAS USA LLC serves as administrative agent, GLAS Trust Corporation Limited serves as collateral agent, and the Company serves as servicer under the Bear Peak Funding Facility. 
 213 

Table o f Contents 

per annum. Effective February 10, 2023, Bear Peak Funding will pay a commitment fee of per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than or per annum if the unused facility amount is less than or equal to and greater than , based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments. Bear Peak Funding also pays BNPP an arranger fee, in addition to certain other fees, each as agreed between Bear Peak Funding and BNPP. 
 
 The current principal amount as of December 31, 2022 is million. Proceeds from borrowings under the credit facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by Bear Peak Funding and to make advances under delayed draw term loans and revolving loans where Bear Peak Funding is a lender. 
 
 The period during which Bear Peak Funding may make borrowings under the Bear Peak Funding Facility expires on October 10, 2025, and the Bear Peak Funding Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the facility must be repaid by October 10, 2027. 
 
 million. Proceeds from the borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. The period during which the Company may make borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility expires on May 6, 2026, and the Revolving Credit Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding under the credit facility must be repaid by May 6, 2027, pursuant to an amortization schedule. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, (x) for loans for which the Company elects the base rate option, the alternate base rate (which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate as publicly announced by Citi, (b) the sum of (i) the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System plus (ii) , and (c) one month adjusted term SOFR plus per annum) plus (A) if the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than times the combined revolving debt amount, , or (B) if the gross borrowing base is less than times the combined revolving debt amount, , and (y) for all other loans, the applicable benchmark rate for the related Interest Period for such Borrowing plus (A) if the gross borrowing base is equal to or greater than times the combined revolving debt amount, , or (B) if the gross borrowing base is less than times the combined revolving debt amount, . The Company pays an unused fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolver commitments. The Company will pay letter of credit participation fees and a fronting fee on the average daily amount of any lender s exposure with respect to any letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The Company s obligations to the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 
 In connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. In addition, the Company must comply with the following financial covenants: (a) the Company must maintain a minimum shareholders equity, measured as of each fiscal quarter end; and (b) the Company must maintain at all times a asset coverage ratio. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, Citi may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility immediately due and payable. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 214 

Table o f Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of its Series A Senior Notes (the June 2024 Notes to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The June 2024 Notes were issued on June 21, 2021 and will mature on June 21, 2024 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company or its affiliates in accordance with their terms. Interest on the June 2024 Notes will be due semiannually on June 3 and December 3. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the June 2024 Notes at par if certain change in control events occur. The June 2024 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. In addition, in the event that June 2024 notes receive a below investment grade rating by either one rating agency if there are only one or two rating agencies providing ratings of the June 2024 Notes, or two-thirds of the rating agencies if there are three rating agencies who are rating the notes (a Below Investment Grade Event ), the June 2024 Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of per year from the date of the occurrence of the Below Investment Grade Event to and until the date on which the Below Investment Grade Event is no longer continuing. 
 In connection with the June 2024 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the June 2024 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 June 2026 Notes 
 On August 17, 2021, the Company entered into the first supplement (the First Supplement to the 2021 Note Purchase Agreement, governing the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of its Series B Senior Notes (the June 2026 Notes to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The June 2026 Notes were issued on June 21, 2021 and will mature on June 21, 2026 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company or its affiliates in accordance with their terms. Interest on the June 2026 Notes will be due semiannually on February 17 and August 17. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the June 2026 Notes at par if certain change in control events occur. The June 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. In addition, in the event of a Below Investment Grade Event, the June 2026 Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of per year from the date of the occurrence of the Below Investment Grade Event to and until the date on which the Below Investment Grade Event is no longer continuing. 
 May 2027 Notes 
 On May 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the May 2022 Note Purchase Agreement governing the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount Series A Senior Notes (the May 2027 Notes to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The May 2027 Notes were issued on May 3, 2022 and will mature on May 3, 2027 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company or its affiliates in accordance with their terms. Interest on the May 2027 Notes will be due semiannually. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the May 2027 Notes at par if certain change in control events occur. The May 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. In addition, in the event that a Below Investment Grade Event occurs, the May 2027 Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of per year from the date of the occurrence of the Below Investment Grade Event to and until the date on which the Below Investment Grade Event is no longer continuing. 
 In connection with the May 2027 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of 
 215 

Table o f Contents 

 on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the May 2027 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 October 2027 Notes 
 On October 11, 2022, the Company entered into a Master Note Purchase Agreement (the October 2022 Note Purchase Agreement governing the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of its Series D Senior Notes (the October 2027 Notes to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The October 2027 Notes were issued on October 11, 2022 for an aggregate issue price of million, or per 1,000 principal amount of the October 2027 Notes, and will mature on October 11, 2027 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company or its affiliates in accordance with their terms. Interest on the Notes will be due semiannually. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the October 2027 Notes at par if certain change in control events occur. The October 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. In addition, in the event that a Below Investment Grade Event (as defined in the October 2022 Note Purchase Agreement) occurs, the October 2027 Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of per year from the date of the occurrence of the Below Investment Grade Event to and until the date on which the Below Investment Grade Event is no longer continuing. 
 In connection with the October 2027 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of three-month term SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the October 2027 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 
 of the principal amount of such Unsecured Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements of each of the Unsecured Notes. 
 September 2024 Notes 
 On September 15, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2024 (the September 2024 Notes pursuant to an indenture (the Base Indenture and a supplemental indenture, each dated as of September 15, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the September 2024 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, the Trustee ). 
 The September 2024 Notes will mature on September 15, 2024 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the September 2024 Notes Indenture. The September 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2022. The September 2024 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the September 2024 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured 
 216 

Table o f Contents 

 and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the September 2024 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 December 2026 Notes 
 On September 15, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2026 (the December 2026 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the December 2026 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 The December 2026 Notes will mature on December 15, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the December 2026 Notes Indenture. The December 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on June 15, 2022. The December 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the December 2026 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 On October 13, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2026 December 2026 Notes Upsize under the Company's Base Indenture and December 2026 Notes Indenture. The December 2026 Notes Upsize were issued as Additional Notes under the December 2026 Notes Indenture and have identical terms to the Company's million December 2026 Notes that were issued on September 15, 2021, other than the issue date and the issue price. The December 2026 Notes Upsize will be treated as a single class of notes with the December 2026 Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 
 In connection with the December 2026 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the December 2026 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 November 2026 Eurobonds 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2026 (the November 2026 Eurobonds pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of November 2, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the November 2026 Eurobonds Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 The November 2026 Eurobonds will mature on November 30, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the November 2026 Eurobonds Indenture. The November 2026 Eurobonds bear interest at a rate of per year payable annually on November 30 of each year, commencing on November 30, 2021. The November 2026 Eurobonds are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the November 2026 Eurobonds, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 217 

Table o f Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2024 (the November 2024 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of November 22, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the November 2024 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
 The November 2024 Notes will mature on November 22, 2024 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the November 2024 Notes Indenture. The November 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on May 22 and November 22 of each year, commencing on May 22, 2022. The November 2024 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the November 2024 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 In connection with the November 2024 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the November 2024 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 March 2027 Notes 
 On November 22, 2021, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of notes due 2024 (the March 2027 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of November 22, 2021 (and together with the Base Indenture, the March 2027 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee. 
 The March 2027 Notes will mature on March 15, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the March 2027 Notes Indenture. The March 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2022. The March 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the March 2027 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 January 2025 Notes 
 
 On January 18, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due in 2025 (the January 2025 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of January 18, 2022 (and together with the Base Indenture, the January 2025 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
 The January 2025 Notes will mature on January 15, 2025 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the January 2025 Notes Indenture. The January 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2022. The January 2025 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the January 2025 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 In connection with the January 2025 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. 
 218 

Table o f Contents 

 and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the January 2025 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 
 January 2029 Notes 
 
 On January 18, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due in 2029 (the January 2029 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of January 18, 2022 (and together with the Base Indenture, the January 2029 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
 The January 2029 Notes will mature on January 15, 2029 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the January 2029 Notes Indenture. The January 2029 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2022. The January 2029 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the January 2029 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 March 2025 Notes 
 
 On March 24, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due in 2025 (the March 2025 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of March 24, 2022 (and together with the Base Indenture, the March 2025 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
 The March 2025 Notes will mature on March 24, 2025 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the March 2025 Notes Indenture. The March 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on March 24 and September 24 of each year, commencing on September 24, 2022. The March 2025 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the March 2025 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 In connection with the March 2025 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on notional amounts of million and million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the March 2025 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 
 April 2026 UK Bonds 
 
 On April 14, 2022, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of its notes due 2026 (the April 2026 UK Bonds pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of April 14, 2022 (and together with the Base Indenture, the April 2026 UK Bonds Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
 The April 2026 UK Bonds will mature on April 14, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the April 2026 UK Bonds Indenture. The April 2026 UK Bonds bear interest at a rate of per year payable annually on April 14 of each year, commencing April 14, 2023. The April 2026 UK Bonds are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the April 2026 UK Bonds, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 219 

Table o f Contents 

and pays a floating interest rate of SONIA + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the April 2026 UK Bonds in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 
 September 2025 Notes 
 
 On September 27, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of notes due in 2025 (the September 2025 Notes pursuant to a supplemental indenture, dated as of September 27, 2022 (and together with the Base Indenture, the September 2025 Notes Indenture ), to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
 The September 2025 Notes will mature on September 29, 2025 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the September 2025 Notes Indenture. The September 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on March 29 and September 29 of each year, commencing on March 29, 2023. The September 2025 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the September 2025 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 In connection with the September 2025 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the September 2025 Notes in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2025 September 2025 Notes Upsize under the Company's Base Indenture and September 2025 Notes Indenture. The September 2025 Notes Upsize were issued as Additional Notes under the September 2025 Notes Indenture and have identical terms to the Company's million September 2025 Notes that were issued on September 27, 2022, other than the issue date and the issue price. The September 2026 Notes Upsize will be treated as a single class of notes with the September 2026 Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 
 
 In connection with the September 2025 Notes Upsize, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of the Company s liabilities with the investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of SOFR + on a notional amount of million. The Company designated this interest rate swap and the September 2025 Notes Upsize in a qualifying hedge accounting relationship. 
 
 million term debt securitization (the 2021-1 BSL Debt Securitization ), million of which was funded on the closing date. Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes and subject to its overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the 2021-1 BSL Debt Securitization (collectively, the 2021-1 BSL Notes were issued by BCRED BSL CLO 2021-1, Ltd. BCRED BSL CLO Issuer ), a special purpose vehicle with its ordinary shares owned in a Cayman Islands charitable trust, and BCRED BSL CLO 2021-1, LLC, wholly-owned subsidiary of BCRED BSL CLO Issuer (collectively, the 2021-1 BSL Issuers ), and are secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured loans and participation interests therein. The Company holds the subordinated notes of BCRED BSL CLO Issuer representing a residual economic interest in BCRED BSL CLO Issuer. 
 220 

Table o f Contents 

 L + 
 Aaa Class B Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate L + 
 Aa2 Class C Notes Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate L + 
 A2 Class D Notes Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate L + 
 Baa3 Class E Notes (1) Junior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate L + 
 Ba3 Total Secured Notes Subordinated Notes (2) None Not rated Total 2021-1 BSL Notes 
 (1) The Class E Notes were initially issued as unfunded, undrawn class of notes, in the amount of million, that may be funded after closing at direction of the Company. 
 
 The 2021-1 BSL Notes mature in July 2034, unless redeemed by the 2021-1 BSL Issuers, at the direction of the Company as holder of the Subordinated Notes on any business day after July 20, 2023. In connection with the sale and contribution, the Company has made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the 2021-1 BSL Issuers. The Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are the secured obligations of the 2021-1 BSL Issuers and the Class E Notes and Subordinated Notes are the unsecured obligations of BCRED BSL CLO Issuer. The indenture governing the 2021-1 BSL Notes includes customary covenants and events of default. 
 
 The 2021-1 BSL Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 
 The Company serves as collateral manager to BCRED BSL CLO Issuer under a collateral management agreement and has agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 
 221 

Table o f Contents 

 million term debt securitization (the 2021-2 Debt Securitization ). Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes and subject to its overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the 2021-2 Debt Securitization (collectively, the 2021-2 Notes were issued by BCRED BSL CLO 2021-2, Ltd. BCRED BSL CLO 2 Issuer ), a special purpose vehicle with its ordinary shares owned in a Cayman Islands charitable trust, and BCRED BSL CLO 2021-2, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BCRED BSL CLO 2 Issuer (collectively, the 2021-2 Issuers ), and are secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured loans and participation interests therein. The Company holds the subordinated notes of BCRED BSL CLO 2 Issuer representing a residual economic interest in BCRED BSL CLO 2 Issuer. 
 L + 
 Aaa Class A Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate L + 
 Aaa Class B Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate L + 
 Aa2 Class C Notes Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate L + 
 Not rated Class D Notes Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate L + 
 Not rated Total Secured Notes Subordinated Notes (1) None Not rated Total 2021-2 Notes 

The 2021-2 Notes mature in October 2034, unless redeemed by the 2021-2 Issuers, at the direction of the Company as holder of the Subordinated Notes on any business day after October 20, 2023. In connection with the sale and contribution, the Company has made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the 2021-2 Issuers. The Class A-L Loans, Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are the secured obligations of the 2021-2 Issuers and the Subordinated Notes are the unsecured obligations of BCRED BSL CLO 2 Issuer. The indenture governing the 2021-2 Notes and the credit agreement governing the Class A-L Loans include customary covenants and events of default. 
 
 The 2021-2 Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 
 The Company serves as collateral manager to BCRED BSL CLO 2 Issuer. under a collateral management agreement and has agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 
 222 

Table o f Contents 

 million term debt securitization (the MML 2021-1 Debt Securitization ). Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes and subject to its overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the MML 2021-1 Debt Securitization (collectively, the MML 2021-1 Notes were issued by BCRED MML CLO 2021-1 LLC (the MML 2021-1 Issuer ), a wholly-owned and consolidated (for tax and accounting purposes) subsidiary of the Company, and are primarily secured by a diversified portfolio of middle market loans and participation interests therein. 
 L + 
 Aaa Class A Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate L + 
 Aaa Class B Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate L + 
 Aa2 Class C Notes Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate L + 
 A2 Total Secured Notes Subordinated Notes (1) None Not rated Total MML 2021-1 Notes 

The Company retained all of the Subordinated Notes issued in the Debt Securitization in part in exchange for the Company s sale and contribution to the Issuer of the initial closing date portfolio. The Debt is scheduled to mature on January 15, 2035; however the Debt may be redeemed by the Issuer, at the direction of the Company as holder of the Subordinated Notes, on any business day after December 15, 2023. In connection with the sale and contribution, the Company has made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the Issuer. The Class A Notes, the Class A Loans, Class B Notes and Class C Notes are secured obligations of the Issuer, the Subordinated Notes are the unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and the indenture governing the Notes and the credit agreement governing the Class A Loans, each include customary covenants and events of default. 
 
 The MML 2021-1 Debt has not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 
 The Company serves as collateral manager to the MML 2021-1 Issuer under a collateral management agreement and has agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 
 2022-1 MML Debt Securitization 
 
 On March 15, 2022, the Company completed a billion term debt securitization (the MML 2022-1 Debt Securitization ). Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes and subject to its overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the MML 2022-1 Debt Securitization (collectively, the MML 2022-1 Notes were issued by BCRED MML CLO 2022-1 LLC (the MML 2022-1 Issuer ), a wholly-owned and consolidated (for tax and accounting purposes) subsidiary of the Company, and are primarily secured by a diversified portfolio of middle market loans and participation interests therein. 
 
 223 

Table o f Contents 

 SOFR + 
 Aaa Class A-2 Notes Senior Secured Fixed Aaa Class B Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate SOFR + 
 Aa2 Class C Notes Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate SOFR + 
 A2 Total Secured Notes Subordinated Notes (1) None Not rated Total MML 2022-1 Notes 
 (1) The Company retained all of the Subordinated Notes issued in the MML 2022-1 Debt Securitization which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The Company retained all of the Subordinated Notes issued in the MML 2022-1 Debt Securitization in part in exchange for the Company s sale and contribution to the MML 2022-1 Issuer of the initial closing date portfolio. The MML 2022-1 Notes are scheduled to mature on April 20, 2035; however the MML 2022-1 Notes may be redeemed by the MML 2022-1 Issuer, at the direction of the Company as holder of the Subordinated Notes, on any business day after April 20, 2024. In connection with the sale and contribution, the Company has made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the MML 2022-1 Issuers. The Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes are secured obligations of the MML 2022-1 Issuer, the Subordinated Notes are the unsecured obligations of the MML 2022-1 Issuer, and the indenture governing the MML 2022-1 Notes includes customary covenants and events of default. 
 
 MML 2022-1 Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 
 The Company serves as collateral manager to the MML 2022-1 Issuer under a collateral management agreement and has agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 
 
 2022-1 BSL Debt Securitization 
 
 On June 9, 2022, the Company completed a million term debt securitization (the 2022-1 BSL Debt Securitization ). Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes and subject to its overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the 2022-1 BSL Debt Securitization (collectively, the 2022-1 BSL Notes were issued by BCRED BSL CLO 2022-1, Ltd. (the 2022-1 BSL Issuer ), a wholly-owned and consolidated (for tax and accounting purposes) subsidiary of the Company, and BCRED BSL CLO 2022-1, LLC (the 2022-1 BSL Co-Issuer ), and are primarily secured by a diversified portfolio of broadly syndicated loans and participation interests therein. 
 
 224 

Table o f Contents 

 SOFR + 
 Aaa (sf) Class A-1B Notes Senior Secured Fixed Rate Aaa (sf) Class A-2 Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate SOFR + 
 AAA (sf) Class B-1 Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate SOFR + 
 AA (sf) Class B-2 Notes Senior Secured Fixed Rate AA (sf) Class C Notes (1) Secured Deferrable Floating Rate SOFR + 
 A (sf) Class D Notes (1) Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate SOFR + 
 BBB- (sf) Class E Notes (1) Junior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate SOFR + 
 BB- (sf) Total Secured Notes Subordinated Notes (1) None Not rated Total MML 2022-1 Notes (1) The Company retained all of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued in the 2022-1 BSL Debt Securitization which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The Company retained all of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued in the 2022-1 BSL Debt Securitization. The 2022-1 BSL Notes are scheduled to mature on July 20, 2035; however the 2022-1 BSL Notes may be redeemed by the 2022-1 BSL Issuer, at the direction of the Company as holder of the Subordinated Notes, on any business day after, in the case of any Class of Notes other than the Class A-1 Notes, July 20, 2024, and in the case of the Class A-1 Notes, July 20, 2035. The Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are secured obligations of the 2022-1 BSL Issuer and the 2022-1 BSL Co-Issuer, the Class E Notes are the secured obligations of the 2022-1 BSL Issuer, the Subordinated Notes are the unsecured obligations of the 2022-1 BSL Issuer, and the indenture governing the 2022-1 BSL Notes includes customary covenants and events of default. 
 
 The 2022-1 BSL Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 
 The Company serves as collateral manager to the 2022-1 BSL Issuer under a collateral management agreement and has agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 
 
 2022-2 MML Debt Securitization 
 
 On August 12, 2022, the Company completed a million term debt securitization (the MML 2022-2 Debt Securitization ). Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes and subject to its overall asset coverage requirement. The notes and loans offered in the MML 2022-2 Debt Securitization (collectively, the Debt were issued (or incurred, as applicable) by BCRED MML CLO 2022-2 LLC (the MML 2022-2 Issuer ), a wholly-owned and consolidated (for tax and accounting purposes) subsidiary of the Company, and are primarily secured by a diversified portfolio of middle market loans and participation interests therein. 
 
 225 

Table o f Contents 

 SOFR + 
 Aaa (sf) Class B-1 Notes Senior Secured Floating Rate SOFR + 
 Aa2 Class B-2 Notes Senior Secured Fixed Rate Aa2 Class C Notes (1) Mezzanine Secured Deferrable Floating Rate SOFR + 
 A2 Total Secured Notes Subordinated Notes (1) Subordinated B None Not rated Total Debt 
 (1) The Company retained all of the Class C Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued in the 2022-2 MML Debt Securitization which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The Company retained all of the Class C Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued in the MML 2022-2 Debt Securitization in part in exchange for the Company s sale and contribution to the MML 2022-2 Issuer of the initial closing date portfolio. The Debt is scheduled to mature on July 18, 2034; however the Debt may be redeemed by the MML 2022-2 Issuer, at the direction of the Company as holder of the Subordinated Notes, on any business day after August 12, 2024. In connection with the sale and contribution, the Company has made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the Issuers. The Class A-L Loans, Class B-1 Notes, Class B-2 Notes and Class C Notes are secured obligations of the MML 2022-2 Issuer, the Subordinated Notes are the unsecured obligations of the MML 2022-2 Issuer, and the indenture governing the Debt includes customary covenants and events of default. 
 
 The Debt has not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 
 The Company serves as collateral manager to the MML 2022-2 Issuer under a collateral management agreement and has agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 

million as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of short-term borrowings under the Repurchase Agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, short-term borrowings under the Repurchase Agreements bore interest at an average applicable margin of and per annum, respectively. 
 226 

Table o f Contents 

 million and million of borrowings under Short Term Financing Transactions with third parties. Certain of the Company's investments serve as collateral for the Company's obligations under the Short Term Financing Transactions and the carrying value of pledged investments was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Short-term borrowings under Short Term Financing Transactions bore interest at an applicable margin of and per annum as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Castle Peak Funding Facility (3) Maroon Peak Funding Facility Summit Peak Funding Facility (3) Denali Peak Funding Facility Bushnell Peak Funding Facility Granite Peak Funding Facility Middle Peak Funding Facility Bison Peak Funding Facility Blanca Peak Funding Facility Windom Peak Funding Facility (3) Monarch Peak Funding Facility Borah Peak Funding Facility 2022-1 BSL WH Naomi Peak Funding Facility Meridian Peak Funding Facility Haydon Peak Funding Facility Bear Peak Funding Facility (3) Revolving Credit Facility (4) June 2024 Notes (5) June 2026 Notes May 2027 Notes (5) October 2027 Notes (5) 
 227 

Table o f Contents 

 December 2026 Notes (5) November 2026 Eurobonds November 2024 Notes (5) March 2027 Notes January 2025 Notes (5) January 2029 Notes March 2025 Notes (5) April 2026 UK Bonds (5) September 2025 Notes (5) 2021-1 BSL Notes 2021-2 Notes MML 2021-1 Debt MML 2022-1 Debt 2022-1 BSL Debt MML 2022-2 Debt Short-Term Borrowings Total 
 (1) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees, if any, are based. 
 (2) The amount available reflects any limitations related to each respective credit facility s borrowing base. 
 (3) Under certain SPV Financing Facilities, the company is permitted to borrow in USD and currencies other currencies. 
 Under the Bard Peak Funding Facility, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Canadian Dollars (CAD) million 
 Euros (EUR) million 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 Under the Castle Peak Funding Facility, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Canadian Dollars (CAD) million 
 Euros (EUR) million 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 Under the Summit Peak Funding Facility, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Canadian Dollars (CAD) million 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 Under the Windom Peak Funding Facility, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 Under the Bear Peak Funding Facility, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Euros (EUR) million 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 (4) Under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company is permitted to borrow in USD or certain other currencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Canadian Dollars (CAD) million 
 Euros (EUR) million 
 British Pounds (GBP) million 
 Swiss Franc (CHF) million 
 (5) Carrying value is inclusive of adjustment for the change in fair value of effective hedge relationship. 
 
 228 

Table o f Contents 

 Castle Peak Funding Facility (3) Maroon Peak Funding Facility Summit Peak Funding Facility (3) Denali Peak Funding Facility Bushnell Peak Funding Facility Granite Peak Funding Facility Middle Peak Funding Facility Bison Peak Funding Facility Blanca Peak Funding Facility Windom Peak Funding Facility (3) Monarch Peak Funding Facility Revolving Credit Facility (4) June 2024 Notes June 2026 Notes September 2024 Notes December 2026 Notes November 2026 Eurobonds (5) November 2024 Notes March 2027 Notes 2021-1 BSL Notes 2021-2 Notes MML 2021-1 Debt Short-Term Borrowings Total 
 (1) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees, if any, are based. 
 (2) The amount available reflects any limitations related to each respective credit facility s borrowing base. 
 (3) Under certain SPV Financing Facilities, the company is permitted to borrow in USD and certain other currencies. 
 Under the Castle Peak Funding Facility, as of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 Canadian Dollars (CAD) million. 
 British Pounds (GBP) million. 
 Under the Summit Peak Funding Facility, the Company had borrowings of CAD million. 
 Under the Windom Peak Funding Facility, the Company had borrowings of GBP million. 
 (4) Under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may borrow in USD or certain other currencies. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings denominated in the following currencies: 
 CAD million and 
 GBP million. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, of interest expense and million and million, respectively, of unused commitment fees were included in interest payable. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average interest rate on all borrowings outstanding was and , respectively (including unused fees and accretion of net discounts on unsecured debt) and the average principal debt outstanding was million and million, respectively. 
 229 

Table o f Contents 

 Facility unused fees Accretion of original issue discount Amortization of financing costs and debt issuance costs Gain (loss) from interest rate swaps accounted for as hedges and the related hedged items: Interest rate swaps Hedged items ) Total interest expense Cash paid for interest expense 

Note 8. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, from time to time, the Adviser and its affiliates may commit to an investment on behalf of the investment vehicles it manages, including the Company. Certain terms of these investments are not finalized at the time of the commitment and each respective investment vehicles allocation may change prior to the date of funding. In this regard, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company estimates that it had million and million, respectively, of investments that are committed but not yet funded. 
 
 The Adviser agreed to bear all of the Company s expenses, including organization and offering expenses, through January 7, 2021, the date on which the Company broke escrow for the initial offering of its Common Shares, on which date the Company became obligated to reimburse the Adviser for such advanced expenses upon breaking escrow for the offering. 
 From time to time, the Company may become a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business. At December 31, 2022, management is not aware of any pending or threatened material litigation. 
 Warehousing Transactions 
 The Company entered into two warehousing transactions whereby the Company agreed, subject to certain conditions, to purchase certain assets from parties unaffiliated with the Adviser. Such warehousing transactions were designed to assist the Company in deploying capital upon receipt of subscription proceeds. One of these warehousing transactions related primarily to originated or anchor investments in middle market loans (the Facility Agreement ). The other warehouse related primarily to broadly syndicated loans (the Syndicated Warehouse and, together with Facility Agreement, the Warehousing Transactions ). 
 230 

Table o f Contents 

 million (the Capital Condition ), the Company, or its designee, has a forward obligation to purchase certain investments (the Portfolio Investments from the Financing Provider, who is obligated to sell such investments. The Portfolio Investments will generally consist of originated and anchor loans to private companies consistent with the Company s investment strategy. Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, the Company may request that the Financing Provider acquire such Portfolio Investments as the Company may designate from time to time, which the Financing Provider can approve or reject in its sole and absolute discretion. The Company elected to purchase, and in certain events the Company was required to purchase, from the Financing Provider one or more Portfolio Investments on or before June 30, 2021 (the Facility End Date ). Prior to any sale to the Company, the Portfolio Investments will be owned and held solely for the account of the Financing Provider. Until such time as the Company satisfied the Capital Condition, which occurred on January 7, 2021, it had no obligation to purchase the Portfolio Investments nor be entitled to any benefits or subject to any obligations under the Facility Agreement unless it waived the Capital Condition. In consideration for the forward arrangement provided by the Financing Provider (the amount of the arrangement will not exceed million prior to December 15, 2020, not exceed million on or after December 15, 2020 and prior to December 28, 2020, not exceed million on or after December 28, 2020 and prior to January 18, 2021 and will not exceed million on or after January 18, 2021 up to the Facility End Date (the Financing Amount ), the Company has agreed to pay, subject to satisfying the Capital Condition, certain fees and expenses to the Financing Provider, including (i) a financing fee at an annual rate of LIBOR plus multiplied by the sum of the relevant principal amount for each Portfolio Investment, (ii) an unused fee at an annual rate of of the unused Financing Amount and (iii) a structuring fee equal to million which is payable on the earlier of the termination date or the Facility End Date. As a general matter, the price the Company would pay to purchase any Portfolio Investment from the Financing Provider equals the cash amount paid by the Financing Provider subject to adjustment for, among other things, principal repayments and interest amounts earned by the Financing Provider. 
 Effective January 7, 2021, the Company had a contractual obligation to acquire all assets under the Facility Agreement through a forward purchase agreement on or before June 30, 2021. The mark-to-market gain/loss of all investments held by the Financing Provider, in addition to other economic rights and obligations held by the Company, are recognized in the Company s consolidated financial statements. These gains (losses) are realized at the time the Company settles on the purchases of each underlying asset from the Financing Provider. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company acquired million of investments from the Financing Provider, resulting in net realized gains of million. 
 Following the acquisition of all the assets held by the Financing Provider, the Facility Agreement was terminated on June 22, 2021. 
 Syndicated Warehouse 
 On November 3, 2020, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the PSA with Sente Master Fund, L.P. and Vibrant Ambar Fund, Ltd. (together, the Sellers ). Under the PSA, if the Company has raised at least million of equity capital by April 15, 2021, then the Company or its designee must arrange one or more transactions sufficient to repay all outstanding amounts under the Syndicated Warehouse with commitments of up to million of Maple Park CLO, Ltd. Maple Park ), an entity expected to hold primarily broadly syndicated loans with a target portfolio size of million that is managed by an affiliate of the Company, and to redeem in full the subordinated notes (the Subordinated Notes issued by Maple Park. The Company satisfied the condition described above on January 7, 2021. 
 Under the PSA, this transaction may be structured to include a purchase by the Company or its designee of the Subordinated Notes, if any, held by the unaffiliated Sellers. The purchase price to be paid to the Sellers (the Purchase Price would equal (i) the notional amount of the Subordinated Notes held by the Sellers and (ii) the Sellers pro rata share of interest and fee collections on the portfolio of loans held by Maple Park in excess of the outstanding advances under the Syndicated Warehouse. In addition, at any time prior to April 15, 2021, the Company or its designee will have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase the Subordinated Notes held by the Sellers at the Purchase Price. 
 On January 8, 2021, the Company exercised its right to acquire the equity interests of the Syndicated Warehouse, effectively acquiring the assets and liabilities of Maple Park for a total purchase price of million, which included million paid to a minority interest holder shortly thereafter. This transaction resulted in a realized gain of million, which 
 231 

Table o f Contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Total assets LIABILITIES Debt Payable for investments purchased Interest payable Total liabilities NET ASSETS Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets 
 
 Note 9. 
 Share transfers between classes Distributions reinvested Share repurchases ) ) Early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) CLASS S Subscriptions Share transfers between classes ) ) Distributions reinvested Share repurchases ) ) Early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) CLASS D Subscriptions Share transfers between classes ) ) Distributions reinvested Share repurchases ) ) Early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) Total net increase (decrease) 
 232 

Table o f Contents 

 Share transfers between classes Distributions reinvested Share repurchases ) ) Early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) CLASS S Subscriptions Share transfers between classes ) ) Distributions reinvested Share repurchases ) ) Early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) CLASS D Subscriptions Share transfers between classes ) ) Distributions reinvested Share repurchases Early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) Total net increase (decrease) 
 Net Asset Value per Share and Offering Price 
 The Company determines NAV for each class of shares as of the last day of each calendar month. Share issuances related to monthly subscriptions are effective the first calendar day of each month. Shares are issued at an offering price equivalent to the most recent NAV per share available for each share class, which will be the prior calendar day NAV per share (i.e. the prior month-end NAV). February 28, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 233 

Table o f Contents 

 February 28, 2021 March 31, 2021 April 30, 2021 May 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 31, 2021 August 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 31, 2021 November 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 
 (1) Class D commenced on May 1, 2021, at which time the Company first accepted subscriptions at a NAV per share of . 
 Distributions 
 The Board authorizes and declares monthly distribution amounts per share of Class I, Class S and Class D Common Shares. 
 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 
 234 

Table o f Contents 

 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 
 Class D Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 26, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 24, 2022 February 23, 2022 February 28, 2022 March 25, 2022 March 23, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 28, 2022 April 20, 2022 April 30, 2022 May 27, 2022 May 24, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 29, 2022 June 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 27, 2022 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 July 20, 2022 August 21, 2022 September 1, 2022 (1) August 24, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 September 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 26, 2022 October 19, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 29, 2022 November 23, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 29, 2022 December 5, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 
 (1) Represents a special distribution. 
 235 

Table o f Contents 

 February 24, 2021 February 28, 2021 March 29, 2021 March 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 April 28, 2021 April 23, 2021 April 30, 2021 May 26, 2021 May 25, 2021 May 31, 2021 June 28, 2021 June 29, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 28, 2021 June 29, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 28, 2021 (1) July 21, 2021 July 31, 2021 August 27, 2021 August 25, 2021 August 31, 2021 September 28, 2021 September 27, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 27, 2021 October 25, 2021 October 31, 2021 November 26, 2021 November 23, 2021 November 30, 2021 December 29, 2021 November 15, 2021 December 21, 2021 December 22, 2021 (1) December 21, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 28, 2022 
 Class S Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount January 29, 2021 January 31, 2021 February 24, 2021 February 24, 2021 February 28, 2021 March 29, 2021 March 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 April 28, 2021 April 23, 2021 April 30, 2021 May 26, 2021 May 25, 2021 May 31, 2021 June 28, 2021 June 29, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 28, 2021 June 29, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 28, 2021 (1) July 21, 2021 July 31, 2021 August 27, 2021 August 25, 2021 August 31, 2021 September 28, 2021 September 27, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 27, 2021 October 25, 2021 October 31, 2021 November 26, 2021 November 23, 2021 November 30, 2021 December 29, 2021 November 15, 2021 December 21, 2021 December 22, 2021 (1) December 21, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 28, 2022 
 236 

Table o f Contents 

 June 29, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 28, 2021 June 29, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 28, 2021 (1) July 21, 2021 July 31, 2021 August 27, 2021 August 25, 2021 August 31, 2021 September 28, 2021 September 27, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 27, 2021 October 25, 2021 October 31, 2021 November 26, 2021 November 23, 2021 November 30, 2021 December 29, 2021 November 15, 2021 December 21, 2021 December 22, 2021 (1) December 21, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 28, 2022 
 (1) Represents a special distribution. 
 (2) Class D commenced on May 1, 2021. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which it reinvests all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of its shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and the Company declares, a cash dividend or other distribution, then shareholders who have not opted out of the Company's distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 Character of Distributions 
 The Company may fund its cash distributions to shareholders from any source of funds available to the Company, including but not limited to offering proceeds, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to it on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies and expense support from the Adviser, which is subject to recoupment. 
 Through December 31, 2022, a portion of the Company s distributions resulted from expense support from the Adviser, and future distributions may result from expense support from the Adviser, each of which is subject to repayment by the Company within three years from the date of payment. The purpose of this arrangement avoids distributions being characterized as a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Shareholders should understand that any such distribution is not based solely on the Company s investment performance, and can only be sustained if the Company achieves positive investment performance in future periods and/or the Adviser continues to provide expense support. Shareholders should also understand that the Company s future repayments of expense support will reduce the distributions that they would otherwise receive. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve the performance necessary to sustain these distributions, or be able to pay distributions at all. 
 Sources of distributions, other than net investment income and realized gains on a U.S. GAAP basis, include required adjustments to U.S. GAAP net investment income in the current period to determine taxable income available for distributions. 
 
 Net realized gains Total 

237 

Table o f Contents 

Net realized gains Total 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The Company has implemented a share repurchase program under which, at the discretion of the Board, the Company may repurchase, in each quarter, up to of the NAV of the Company s Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, such target amount is assessed each calendar quarter. The Board may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time (including to offer to purchase fewer shares) if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in the best interest of shareholders, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, or may only be available in an amount less than 5 of our Common Shares outstanding. The Company intends to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Under the share repurchase plan, to the extent the Company offers to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, it is expected to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and shares were repurchased, respectively. 
 March 31, 2022 May 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 238 

Table o f Contents 

 June 30, 2021 August 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 November 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 
 (1) Percentage is based on total shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. 
 (2) All repurchase requests were satisfied in full. 
 . 
 
 Note 10. 
 Net investment income Net unrealized and realized gain (loss) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Distributions from net investment income (2) ) ) ) Distributions from net realized gains (2) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from shareholders' distributions ) ) ) Early repurchase deduction fees (5) Total increase (decrease) in net assets ) ) ) Net asset value, end of period Shares outstanding, end of period Total return based on NAV (3) Ratios: Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (4) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (4) Portfolio turnover rate Supplemental Data: Net assets, end of period Asset coverage ratio 
 
 (1) The per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 
 (2) The per share data for distributions was derived by using the actual shares outstanding at the date of the relevant transactions (refer to Note 9). 
 (3) Total return is calculated as the change in NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share (assuming dividends and distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company's distribution reinvestment plan) divided by the beginning NAV per share. Total return does not include upfront transaction fee, if any. 
 (4) For the year ended December 31, 2022, amounts are annualized except for organizational costs and management fee and income based incentive fee waivers by the Adviser. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the ratio of total operating expenses to average net assets was , , and on Class I, Class S and Class D respectively, on an annualized basis, excluding the effect of expense support/(recoupment) and management fee and income based incentive fee waivers by the Adviser which represented , and on Class I, Class S and Class D, respectively, of average net assets. 
 (5) The per share amount rounds to less than per share, for Class S and Class D. 
 
 239 

Table o f Contents 

 Net investment income Net unrealized and realized gain (loss) (2) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Distributions from net investment income (3) ) ) ) Distributions from net realized gains (3) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from shareholders' distributions ) ) ) Early repurchase deduction fees (7) Total increase (decrease) in net assets Net asset value, end of period Shares outstanding, end of period Total return based on NAV (4) Ratios: Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (5) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (5) Portfolio turnover rate Supplemental Data: Net assets, end of period Asset coverage ratio 
 (1) The per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2021, the amount shown does not correspond with the aggregate amount for the period as it includes a , and impact, on Class I, Class S and Class D, respectively, from the effect of the timing of capital transactions. 
 (3) The per share data for distributions was derived by using the actual shares outstanding at the date of the relevant transactions (refer to Note 9). 
 (4) Total return is calculated as the change in NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share (assuming dividends and distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company's distribution reinvestment plan) divided by the beginning NAV per share. Total return does not include upfront transaction fee, if any. 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2021, amounts are annualized except for organizational costs and management fee and income based incentive fee waivers by the Adviser. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the ratio of total operating expenses to average net assets was , , and on Class I, Class S and Class D respectively, on an annualized basis, excluding the effect of expense support/(recoupment) and management fee and income based incentive fee waivers by the Adviser which represented , and on Class I, Class S and Class D, respectively, of average net assets. 
 (6) Class D commenced on May 1, 2021. 
 (7) The per share amount rounds to less than per share. 
 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Castle Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Maroon Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A 
 240 

Table o f Contents 

 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Denali Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Bushnell Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Granite Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Middle Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Bison Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Blanca Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Windom Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Monarch Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A Borah Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A 2022-1 BSL WH December 31, 2022 N/A Naomi Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A Meridian Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A Haydon Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A Bear Peak Funding Facility December 31, 2022 N/A Revolving Credit Facility December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A June 2024 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A 
 241 

Table o f Contents 

 N/A June 2026 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A May 2027 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A October 2027 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A September 2024 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A December 2026 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A November 2026 Eurobonds December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A November 2024 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A March 2027 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A January 2025 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A January 2029 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A March 2025 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A April 2026 UK Bonds December 31, 2022 N/A September 2025 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A 2021-1 BSL Notes December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A 2021-2 Notes December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A MML 2021-1 Debt December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A MML 2022-1 Debt December 31, 2022 N/A 2022-1 BSL Debt 
 242 

Table o f Contents 

 N/A MML 2022-2 Debt December 31, 2022 N/A Short-Term Borrowings December 31, 2022 N/A December 31, 2021 N/A 
 . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding was billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Note 11. 
 
 million and million of capital, respectively, to the Emerald JV. The Company initially contributed million of cash, and the Emerald JV Partner contributed net assets of million (i.e., million in net assets contributed less million in cash received by the Emerald JV Partner) to the Emerald JV in exchange for initial equity ownership interests of and , respectively. 
 On September 26, 2022, the Company and the Emerald JV Partner agreed to increase their capital commitments to the Emerald JV to million and million, respectively. The Company made capital contributions to the Emerald JV in an aggregate amount of million (consisting of cash capital contributions of million and an in-kind capital contribution of investments valued at million), the Emerald JV Partner made capital contributions to the Emerald JV of approximately million (consisting of a cash contribution of million and an in-kind capital contribution of investments valued at million), and certain of the subsidiaries of the Company sold investments to the Emerald JV for an aggregate cash purchase price of million. On December 22, 2022, the Company made further capital contributions of million (consisting of a cash contribution of million and an in-kind contribution of investments valued at approximately million) and the Emerald JV partner made further capital contributions of million. After giving effect to the foregoing transactions, the equity ownership interests of the Company and the Emerald JV Partner in the Emerald JV remain and , respectively. 
 The Company and the Emerald JV Partner, through their joint control of the Emerald JV s General Partner, have equal control of the Emerald JV's investment decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the Emerald JV must be approved by the Emerald JV's investment committee or board of directors, each of which consists of an equal number of representatives of the Company and the Emerald JV Partner. 
 The Company has determined that the Emerald JV is an investment company under ASC 946, and in accordance with ASC 946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a wholly-owned investment company subsidiary. Further, the Company has a variable interest in the Emerald JV and has determined that the Emerald JV is a variable interest entity under ASC 810 - Consolidation ASC 810 . However, the Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the Emerald JV as there is equal power between the Company and JV Partner. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate the Emerald JV. 
 243 

Table o f Contents 

 1/29/2027 Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. (10) L + 5/25/2028 Loar Group, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/29/2023 Peraton Corp. (10) L + 2/1/2028 TransDigm Inc (12) SOFR + 2/22/2027 Vertex Aerospace Services Corp. (10) L + 12/6/2028 Air Freight Logistics AGI-CFI Holdings, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 6/11/2027 Mode Purchaser, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 12/9/2026 RWL Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 12/31/2028 SEKO Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 12/30/2026 Airlines Air Canada (10) L + 8/11/2028 American Airlines, Inc. (8) L + 4/20/2028 KKR Apple Bidco, LLC (11) L + 9/23/2028 United Airlines, Inc. (10) L + 4/21/2028 Auto Components Clarios Global LP (8) L + 4/30/2026 Beverages Triton Water Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/31/2028 Building Products Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. (9) L + 4/12/2028 CP Atlas Buyer, Inc. (9) L + 11/23/2027 Express Wash Concepts, LLC (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 4/30/2027 Fencing Supply Group Acquisition, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 2/26/2027 Griffon Corporation (9) SOFR + 1/24/2029 iHeartCommunications, Inc. (11) L + 5/1/2026 Kodiak BP, LLC (10) L + 3/12/2028 Latham Pool Products, Inc. (7)(11) SOFR + 2/23/2029 Lindstrom, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 4/7/2025 New Arclin US Holding Corp. (7)(9) L + 10/2/2028 
 244 

Table o f Contents 

 6/1/2026 First Lien Debt (continued) Building Products (continued) The Chamberlain Group, Inc. (9) L + 11/3/2029 Windows Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 12/29/2026 Capital Markets Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 7/31/2026 AllSpring Buyer, LLC (9) L + 11/1/2028 Resolute Investment Managers, Inc. (11) L + 4/30/2024 Situs-AMC Holdings Corporation (4)(11) SOFR + 12/22/2027 Superannuation And Investments US, LLC (9) L + 12/1/2028 The Edelman Financial Engines Center, LLC (10) L + 4/7/2028 Chemicals DCG Acquisition Corp. (8) SOFR + 9/30/2026 Dominion Colour Corporation (4)(11)(14) L + 4/6/2024 Starfruit Finco BV (10) L + 10/1/2025 Commercial Services Supplies Access CIG, LLC (8) L + 2/27/2025 Acrisure LLC (8) SOFR + 2/15/2027 Allied Universal Holdco, LLC (9) SOFR + 5/12/2028 Anticimex, Inc. (4)(9) L + 11/16/2028 Anticimex, Inc. (4)(9) L + 11/16/2028 Anticimex, Inc. (9) L + 11/16/2028 Bazaarvoice, Inc. (4)(7)(8) SOFR + 5/7/2028 Belfor Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 4/6/2026 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. (10) SOFR + 3/31/2028 EAB Global, Inc. (9) L + 8/16/2028 Energizer Holdings Inc (9) L + 12/8/2028 eResearchTechnology, Inc. (11) L + 2/4/2027 First Advantage Holdings, LLC (11) L + 1/31/2027 Foundational Education Group, Inc. (4)(9) SOFR + 8/31/2028 Garda World Security Corp. (8) L + 10/30/2026 Garda World Security Corp. (8) SOFR + 2/1/2029 Genuine Financial Holdings, LLC (8) L + 7/11/2025 International SOS The Americas LP (8) L + 9/7/2028 Java Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/15/2027 
 245 

Table o f Contents 

 12/27/2028 Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/10/2027 KPSKY Acquisition, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/19/2028 PECF USS Intermediate Holding III Corp. (9) L + 12/15/2028 Polyphase Elevator Holding Co. (4)(11) L + 6/23/2027 Polyphase Elevator Holding Co. (4)(11) SOFR + 6/3/2027 Recycle Resource US, LLC (9) L + 7/14/2028 Restaurant Technologies, Inc. (11) SOFR + 4/2/2029 Revspring, Inc. (8) L + 10/11/2025 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(12) L + 1/16/2026 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(12) SOFR + 1/16/2026 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(12) L + 1/15/2026 The Action Environmental Group, Inc. (4)(12) SOFR + 1/15/2026 Communications Equipment Commscope Inc (10) L + 4/6/2026 Construction Engineering Atlas Intermediate III, LLC (4)(10) L + 2/25/2028 Brookfield WEC Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 8/1/2025 Pike Electric Corp. (10) L + 1/21/2028 Pike Electric Corp. (10) L + 1/21/2028 Refficiency Holdings, LLC (7)(10) L + 12/16/2027 Construction Materials Quikrete Holdings, Inc. (11) L + 6/11/2028 White Cap Buyer, LLC (9) SOFR + 10/19/2027 Containers Packaging Ascend Buyer, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 10/2/2028 Berlin Packaging, LLC (9) L + 3/11/2028 Bway Holding Corporation (11) L + 4/3/2024 Charter NEX US, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Graham Packaging Co, Inc. (10) L + 8/4/2027 Novolex, Inc. (9) SOFR + 4/13/2029 ProAmpac PG Borrower, LLC (10) L + 11/3/2025 Ring Container Technologies Group, LLC (9) L + 8/12/2028 TricorBraun Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/3/2028 
 246 

Table o f Contents 

 9/15/2028 Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 9/15/2028 Distributors BP Purchaser, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/10/2028 Bution Holdco 2, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/17/2025 Dana Kepner Company, LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2026 Genuine Cable Group, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 11/2/2026 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(10) SOFR + 6/23/2028 Tailwind Colony Holding Corporation (4)(11) L + 11/13/2024 Unified Door Hardware Group, LLC (4)(11) L + 12/18/2027 Diversified Consumer Services Ascend Learning, LLC (9) L + 12/11/2028 Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 7/20/2028 Colibri Group, LLC (10) SOFR + 3/12/2029 Dreambox Learning Holding, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 12/1/2027 EM Bidco Limited (9) SOFR + 7/6/2029 KUEHG Corp. (11) L + 2/21/2025 Learning Care Group (11) L + 3/13/2025 Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. (9) L + 12/15/2028 Prime Security Service Borrower, LLC (9) L + 9/23/2026 Renaissance Learning, Inc. (11) SOFR + 3/30/2029 Rinchem Company, LLC (4)(9) SOFR + 3/2/2029 University Support Services, LLC (9) L + 2/10/2029 Weld North Education, LLC (9) L + 12/21/2027 Diversified Financial Services Barbri Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 4/28/2028 Citco Funding LLC (9) L + 4/19/2028 Corporation Service Company (9) SOFR + 11/2/2029 Mitchell International, Inc. (9) L + 10/15/2028 Polaris Newco, LLC (9) L + 6/2/2028 Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (8) L + 12/31/2025 
 247 

Table o f Contents 

 3/22/2029 Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (9) SOFR + 3/9/2027 Electric Utilities Qualus Power Services Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 3/26/2027 Electrical Equipment Madison IAQ, LLC (9) L + 6/21/2028 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Albireo Energy, LLC (4)(5)(11) L + 12/23/2026 Infinite Bidco, LLC (9) L + 3/2/2028 Ingram Micro, Inc. (9) L + 6/30/2028 Energy Equipment Services Tetra Technologies, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/10/2025 Entertainment CE Intermediate I, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/10/2028 Recorded Books, Inc. (8) SOFR + 8/29/2025 Health Care Equipment Supplies Auris Luxembourg III Sarl (8) L + 2/27/2026 CPI Buyer, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/1/2028 CSHC Buyerco, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 9/8/2026 Messer GMBH (9) L + 3/2/2026 Mozart Borrower LP (9) L + 10/23/2028 Natus Medical Incorporated (4)(9) SOFR + 7/20/2029 Resonetics, LLC (10) L + 4/28/2028 Sunshine Luxembourg VII S. r.l, LLC (10) L + 10/1/2026 Health Care Providers Services ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + 8/2/2028 ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + 5/7/2027 ADMI Corp. (9) L + 12/23/2027 Amerivet Partners Management, Inc. (4)(5)(10) SOFR + 2/25/2028 Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(11) C + 4/14/2028 CAD CCBlue Bidco, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 12/21/2028 CHG Healthcare Services, Inc. (9) L + 9/29/2028 
 248 

Table o f Contents 

 4/3/2028 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 4/3/2028 Electron Bidco, Inc. (9) L + 11/1/2028 Epoch Acquisition, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 10/4/2024 Forefront Management Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 4/1/2029 Global Medical Response, Inc. (11) L + 10/2/2025 Heartland Dental, LLC (4)(8) L + 4/30/2025 ICS US Holdings, Inc. (4)(9) SOFR + 6/8/2028 Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2026 LifePoint Health, Inc. (8) L + 11/16/2025 Midwest Physician Administrative Services, LLC (10) L + 3/12/2028 National Mentor Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 3/2/2028 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. (4)(7)(9) L + (incl. PIK) 
 7/16/2027 NMSC Holdings, Inc. (10) SOFR + 2/23/2029 Onex TSG Intermediate Corp. (10) L + 2/28/2028 Pathway Vet Alliance, LLC (8) L + 3/31/2027 Pediatric Associates Holding Co., LLC (7)(9) L + 12/29/2028 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (10) L + 2/14/2025 Phoenix Guarantor, Inc. (8) L + 3/5/2026 PSKW Intermediate, LLC (4)(11) L + 3/9/2026 Radnet, Inc. (10) L + 4/21/2028 Reverb Buyer, Inc. (9) L + 11/1/2028 Smile Doctors, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 12/23/2028 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 1/2/2029 Surgery Centers Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 8/31/2026 U.S. Anesthesia Partners, Inc. (9) L + 10/1/2028 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/18/2027 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. (4)(5)(7)(10) L + 6/22/2028 WP CityMD Bidco, LLC (9) L + 12/22/2028 
 249 

Table o f Contents 

 9/21/2026 Edifecs, Inc. (4)(11) L + 9/21/2026 GI Ranger Intermediate, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 10/29/2028 Imprivata, Inc. (10) SOFR + 12/1/2027 Netsmart Technologies, Inc. (10) L + 10/1/2027 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. (4)(10) SOFR + 3/10/2028 Waystar Technologies, Inc. (8) L + 10/22/2026 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Alterra Mountain Company (9) L + 8/17/2028 Fertitta Entertainment, LLC (9) SOFR + 1/27/2029 GVC Finance LLC (8) SOFR + 10/31/2029 GVC Holdings Gibraltar, Ltd. (11) L + 3/29/2027 IRB Holding Corp. (10) SOFR + 12/15/2027 IRB Holding Corp. (10) SOFR + 2/5/2025 Scientific Games Holdings LP (9) SOFR + 4/4/2029 Tacala Investment Corp. (10) L + 2/5/2027 Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 10/2/2028 Whatabrands, LLC (9) L + 8/3/2028 Household Durables AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. (7)(9) SOFR + 7/31/2028 Fluidra SA (9) SOFR + 1/29/2029 Hunter Douglas, Inc. (9) SOFR + 2/26/2029 Industrial Conglomerates Engineered Machinery Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 5/19/2028 FCG Acquisitions, Inc. (9) L + 3/31/2028 SPX Flow, Inc. (9) SOFR + 4/5/2029 Vertical US Newco, Inc. (9) L + 7/30/2027 Victory Buyer, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/19/2028 Insurance Alera Group, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 10/2/2028 Alliant Holdings Intermediate, LLC (10) L + 11/5/2027 Alliant Holdings Intermediate, LLC (9) L + 11/6/2027 AssuredPartners, Inc. (9) SOFR + 2/12/2027 
 250 

Table o f Contents 

 10/14/2027 BroadStreet Partners, Inc. (8) L + 1/27/2027 Foundation Risk Partners Corp. (4)(10) SOFR + 10/29/2028 Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 9/30/2028 High Street Buyer, Inc. (4)(5)(10) L + 4/14/2028 Howden Group Holdings Limited (10) L + 11/12/2027 HUB International Limited (10) L + 4/25/2025 NFP Corp. (8) L + 2/15/2027 PGIS Intermediate Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 10/16/2028 RSC Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(10) SOFR + 10/30/2026 SG Acquisition, Inc. (4)(9) L + 1/27/2027 USI, Inc. (9) L + 11/22/2029 Interactive Media Services Ancestry.com Operations, Inc (9) L + 12/6/2027 Cengage Learning, Inc. (11) L + 7/14/2026 MH Sub I, LLC (11) L + 9/13/2024 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (8) L + 6/1/2026 Red Planet Borrower, LLC (9) L + 10/2/2028 SurveyMonkey, Inc. (8) L + 10/10/2025 William Morris Endeavor Entertainment, LLC (9) L + 5/18/2025 Internet Direct Marketing Retail Donuts, Inc. (4)(7)(11) SOFR + 12/29/2026 Prodege International Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 12/15/2027 
 251 

Table o f Contents 

 12/21/2028 Dcert Buyer, Inc. (8) SOFR + 10/16/2026 Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 2/10/2028 Park Place Technologies, LLC (11) SOFR + 11/10/2027 Razor Holdco, LLC (4)(10) L + 10/25/2027 Sabre GLBL, Inc. (9) L + 12/17/2027 Sabre GLBL, Inc. (9) L + 6/30/2028 Turing Midco, LLC (9) L + 3/24/2028 Virtusa Corp. (10) L + 2/11/2028 Virtusa Corp. (10) L + 2/15/2029 Leisure Products Motion Finco, LLC (8) L + 11/12/2026 Recess Holdings, Inc. (11) L + 9/30/2024 Life Sciences Tools Services Cambrex Corp. (10) SOFR + 12/4/2026 Curia Global, Inc. (10) L + 8/30/2026 Machinery Pro Mach Group, Inc. (11) L + 8/31/2028 Media Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 8/21/2026 Radiate Holdco, LLC (10) L + 9/25/2026 Univision Communications, Inc. (10) L + 3/15/2026 UPC Financing Partnership (11) L + 1/31/2029 Virgin Media Bristol, LLC (11) L + 1/31/2029 Metals Mining SCIH Salt Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 3/16/2027 Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels CQP Holdco, LP (9) L + 6/5/2028 Eagle Midstream Canada Finance, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 8/15/2028 Freeport LNG Investments, LLLP (9) L + 12/21/2028 KKR Alberta Midstrean Finance, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 8/15/2028 
 252 

Table o f Contents 

 11/12/2027 Pharmaceuticals ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (10) L + 11/19/2027 Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (10) L + 5/5/2028 Professional Services ALKU, LLC (4)(10) SOFR + 3/1/2028 Aqgen Island Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 8/2/2028 Armor Holdco, Inc. (9) SOFR + 12/11/2028 Camelot US Acquisition, LLC (11) L + 10/30/2026 Cast Crew Payroll, LLC (9) SOFR + 12/29/2028 CFGI Holdings, LLC (4)(10) L + 11/2/2027 Deerfield Dakota Holding, LLC (11) SOFR + 4/9/2027 Galaxy US Opco, Inc. (9) SOFR + 4/29/2029 IG Investments Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(10) L + 9/22/2028 Kwor Acquisition, Inc. (4)(10) L + 12/22/2028 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Co. (8) SOFR + 5/23/2025 Sherlock Buyer Corp. (4)(10) L + 12/8/2028 The Dun Bradstreet Corporation (9) L + 2/6/2026 Trans Union, LLC (9) L + 12/1/2028 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corp. (4)(10) L + 6/29/2027 VT Topco, Inc. (7)(10) L + 8/1/2025 West Monroe Partners, LLC (4)(7)(10) L + 11/8/2028 Real Estate Management Development Cumming Group, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 5/26/2027 Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/16/2028 Road Rail Gruden Acquisition, Inc. (4)(5)(11) L + 7/1/2028 Software 2U, Inc. (10) L + 12/30/2024 Apex Group Treasury LLC (9) L + 7/27/2028 Apex Group Treasury, LLC (4)(9) L + 7/27/2028 Boxer Parent Company, Inc. (8) L + 10/2/2025 Brown Group Holdings, LLC (11) L + 6/7/2028 Cloudera, Inc. (9) L + 10/8/2028 
 253 

Table o f Contents 

 2/24/2028 Confine Visual Bidco (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 2/23/2029 ConnectWise, LLC (9) L + 9/29/2028 Delta Topco, Inc. (10) SOFR + 12/1/2027 ECI Macola Max Holding, LLC (10) L + 11/9/2027 EP Purchaser, LLC (9) L + 11/6/2028 Epicor Software Corp. (10) L + 7/30/2027 Flexera Software, LLC (10) L + 3/3/2028 GI Consilio Parent, LLC (9) L + 5/12/2028 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2028 GraphPAD Software, LLC (4)(11) L + 4/27/2027 Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC (10) L + 12/1/2027 HS Purchaser, LLC (10) SOFR + 11/19/2026 Hyland Software, Inc. (10) L + 7/1/2024 Idera, Inc. (10) L + 3/2/2028 Informatica, LLC (11) L + 10/27/2028 ION Trading Finance Ltd. (8) L + 4/3/2028 Ivanti Software, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 LD Lower Holdings, Inc. (4)(7)(11) L + 2/8/2026 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (4)(10) SOFR + 5/18/2028 Medallia, Inc. (4)(10) L + (incl. PIK) 
 10/29/2028 Mitnick Purchaser, Inc. (9) SOFR + 5/2/2029 Monk Holding Co. (4)(7)(10) L + 12/1/2027 MRI Software, LLC (5)(11) L + 2/10/2026 Nintex Topco Limited (4)(10) L + 11/13/2028 NortonLifeLock, Inc. (9) SOFR + 9/12/2029 Perforce Software, Inc. (8) L + 7/1/2026 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. (8) L + 4/26/2024 Proofpoint, Inc. (5)(9) L + 8/31/2028 Quest Software US Holdings, Inc. (9) SOFR + 2/1/2029 RealPage, Inc. (9) L + 4/24/2028 Relativity ODA, LLC (4)(7)(11) L + (incl. PIK) 
 5/12/2027 Rocket Software, Inc. (8) L + 11/28/2025 Rocket Software, Inc. (9) L + 11/28/2025 S2P Acquisition Borrower, Inc. (8) SOFR + 8/14/2026 
 254 

Table o f Contents 

 2/5/2027 Sophia, LP (9) L + 10/7/2027 Sovos Compliance, LLC (9) L + 8/11/2028 SS C Technologies, Inc. (9) SOFR + 3/22/2029 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 Stamps.com, Inc. (4)(10) L + 10/5/2028 Surf Holdings, LLC (8) L + 3/5/2027 Symphony Technology Group (5)(10) L + 7/27/2028 Symphony Technology Group (5)(9) SOFR + 3/1/2029 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (9) L + 5/4/2026 Triple Lift, Inc. (4)(7)(10) SOFR + 5/5/2028 Vision Solutions, Inc. (10) L + 4/24/2028 VS Buyer, LLC (11) L + 2/28/2027 Specialty Retail CustomInk, LLC (4)(11) L + 5/3/2026 EG Dutch Finco BV (8) L + 2/7/2025 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Lytx, Inc. (4)(11) SOFR + 2/28/2026 Trading Companies Distributors Core and Main, LP (11) SOFR + 7/27/2028 Foundation Building Materials, Inc. (9) L + 1/31/2028 Icebox Holdco III, Inc. (9) L + 12/22/2028 LBM Acquisition, LLC (10) L + 12/17/2027 Park River Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 12/28/2027 Porcelain Acquisition Corp. (4)(7)(11) L + 4/1/2027 Specialty Building Products Holdings, LLC (9) L + 10/15/2028 SRS Distribution, Inc. (9) SOFR + 6/2/2028 The Cook Boardman Group, LLC (11) SOFR + 10/17/2025 Transportation Infrastructure First Student Bidco, Inc. (9) L + 7/21/2028 Froneri International PLC (11) L + 1/29/2027 Frontline Road Safety, LLC (4)(10) L + 5/3/2027 Roadsafe Holdings, Inc. (4)(11) L + 10/19/2027 
 255 

Table o f Contents 

 12/17/2027 Total First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Diversified Consumer Services Ascend Learning, LLC (9) L + 12/10/2029 Health Care Providers Services Canadian Hospital Specialties Ltd. (4)(5)(8) 4/15/2029 CAD Jayhawk Buyer, LLC (4)(11) L + 10/15/2027 Industrial Conglomerates Victory Buyer, LLC (4)(9) L + 11/1/2029 Life Sciences Tools Services Curia Global, Inc. (4)(10) L + 8/31/2029 Phoenix Newco, Inc. (4)(9) L + 11/15/2029 Software Apex Group Treasury, LLC (4)(9) L + 7/27/2029 Apex Group Treasury, LLC (9) L + 7/27/2028 Proofpoint, Inc. (5)(9) L + 8/31/2028 Vision Solutions, Inc. (5)(10) L + 4/23/2029 Total Second Lien Debt Bonds Aerospace Defense Howmet Aerospace Inc (8) 2/1/2027 Automobiles Ford Motor Co (8) 8/4/2025 Banks Barclays PLC (8) 5/12/2026 Barclays PLC (8) 5/9/2028 Barclays PLC (8) 5/7/2026 Huntington Bancshares Inc (8) 8/4/2028 Lloyds Banking Group PLC (8) 3/24/2026 Synchrony Bank (8) 8/22/2025 Synovus Financial Corp (8) 8/11/2025 
 256 

Table o f Contents 

 3/21/2029 Capital Markets FactSet Research Systems Inc (8) 3/1/2027 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (8) 1/23/2030 MSCI Inc. (8) 11/15/2029 Nomura Holdings Inc (8) 7/14/2026 Nomura Holdings Inc (8) 1/22/2027 StoneX Group Inc. (8) 6/15/2025 Chemicals Ingevity Corp (8) 11/1/2028 Minerals Technologies Inc. (8) 7/1/2028 Westlake Corp (8) 8/15/2026 Commercial Services Supplies Clean Harbors Inc. (8) 7/15/2027 Communications Equipment Juniper Networks Inc (8) 8/15/2029 Motorola Solutions Inc (8) 5/23/2029 Construction Engineering Fluor Corp (8) 9/15/2028 Quanta Services Inc (8) 10/1/2024 Consumer Finance FirstCash Inc (8) 1/1/2030 Navient Corp (8) 6/25/2025 Navient Corp (8) 3/15/2028 OneMain Finance Corp (8) 3/15/2025 PRA Group Inc (8) 10/1/2029 SLM Corp (8) 10/29/2025 Containers Packaging Berry Global, Inc.(8) 1/15/2027 OI European Group BV (8) 2/15/2030 TriMas Corp (8) 4/15/2029 
 257 

Table o f Contents 

 7/15/2028 Prime Security Services Borrower LLC (8) 4/15/2026 Service Corp International (8) 12/15/2027 Electric Utilities NextEra Energy Operating Partners LP (8) 7/15/2024 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Avnet Inc (8) 4/15/2026 CDW LLC (8) 12/1/2026 CDW LLC (8) 12/1/2028 Flex Ltd (8) 6/15/2029 Jabil Inc (8) 5/15/2027 Teledyne Technologies Inc (8) 4/1/2026 TTM Technologies Inc (8) 3/1/2029 Energy Equipment Services Enerflex Ltd (8) 10/15/2027 Equity Real Estate Investment EPR Properties (8) 4/15/2028 Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Brixmor Operating Partnership LP (8) 6/15/2026 Iron Mountain Inc (8) 9/15/2027 Iron Mountain Inc (8) 3/15/2028 Service Corp International (8) 9/15/2025 Food Products Campbell Soup Co (8) 3/15/2028 Conagra Brands Inc (8) 11/1/2028 Conagra Brands Inc (8) 11/1/2027 Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (8) 5/15/2028 Gas Utilities Superior General Partner Inc (8) 3/15/2029 
 258 

Table o f Contents 

 12/15/2027 HCA Inc. (8) 2/15/2027 Molina Healthcare Inc (8) 6/15/2028 Universal Health Services Inc (8) 9/1/2026 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Hilton Domestic Operating Co Inc (8) 5/1/2029 Hyatt Hotels Corp (8) 9/15/2028 New Red Finance Inc (8) 1/15/2028 New Red Finance Inc (8) 2/15/2029 Vail Resorts Inc (8) 5/15/2025 Yum! Brands Inc (8) 1/15/2030 Household Durables D.R. Horton Inc (8) 10/15/2026 Lennar Corp (8) 11/29/2027 LGI Homes Inc (8) 7/15/2029 M/I Homes Inc (8) 2/15/2030 Meritage Homes Corp (8) 4/15/2029 Taylor Morrison Communities Inc (8) 6/15/2027 Taylor Morrison Communities Inc (8) 1/15/2028 Tempur Sealy International Inc (8) 4/15/2029 Toll Brothers Finance Corp (8) 3/15/2027 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers DPL INC (8) 7/1/2025 Drax Finco PLC (8) 11/1/2025 Industrial Conglomerates Icahn Enterprises LP (8) 9/15/2024 Icahn Enterprises LP (8) 5/15/2027 Insurance Willis North America Inc (8) 6/15/2027 
 259 

Table o f Contents 

 9/14/2026 Gartner Inc. (8) 6/15/2029 Machinery Allison Transmission Inc (8) 10/1/2027 Allison Transmission Inc (8) 6/1/2029 CNH Industrial NV (8) 11/15/2027 Weir Group PLC (8) 5/13/2026 Media Sirius XM Radio Inc (8) 8/1/2027 Metals Mining Carpenter Technology Corp (8) 7/15/2028 FMG Resources August 2006 Pty Ltd (8) 4/15/2030 Freeport-McMoRan Inc (8) 3/1/2028 Mineral Resources Ltd (8) 11/1/2027 Steel Dynamics Inc (8) 4/15/2030 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Starwood Property Trust Inc (8) 12/31/2024 Multiline Retail Macy's Retail Holdings LLC (8) 3/15/2030 Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels Antero Midstream Partners LP (8) 3/1/2027 Crestwood Midstream Partners LP (8) 5/1/2027 DCP Midstream Operating LP (8) 7/15/2025 DCP Midstream Operating LP (8) 7/15/2027 EnLink Midstream Partners LP (8) 7/15/2026 Hess Corp (8) 4/1/2027 Hess Midstream Operations LP (8) 6/15/2028 Holly Energy Partners LP (8) 4/15/2027 Matador Resources Co (8) 9/15/2026 NuStar Logistics LP (8) 6/1/2026 ONEOK Inc (8) 7/15/2028 PBF Holding Co LLC (8) 6/15/2025 Phillips 66 Partners LP (8) 3/1/2028 Spectra Energy Partners LP (8) 10/15/2026 
 260 

Table o f Contents 

 5/15/2029 Paper Forest Products Louisiana-Pacific Corp (8) 3/15/2029 Personal Products Edgewell Personal Care Co (8) 6/1/2028 Pharmaceuticals Royalty Pharma PLC (8) 9/2/2027 Professional Services Booz Allen Hamilton Inc (8) 9/1/2028 Real Estate Management Development Howard Hughes Corp (8) 8/1/2028 Howard Hughes Corp (8) 2/1/2029 Road Rail Ryder System Inc (8) 6/15/2027 Semiconductors Semiconductor Equipment Broadcom Corp (8) 1/15/2027 ON Semiconductor Corp (8) 9/1/2028 Qorvo Inc (8) 12/15/2024 Software Fair Isaac Corp (8) 6/15/2028 Oracle Corp (8) 4/1/2027 Tangerine Bidco SPA (4)(8) 12/30/2029 EUR TeamSystem SpA (4)(8) 2/15/2028 EUR Specialty Retail Abercrombie Fitch Management Co (8) 7/15/2025 Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (8) 3/1/2030 Bath Body Works Inc (8) 7/1/2025 Foot Locker Inc (8) 10/1/2029 Gap Inc (8) 10/1/2029 Sonic Automotive Inc (8) 11/15/2029 
 261 

Table o f Contents 

 8/21/2027 Xerox Holdings Corp (8) 8/15/2028 Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods PVH Corp (8) 7/10/2025 Thrifts Mortgage Finance MGIC Investment Corp (8) 8/15/2028 NMI Holdings Inc (8) 6/1/2025 Radian Group Inc (8) 3/15/2025 Trading Companies Distributors Air Lease Corp (8) 8/15/2026 GATX Corp (8) 9/15/2026 Trading Companies Distributors AerCap Ireland Capital DAC / AerCap Global Aviation Trust (8) 1/23/2028 AerCap Ireland Capital DAC / AerCap Global Aviation Trust (8) 10/15/2027 AerCap Ireland Capital DAC / AerCap Global Aviation Trust (8) 10/29/2028 United Rentals North America Inc (8) 1/15/2028 Total Bonds 
 262 

Table o f Contents 

 Air Freight Logistics AGI Group Holdings LP - A2 Units (4) Mode Holdings, L.P. - Class A-2 Common Units (4) Distributors Box Co-Invest Blocker, LLC (4) Diversified Consumer Services Cambium Holdings, LLC - Senior Preferred Interests (4) Deneb Ultimate Topco, LLC - Class A Units (4) Health Care Providers Services Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-1 Common Units (4) Jayhawk Holdings, LP - A-2 Common Units (4) Software Lobos Parent, Inc. - Series A Preferred Shares (4) Transportation Infrastructure Frontline Road Safety Investments, LLC - Class A Common Units (4) Equity Total Total Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Total Investments non-controlled/affiliated Distributors GSO DL Co-Invest EIS LP (EIS Acquisition Holdings, LP) - Class A Common Units (4)(14) Total Equity Total Investments non-controlled/affiliated Investments controlled/affiliated Equity Specialty Retail GSO DL CoInvest CI LP (CustomInk, LLC) - Series A Preferred Units (4)(14) Total Equity Total Investments - controlled/affiliated Total Investment Portfolio 
 263 

Table o f Contents 

 Other Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of debt and equity investments held by the Company (which such term Company shall include the Company s consolidated subsidiaries for purposes of this Consolidated Schedule of Investments) are denominated in dollars. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had investments denominated in Canadian Dollars (CAD) and Euros (EUR). All debt investments are income producing unless otherwise indicated. All equity investments are non-income producing unless otherwise noted. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. The total par amount (in thousands) is presented for debt investments, while the number of shares or units (in whole amounts) owned is presented for equity investments. Each of the Company s investments is pledged as collateral, under one or more of its credit facilities unless otherwise indicated. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR L ), Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR or C ), Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate SONIA or S ), Euro Interbank Offer Rate Euribor or E ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR"), or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate F or the U.S. Prime Rate P )), which generally resets periodically. For each loan, the Company has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. Variable rate loans typically include an interest reference rate floor feature. For each such loan, the Company has provided the interest rate in effect on the date presented. 
 (3) The cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of discounts and premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 
 (4) These investments were valued using unobservable inputs and are considered Level 3 investments. 
 (5) These debt investments are not pledged as collateral under any of the Company's credit facilities. For other debt investments that are pledged to the Company's credit facilities, a single investment may be divided into parts that are individually pledged as collateral to separate credit facilities. 
 (6) For unsettled positions the interest rate does not include the base rate. 
 (7) Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded portion, although the investment may be subject to unused commitment fees. Negative cost and fair value results from unamortized fees, which are capitalized to the investment cost. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date that may expire prior to the maturity date stated. See below for more information on the Company s unfunded commitments (all commitments are first lien, unless otherwise noted): 
 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First Lien Debt ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Revolver 5/7/2027 ) ADCS Clinics Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/7/2023 AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/31/2028 Barbri Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/28/2023 Bazaarvoice, Inc. Revolver 5/7/2026 Monk Holding Co. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/12/2023 Cambium Learning Group, Inc. Revolver 7/20/2028 CCBlue Bidco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/21/2023 Confine Visual Bidco Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/11/2024 CPI Buyer, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/1/2023 CPI Buyer, LLC Revolver 11/1/2026 ) CSHC Buyerco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/8/2026 ) Cumming Group, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2027 Cumming Group, Inc. Revolver 5/26/2027 DCA Investment Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/3/2028 Donuts, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/29/2027 Express Wash Concepts, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/30/2027 Forefront Management Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/23/2029 GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Revolver 11/30/2027 ) GovernmentJobs.com, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/30/2023 ) Java Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/15/2023 Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/10/2023 ) Knowledge Pro Buyer, Inc. Revolver 12/10/2027 Latham Pool Products, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/18/2029 ) 
 264 

Table o f Contents 

 Navigator Acquiror, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 7/16/2023 New Arclin US Holding Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 9/22/2028 ) Pediatric Associates Holding Co., LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/29/2028 Porcelain Acquisition Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 4/1/2027 ) Progress Residential PM Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/17/2023 Qualus Power Services Corp. Delayed Draw Term Loan 3/26/2023 Refficiency Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/16/2027 Relativity ODA, LLC Revolver 5/12/2027 ) RWL Holdings, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/1/2027 ) Smile Doctors, LLC Revolver 12/23/2027 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/30/2023 Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC Revolver 12/30/2026 Triple Lift, Inc. Revolver 5/6/2028 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/18/2023 US Oral Surgery Management Holdco, LLC Revolver 11/18/2027 ) VT Topco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/1/2025 West Monroe Partners, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 11/9/2023 West Monroe Partners, LLC Revolver 11/9/2027 ) WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Revolver 6/22/2026 WHCG Purchaser III, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/22/2023 Total Unfunded Commitments ) 
 
 (8) There are no interest rate floors on these investments. 
 (9) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (10) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (11) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (12) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (13) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (14) Loan was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. 
 The following table presents the selected consolidated statement of assets and liabilities information of the Emerald JV as of December 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 ASSETS Investments at fair value (cost of at December 31, 2022) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Receivable for investments sold Deferred financing costs Subscription receivable (1) Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Debt Distribution payable Payable for investments purchased and other liabilities Total liabilities MEMBERS EQUITY Members Equity Total Members Equity Total liabilities and member s equity 
 
 265 

Table o f Contents 

Payment-in-kind income Dividend income Other income Total investment income Expenses: Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Net investment income before taxes Tax expense Net investment income after taxes Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Net realized gain (loss) on investments ) Total net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 
 266 

Table o f Contents 

million and million of capital, respectively, to the Verdelite JV. The Company contributed million (consisting of a cash contribution of million and an in-kind capital contribution of investments valued at million), and the Verdelite JV Partner contributed cash of million, in exchange for initial equity ownership interests of and , respectively. 
 The Company and the Verdelite JV Partner, through their joint control of the Verdelite JV s General Partner, have equal control of the Verdelite JV's investment decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the Verdelite JV must be approved by the Verdelite JV's investment committee or board of directors, each of which consists of an equal number of representatives of the Company and the Verdelite JV Partner. 
 The Company has determined that the Verdelite JV is an investment company under ASC 946, and in accordance with ASC 946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a wholly-owned investment company subsidiary. Further, the Company has a variable interest in the Verdelite JV and has determined that the Verdelite JV is a variable interest entity under ASC 810 . However, the Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the Verdelite JV as there is equal power between the Company and JV Partner. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate the Verdelite JV. 
 The Company's investment in the Verdelite JV is disclosed on the Company s Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table presents the consolidated schedule of investments of the Verdelite JV as of December 31, 2022: 
 1/29/2027 Atlas CC Acquisition Corp. (10) L + 5/25/2028 Peraton Corp. (10) L + 2/1/2028 Vertex Aerospace Services Corp. (10) L + 12/6/2028 Air Freight Logistics The Kenan Advantage Group, Inc. (10) L + 3/24/2026 Airlines United Airlines, Inc. (10) L + 4/21/2028 Auto Components Clarios Global LP (5)(8) SOFR + 4/30/2026 Beverages Triton Water Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/31/2028 Building Products Griffon Corporation (9) SOFR + 1/24/2029 
 267 

Table o f Contents 

 11/3/2029 Capital Markets Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 7/31/2026 The Edelman Financial Engines Center, LLC (10) L + 4/7/2028 Chemicals WR Grace Holdings, LLC (9) L + 9/22/2028 Commercial Services Supplies Access CIG, LLC (8) L + 2/27/2025 Allied Universal Holdco, LLC (9) SOFR + 5/12/2028 Anticimex, Inc. (9) L + 11/16/2028 APX Group, Inc. (11) L + 7/10/2028 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. (10) SOFR + 3/31/2028 EAB Global, Inc. (9) L + 8/16/2028 Energizer Holdings Inc (9) L + 12/8/2028 Garda World Security Corp. (8) L + 10/30/2026 Genuine Financial Holdings, LLC (8) L + 7/11/2025 
 268 

Table o f Contents 

 12/16/2027 Construction Materials White Cap Buyer, LLC (9) SOFR + 10/19/2027 Containers Packaging Berlin Packaging, LLC (9) L + 3/11/2028 Charter NEX US, Inc. (10) L + 12/1/2027 Novolex, Inc. (9) SOFR + 4/13/2029 ProAmpac PG Borrower, LLC (10) L + 11/3/2025 Ring Container Technologies Group, LLC (9) L + 8/12/2028 TricorBraun Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 3/3/2028 Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 9/15/2028 Diversified Consumer Services Ascend Learning, LLC (9) L + 12/11/2028 Colibri Group, LLC (10) SOFR + 3/12/2029 KUEHG Corp. (11) L + 2/21/2025 Learning Care Group (11) L + 3/13/2025 Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. (9) L + 12/15/2028 SSH Group Holdings, Inc. (8) L + 7/30/2025 University Support Services, LLC (9) L + 2/10/2029 Weld North Education, LLC (9) L + 12/21/2027 Diversified Financial Services Mitchell International, Inc. (9) L + 10/15/2028 Polaris Newco, LLC (9) L + 6/2/2028 Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (8) L + 12/31/2025 Diversified Telecommunication Services Numericable US, LLC (8) L + 7/31/2025 Numericable US, LLC (8) L + 1/31/2026 Zacapa, LLC (9) SOFR + 3/22/2029 
 269 

Table o f Contents 

 6/21/2028 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components Infinite Bidco, LLC (9) L + 3/2/2028 Presidio, Inc. (8) SORF + 1/22/2027 Entertainment Recorded Books, Inc. (8) SOFR + 8/29/2025 Health Care Equipment Supplies Auris Luxembourg III Sarl (8) L + 2/27/2026 Resonetics, LLC (10) L + 4/28/2028 Sunshine Luxembourg VII S. r.l, LLC (10) L + 10/1/2026 Health Care Providers Services ADMI Corp. (9) L + 12/23/2027 Electron Bidco, Inc. (9) L + 11/1/2028 LifePoint Health, Inc. (8) L + 11/16/2025 Pediatric Associates Holding Co., LLC (7)(9) L + 12/29/2028 Surgery Centers Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 8/31/2026 Health Care Technology athenahealth, Inc. (7)(9) SOFR + 2/15/2029 Netsmart Technologies, Inc. (10) L + 10/1/2027 Verscend Holding Corp. (8) L + 8/27/2025 Waystar Technologies, Inc. (8) L + 10/22/2026 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Alterra Mountain Company (9) L + 8/17/2028 Fertitta Entertainment, LLC (9) SOFR + 1/27/2029 IRB Holding Corp. (10) SOFR + 12/15/2027 Mic Glen, LLC (9) L + 7/21/2028 Tacala Investment Corp. (10) L + 2/5/2027 Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 10/2/2028 Whatabrands, LLC (9) L + 8/3/2028 Household Durables AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. (9) SOFR + 7/31/2028 
 270 

Table o f Contents 

 3/31/2028 SPX Flow, Inc. (9) SOFR + 4/5/2029 Vertical US Newco, Inc. (9) L + 7/30/2027 Insurance Acrisure LLC (9) L + 2/15/2027 Acrisure LLC (9) L + 2/15/2027 Alliant Holdings Intermediate, LLC (8) L + 5/9/2025 Alliant Holdings Intermediate, LLC (9) L + 11/6/2027 AssuredPartners, Inc. (9) L + 2/12/2027 Baldwin Risk Partners, LLC (9) L + 10/14/2027 BroadStreet Partners, Inc. (8) L + 1/27/2027 Howden Group Holdings Limited (10) L + 11/12/2027 HUB International Limited (10) L + 4/25/2025 NFP Corp. (8) L + 2/15/2027 Interactive Media Services MH Sub I, LLC (11) L + 9/13/2024 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (9) L + 5/30/2026 IT Services Dcert Buyer, Inc. (8) SOFR + 10/16/2026 Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (10) L + 2/10/2028 Virtusa Corp. (10) L + 2/11/2028 Leisure Products Motion Finco, LLC (8) L + 11/12/2026 Life Sciences Tools Services Curia Global, Inc. (10) L + 8/30/2026 LSCS Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 12/16/2028 Packaging Coordinators Midco, Inc. (10) L + 11/30/2027 Machinery Pro Mach Group, Inc. (11) L + 8/31/2028 Titan Acquisition Ltd. (8) L + 3/28/2025 
 271 

Table o f Contents 

 9/25/2026 Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels CQP Holdco, LP (9) L + 6/5/2028 Professional Services APFS Staffing Holdings, Inc. (4)(9) SOFR + 12/29/2028 Aqgen Island Holdings, Inc. (9) L + 8/2/2028 Camelot US Acquisition LLC (4)(11) SOFR + 10/30/2026 Cast Crew Payroll, LLC (8) L + 2/9/2026 Deerfield Dakota Holding, LLC (11) SOFR + 4/9/2027 Inmar, Inc. (11) L + 5/1/2024 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Co. (8) SOFR + 5/23/2025 VT Topco, Inc. (7)(10) L + 8/1/2025 Software Apex Group Treasury, LLC (9) L + 7/27/2028 Apttus Corp. (10) L + 5/8/2028 Boxer Parent Company, Inc. (8) L + 10/2/2025 Cloudera, Inc. (9) L + 10/8/2028 ConnectWise, LLC (9) L + 9/29/2028 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (9) L + 10/16/2028 ECI Macola Max Holding, LLC (10) L + 11/9/2027 Epicor Software Corp. (10) L + 7/30/2027 GI Consilio Parent, LLC (9) L + 5/12/2028 Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC (10) L + 12/1/2027 HS Purchaser, LLC (10) SOFR + 11/19/2026 Idera, Inc. (10) L + 3/2/2028 Mitnick Purchaser, Inc. (9) SOFR + 5/2/2029 NortonLifeLock, Inc. (9) SOFR + 9/12/2029 Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. (8) L + 4/26/2024 RealPage, Inc. (9) L + 4/24/2028 Rocket Software, Inc. (8) L + 11/28/2025 S2P Acquisition Borrower, Inc. (8) SOFR + 8/14/2026 Sophia, LP (9) L + 10/7/2027 Sovos Compliance, LLC (9) L + 8/11/2028 Surf Holdings, LLC (8) L + 3/5/2027 Symphony Technology Group (5)(10) L + 7/27/2028 Symphony Technology Group (5)(9) SOFR + 3/1/2029 
 272 

Table o f Contents 

 5/4/2026 TransDigm Inc (12) SOFR + 2/22/2027 Vision Solutions, Inc. (10) L + 4/24/2028 Specialty Retail EG America, LLC (9) L + 3/31/2026 Trading Companies Distributors Icebox Holdco III, Inc. (9) L + 12/22/2028 SRS Distribution, Inc. (9) SOFR + 6/2/2028 Wireless Telecommunication Services CCI Buyer, Inc. (10) SOFR + 12/17/2027 Total First Lien Debt Total Investment Portfolio Cash and Cash Equivalents Other Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, issuers of debt and equity investments held by the Company (which such term Company shall include the Company s consolidated subsidiaries for purposes of this Consolidated Schedule of Investments) are denominated in dollars. All debt investments are income producing unless otherwise indicated. All equity investments are non-income producing unless otherwise noted. Certain portfolio company investments are subject to contractual restrictions on sales. The total par amount (in thousands) is presented for debt investments, while the number of shares or units (in whole amounts) owned is presented for equity investments. Each of the Company s investments is pledged as collateral, under one or more of its credit facilities unless otherwise indicated. 
 (2) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that is determined by reference to either LIBOR L ), Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR or C ), Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate SONIA or S ), Euro Interbank Offer Rate Euribor or E ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR"), or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate F or the U.S. Prime Rate P )), which generally resets periodically. For each loan, the Company has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. Variable rate loans typically include an interest reference rate floor feature. For each such loan, the Company has provided the interest rate in effect on the date presented. 
 (3) The cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of discounts and premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 
 (4) These investments were valued using unobservable inputs and are considered Level 3 investments. 
 (5) These debt investments are not pledged as collateral under any of the Company's credit facilities. For other debt investments that are pledged to the Company's credit facilities, a single investment may be divided into parts that are individually pledged as collateral to separate credit facilities. 
 (6) For unsettled positions the interest rate does not include the base rate. 
 (7) Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded portion, although the investment may be subject to unused commitment fees. Negative cost and fair value results from unamortized fees, which are capitalized to the investment cost. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date that may expire prior to the maturity date stated. See below for more information on the Company s unfunded commitments (all commitments are first lien, unless otherwise noted): 
 Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated Commitment Type Commitment Expiration Date Unfunded Commitment Fair Value First Lien Debt athenahealth, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 2/15/2029 ) Pediatric Associates Holding Co., LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 12/29/2028 ) VT Topco, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 8/1/2025 ) Total Unfunded Commitments ) 
 
 (8) There are no interest rate floors on these investments. 
 273 

Table o f Contents 

 . 
 (10) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (11) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (12) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 (13) The interest rate floor on these investments as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 The following table presents the selected consolidated statement of assets and liabilities information of the Verdelite JV as of December 31, 2022: 
 at December 31, 2022) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Receivable for investments sold Total assets LIABILITIES Debt Interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities MEMBERS EQUITY Members Equity Total Members Equity Total liabilities and member s equity 
 The following table presents the selected consolidated statement of operations information of the Verdelite JV as of December 31, 2022: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Investment income: From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: Interest income Other income Total investment income Expenses: Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Net investment income before taxes Tax Expense Net investment income after taxes Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Net realized gain (loss) on investments Total net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) 

274 

Table o f Contents 

 borrowers, equity investments, cash and other assets (collectively, the Assets for an aggregate purchase price of million. The purchase price represents the fair market value of the Assets of million determined pursuant to the Company s valuation procedures (including approval of the valuations by the Company s Board after review of reports provided by independent valuation providers) within 48 hours of the closing, less the amount of assumed borrowings (including accrued interest) of million. The Seller is an entity owned and controlled by a third party and advised by an affiliate of the Adviser. An affiliate of the Adviser owns an approximately non-voting interest in the Seller. The acquisition of Twin Peaks was funded with cash on hand, which primarily consists of proceeds from the Company s offering of its Common Shares. 
 Pursuant to the Twin Peaks Purchase Agreement, the Company purchased of the limited liability company interests in Twin Peaks, which directly holds Assets and wholly-owned financing subsidiaries (the Financing Subsidiaries ), each of which directly holds Assets. Each of the Financing Subsidiaries (Denali Peak Funding and Siris Peak Funding) are now indirectly wholly-owned by the Company and have entered into credit facilities that have been assumed by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
 Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Debt Interest payable Total liabilities NET ASSETS Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets 
 
 Note 13. 
 ) Accumulated net realized gain (loss) ) Paid In Capital ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, permanent differences were principally related to non-deductible offering costs, gains and losses related to foreign currency, and partnership investments. 
 275 

Table o f Contents 

 Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation ) Realized gain (loss) for tax not included in book income ) Non-deductible capital gains incentive fee ) Other timing differences and non-deductible expenses Realized losses for tax not recognized Taxable/distributable income 
 The components of accumulated gains / losses as calculated on a tax basis for the taxable years ended Capital loss carryfoward ) Other temporary book/tax differences ) ) Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments, derivatives, and foreign currency ) Total accumulated under-distributed (over-distributed) earnings ) 
 Under the Regulated Investment Company Modernization Act of 2010, net capital losses recognized by the Fund may get carried forward indefinitely, and retain their character as short term and/or long term losses. Any such losses will be deemed to arise on the first day of the next taxable year. Capital losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, which will be deemed to arise on the first day of the tax year ended December 31, 2023, were as follows: 
 Long-term: 
 Gross unrealized depreciation ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Tax cost of investments 
 Of the dividends declared during the year ended December 31, 2022, million and million were derived from ordinary income and capital gains, respectively, as determined on a tax basis. All of the dividends declared during the year ended December 31, 2021 were derived from ordinary income, as determined on a tax basis. 
 
 BCRED Investments LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in 2021, is a Delaware LLC which has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. tax purposes. As such, BCRED Investments LLC is subject to U.S. Federal, state and local taxes. For the Company's tax years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, BCRED Investments LLC activity did not result in a material provision for income taxes. 
 
 276 

Table o f Contents 

Note 14. 
 million of net proceeds, inclusive of distributions reinvested through the Company's distribution reinvestment plan, relating to the issuance of Class I shares, Class S shares, and Class D shares for subscriptions effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 On January 25, 2023, the Company s Board declared net distributions of per Class I share, per Class S share, and per Class D share, which is payable on February 24, 2023 to shareholders of record as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 February Subscriptions and Dividend Declarations 
 
 The Company received approximately million of net proceeds, inclusive of distributions reinvested through the Company's distribution reinvestment plan, relating to the issuance of Class I, Class D and Class S shares for subscriptions effective February 1, 2023. 
 
 On February 24, 2023, the Company s Board declared net distributions of per Class I share, per Class S share, and per Class D share, which is payable on March 29, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 28, 2023. 
 277 

Table o f Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 There are not and have not been any disagreements between the Company and its accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices, or financial statement disclosure. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the 1934 Act, we, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the 1934 Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework). Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
 Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 and Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act require an issuer to disclose in its annual and quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in specified activities or transactions relating to Iran. We are required to include certain disclosures in our periodic reports if we or any of our affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) knowingly engaged in certain specified activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by United States' economic sanctions during the period covered by the report. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Neither Blackstone Credit nor any of its controlled affiliates or subsidiaries knowingly engaged in any of the specified activities relating to Iran or otherwise engaged in any activities associated with Iran during the reporting period. However, because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any person or entity that is under common control with us as well as any entity that controls us or is controlled by us. 
 Blackstone, which may be considered our affiliate, included the disclosure reproduced below in its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We have not independently verified or participated in preparation of this disclosure: 
 Atlantia S.p.A. provided the disclosure reproduced below in connection with activities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. We have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of this disclosure. 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Funds affiliated with Blackstone first invested in Atlantia S.p.A. on November 18, 2022 in connection with the voluntary public tender offer by Schema Alfa S.p.A. for all of the shares of Atlantia S.p.A., pursuant to which such funds obtained a minority non-controlling 
 278 

Table o f Contents 

 interest in Atlantia S.p.A. Atlantia S.p.A. owns and controls Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. ADR ), an operator of airports in Italy including Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport. Iran Air has historically operated periodic flights to and from Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport as authorized, from time to time, by an aviation-related bilateral agreement between Italy and Iran, scheduled in compliance with European Regulation 95/93, and approved by the Italian Civil Aviation Authority. ADR, as airport operator, is under a mandatory obligation to provide airport services to all air carriers (including Iran Air) authorized by the applicable Italian authority. The relevant turnover attributable to these activities (whose consideration is calculated on the basis of general tariffs determined by such independent Italian authority) in the quarter ended December 31, 2022 was less than 30,000. Atlantia S.p.A. does not track profits specifically attributable to these activities. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 279 

Table o f Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Management 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board. The responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, the oversight of our investment activities, the quarterly and non-quarterly valuation of our assets, oversight of our financing arrangements and corporate governance activities. Our Board consists of seven members, five of whom are not interested persons of the Company or of the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act and are independent, as determined by the Board. These individuals are referred to as independent Trustees. Our Board elects the Company s executive officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board. Effective May 2, 2022 the Board appointed Michelle Greene as a trustee of the Company. Effective May 3, 2022, Daniel H. Smith, Jr. resigned as a trustee of the Company. 
 Trustees 
 Information regarding the Board is as follows: 
 Name Year of Birth Position Trustee Since Interested Trustee: Brad Marshall 1972 Trustee, Chairperson, and Co-Chief Executive Officer 2020 Vikrant Sawhney 1970 Trustee 2021 Independent Trustees: Robert Bass 1949 Trustee 2020 Tracy Collins 1963 Trustee 2020 Vicki Fuller 1957 Trustee 2020 James F. Clark 1961 Trustee 2020 Michelle Greene 1969 Trustee 2022 
 The address for each of our trustees is c/o Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10154. While we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our Board will be divided into three classes of trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. 
 Executive Officers Who are Not Trustees 
 Name Year of Birth Position Jonathan Bock 1982 Co-Chief Executive Officer Carlos Whitaker 1976 President Kevin Kresge 1983 Interim Chief Financial Officer Katherine Rubenstein 1978 Chief Operating Officer David Goldberg 1982 Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer Marisa J. Beeney 1970 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary William Renahan 1969 Chief Compliance Officer 
 (1) Effective as of January 10, 2023, the Board appointed Jonathan Bock to serve as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company. There are no family relationships between Mr. Bock and any director or executive officer of the Company, and he is not a party to any transaction that is required to be reported pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 (2) Effective September 9, 2022, Mr. Kresge was appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 (3) Effective July 27, 2022, Mr. Goldberg was appointed as Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer of the Company. 
 (4) Effective August 3, 2022, Mr. Renahan was appointed as Chief Compliance Officer. 
 The address for each executive officer is c/o Blackstone Private Credit Fund, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10154. 
 
 280 

Table o f Contents 

 Biographical Information 
 Our Trustees have been divided into two groups interested Trustees and independent Trustees. An interested Trustee is an interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Interested Trustees 
 Brad Marshall (Portfolio Manager) , Trustee, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Global Head of Private Credit Strategies and Senior Managing Director of Blackstone . Mr. Marshall is Co-CEO of both BCRED and Blackstone Secured Lending Fund BXSL ). Mr. Marshall also serves as a member of the private credit investment committees. Before joining Blackstone Credit in 2005, Mr. Marshall worked in various roles at RBC, including fixed income research and business development within RBC s private equity funds effort. Prior to RBC, Mr. Marshall helped develop a private equity funds business for TAL Global, a Canadian asset management division of CIBC, and prior to that, he co-founded a microchip verification software company where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Marshall received an M.B.A. from McGill University in Montreal and a B.A. (Honors) in Economics from Queen s University in Kingston, Canada. Mr. Marshall also serves on the board of trustees of BXSL. 
 Vikrant Sawhney , Senior Managing Director of Blackstone and Chief Administrative Officer . Mr. Sawhney currently serves as Chief Administrative Officer and Global Head of Institutional Client Solutions of Blackstone Inc. Since joining Blackstone in 2007, Mr. Sawhney started Blackstone Capital Markets and also served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Private Equity group. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Sawhney worked as a Managing Director in the Financial Sponsors Group at Deutsche Bank, and prior to that was an Associate at the law firm of Simpson Thacher Bartlett. Mr. Sawhney represented Blackstone as a Rockefeller Fellow during 2010-2011, and currently sits on the board of the Blackstone Charitable Foundation. He is also the Board Chair of Dream, an east Harlem-based educational and social services organization. He graduated from Dartmouth College and received a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Mr. Sawhney also serves on the board of trustees of BXSL. 
 Independent Trustees 
 Robert Bass. Mr. Bass has served on the board of Groupon, Inc. since June 2012. He served as a Vice Chairman of Deloitte Touche LLP from 2006 through June 2012, and was a Partner in Deloitte from 1982 through June 2012, where he specialized in e-commerce, mergers and acquisitions, SEC filings and related issues. At Deloitte, Mr. Bass was responsible for all services provided to Forstmann Little and its portfolio companies and was the advisory partner for Blackstone, DIRECTV, 24 Hour Fitness, McKesson, IMG and CSC. In addition, he has been an advisory partner for RR Donnelley, Automatic Data Processing, Community Health Systems, and Avis Budget. Mr. Bass has served on the board of directors of Sims Metal Management (ASX: SGM.AX) and as a member of the risk and audit committee from September 2013 to December 31, 2018, including as Chairman of the risk and audit committee from November 2014, the board of directors and as a member of the audit committee of Apex Tool Group, LLC since December 2014, including as Chairman of the audit committee since April 2015, the board of directors and as Chairman of the audit committee of New Page Corporation from January 2013 (emergence from chapter XI) to January 2015 (sale of the company), and the board of directors and as Chairman of the audit committee of Redfin Corporation (NASDAQ: RDFN) since October 2016. Mr. Bass served on the board of directors of Bowlero Corporation and as the chairman of the audit committee starting in December 2021. Mr. Bass is a certified public accountant licensed in New York and Connecticut. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Connecticut State Society of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Bass also serves on the board of trustees of BXSL. 
 Tracy Collins. Ms. Collins is an independent finance professional and most recently served as CEO to SmartFinance LLC (2013-2017), a Fintech startup purchased by MidFirst Bank in December of 2017. During her career in financial services, Ms. Collins worked as a Senior Managing Director (Partner) and Head of Asset-Backed Securities Research at Bear Stearns Co., Inc. for six years and prior to that as a Managing Director (Partner) and Head of Asset-Backed Securities and Structured Products at Credit Suisse (formerly known as Credit Suisse First Boston) for nine years. During her tenure as a structured product specialist, Ms. Collins was consistently recognized as a First Team All American Research Analyst. Ms. Collins served as an independent director for KKR Financial from August 2006 to May 2014. She graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in the Plan II Honors Program. Ms. Collins spouse is the founder, managing partner and co-CIO of Good Hill Partners LP Good Hill ). Good Hill is a registered investment adviser that manages various types of collective investment vehicles and investment accounts. Affiliates of the Adviser (but not the Adviser) have invested on behalf of their clients in Good Hill-managed vehicles or accounts since 2010, and the amount of such investment is material to Good Hill. Ms. Collins also serves on the board of trustees of BXSL. 
 Vicki Fuller . Ms. Fuller is founder and CEO of VLF Development LLC, where she oversees the execution of complex institutional advisory assignments. She previously has served as a Director of The Williams Companies, Inc. since 2018. Ms. Fuller joined the board of The Williams Companies, Inc. to 2021, which she joined after retirement from the New York State Common Retirement Fund NYSCRF ), where she served as Chief Investment Officer beginning in August from 2012 to 2018. NYSCRF is the third largest public pension fund in the nation and holds and invests the assets of the New York State and 
 281 

Table o f Contents 

 Local Retirement System on behalf of more than one million state and local government employees and retirees and their beneficiaries. Prior to joining NYSCRF, Ms. Fuller spent 27 years in leadership positions at AllianceBernstein Holding L.P., a global investment manager with more than 500 billion in assets under management. She joined the company in 1993 from the Equitable Capital Management Corporation, which was acquired by Alliance Capital Management LP (in 2000, the company became AllianceBernstein LP after the company acquired Sanford C. Bernstein). In 2021, Ms. Fuller was appointed to the board of directors of Gusto, a company that provides cloud-based payroll, benefits and human resource management software for businesses. In 2019, Ms. Fuller was appointed to the board of directors of Treliant, LLC, an international multi-industry consulting firm specializing in regulatory requirements. In 2018, Ms. Fuller was appointed to the Board of Trustees for Fidelity Equity and High Income Funds. Ms. Fuller, who was inducted into the National Association of Securities Professionals Wall Street Hall of Fame, was named to Chief Investment Officer Magazine s Power 100 and received the Urban Technology Center s Corporate Leadership Award. She has also been named one of the most powerful African Americans on Wall Street by Black Enterprise. Ms. Fuller also serves on the board of trustees of BXSL. 
 James F. Clark. Mr. Clark has served as a Partner with Sound Shore Management, Inc. Sound Shore ), which he joined in 2004. At Sound Shore, Mr. Clark is a generalist on the investment team, responsible for the firm s investments in energy, industrials, materials, and utilities. His tenure also includes heading Sound Shore s Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Committee and having served on its Investment Committee and operating committee. Previously, Mr. Clark worked at Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB) from 1984 to 2004, most recently as a Managing Director from 1996 to 2004. At CSFB, Mr. Clark served as Head of US Equity Research, from 2000-2004, and as the firm s International and Domestic Oil Analyst, from 1989-2000. Mr. Clark was selected to Institutional Investor magazine s All America Research teams, 1993-1999. Mr. Clark was also named a Wall Street Journal All-Star Analyst, for both International and Domestic Oils from 1993-1999. Mr. Clark was also recognized by the Wall Street Journal as an All-Star Analyst from 1994 to 1999, and named to that newspaper s All-Star Analyst Hall of Fame in 1998 and 1999. Mr. Clark has an M.B.A. from Harvard University and a B.A. from Williams College, cum laude and with highest honors. Mr. Clark also served as a winter adjunct faculty member at Williams College, 2020-2021. brings a broad range of knowledge and experience with investing in and analyzing securities investments, and his experience managing investments is a significant resource for the Company. Mr. Clark also serves on the board of trustees of BXSL. 
 Michelle Greene. Ms. Greene is President Emeritus and a Board member and Advisor to the Long-Term Stock Exchange LTSE ), a venture-backed, SEC-approved National Market System exchange with listing standards designed to support companies seeking to partner with long-term shareholders, engage a broad group of stakeholders and build their businesses over time. In this role, she provides guidance to executives on governance and policy issues, including related to ESG, the role of the board, long-term investor and stakeholder engagement and IPOs. She also is on the Board of Directors and a Fellow at the Aspen Institute Business Society Program, which works with executives, investors, and scholars to align business decisions and investments with the long-term health of society and the planet. Prior to LTSE, Ms. Greene was Senior Vice President and Head of Global Corporate Responsibility at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), where she launched and led its global ESG team, advised Fortune 500 companies on sustainability programs and served as Executive Director of the NYSE Foundation. Previously, she served at the U.S. Department of the Treasury under two administrations, working on financial markets policy, including government response to the 2008 financial crisis and policy development on financial inclusion. Ms. Greene was also a Consultant at McKinsey Company and led the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard University, having begun her career as a corporate securities lawyer. Ms. Greene has been a member of recent Aspen Institute working groups on employee voice on corporate boards and executive compensation and previously served on World Economic Forum advisory boards on financial inclusion and gender parity. She was previously Executive Director of the President s Advisory Council on Financial Literacy and Financial Inclusion, a member of the White House Council on Women and Girls and an adjunct professor at Columbia University s School of International and Public Affairs. Ms. Greene graduated from Dartmouth College and received a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Ms. Greene also serves on the board of trustees of BXSL. 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees 
 Jonathan Bock , Co-Chief Executive Officer and Global Head of Market Research of Blackstone Credit and Senior Managing Director of Blackstone . Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Bock was the Chief Executive Officer of Barings BDC. In addition to this role, he served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Barings Private Credit Corporation, and Chief Financial Officer of Barings Capital Investment Corporation, Barings Corporate Investors, and Barings Participation Investors. Prior to joining Barings in July 2018, Mr. Bock was a Managing Director and Senior Equity Analyst at Wells Fargo Securities specializing in BDCs. He has actively followed the BDC space since 2006 and was the chief author of a leading BDC quarterly research publication: the BDC Scorecard. His research is often cited by Institutional Investor, The Wall Street Journal, Barron s, and other prominent financial publications. He is also published in the Journal of Alternative Investments. Prior to Wells Fargo, Mr. Bock followed the BDC industry at Stifel Nicolaus Company and A.G. Edwards Inc. Prior to entering sell- 
 282 

Table o f Contents 

 side research in 2006, Jonathan was an equity portfolio manager/analyst at Busey Wealth Management in Champaign, Illinois. Mr. Bock holds a bachelor s degree in finance from the University of Illinois College of Business and is a member of the CFA Institute. 
 Carlos Whitaker , President and Senior Managing Director of Blackstone . Before joining Blackstone Credit, Mr. Whitaker he was a Managing Director and Head of New York and Co-Head of EMEA Advisory Sales at Credit Suisse, where he began his career in 2000. Mr. Whitaker is a member of the McCombs School of Business Advisory Council at the University of Texas at Austin. He also sits on the boards of New York for McCombs and Rising Stars Capital Management, which is a nonprofit focused on improving diversity in the finance industry. Mr. Whitaker received a Bachelor of Arts from the Plan II Honors Program, a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and a Master s in Professional Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin. 
 Kevin Kresge , Interim Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Mr. Kresge is a Managing Director and Head of Finance for Blackstone Credit, Blackstone s credit investment platform. At Blackstone Credit, Mr. Kresge is responsible for valuations, financial planning and analysis, expense management and financial reporting. Prior to joining Blackstone Credit, Mr. Kresge served as Chief Financial Officer of the Private Wealth Solutions PWS group overseeing strategic planning, financial reporting, data management and business analytics. Prior to PWS, Mr. Kresge served as Chief Administrative Officer of the Strategic Incentives Group, responsible for the global execution, reporting compliance and technology related to firm s compensation programs and systems. Prior to that, Mr. Kresge was Head of Financial Planning and Analysis with responsibility for the company s global forecast process, business unit and firm-wide strategic planning, management reporting and various special projects. Before joining Blackstone in 2008, he held a number of roles in Finance and Global Markets and Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch. Mr. Kresge graduated magna cum laude from Villanova University with a B.S. in Finance and a B.S. in Accounting. 
 Katherine Rubenstein , Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Since joining Blackstone in 2015, Ms. Rubenstein created and led the GSO Advantage platform (now Blackstone Credit Advantage), which brings Blackstone s broad set of capabilities to drive operational efficiencies and growth for Blackstone Credit s portfolio companies. She subsequently created and led the Blackstone Advantage program, focusing on building networks and expanding access to resources for portfolio companies across Blackstone business units. Ms. Rubenstein is on the Blackstone Charitable Foundation Leadership Council and on the Board of Let s Get Ready, a non-profit organization that provides low-income and first generation to college students support to gain admission to and graduate from college. Before joining Blackstone, Ms. Rubenstein originated senior secured loans and equipment finance opportunities in the industrial, consumer, and retail sectors for GE Capital and prior to that worked in brand management at World Kitchen. Ms. Rubenstein received an M.B.A. from The Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University, where she was a Roy H. Park Leadership Fellow, and an A.B. from Dartmouth College. 
 David Goldberg, Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Mr. is a Managing Director with Blackstone in the Global Fund Finance group where he oversees the accounting, financial reporting and fund administration for Blackstone s credit, liquid and insurance funds. Mr. Goldberg previously served as the Company s Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer earlier this year. Before joining Blackstone in 2008, Mr. Goldberg was an AVP at Lehman Brothers in the Real Estate Private Equity Group overseeing two real estate mezzanine funds. Prior to that, Mr. Goldberg worked as a manager in the joint venture group at New Plan Excel Realty Trust. Mr. Goldberg began his career in the financial services group at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Goldberg received a B.A. from Queens College, City University of New York, where he graduated Cum Laude, with a major in Accounting and Information Systems and a minor in Economics. He is a licensed Certified Public Accountant. 
 Marisa J. Beeney , Chief Legal Officer, Secretary, Senior Managing Director and General Counsel of Blackstone Credit . Ms. Beeney oversees legal and compliance matters relating to Blackstone s credit focused business. Before joining Blackstone Credit in 2007, Ms. Beeney was an attorney at DLA Piper within the finance group. Prior to that, she worked at Latham Watkins primarily on project finance and development transactions, as well as leveraged finance transactions, restructurings and certain structured credit products. Ms. Beeney holds a B.S. in Engineering from Cornell University, and a J.D., magna cum laude, from Boston University. 
 William Renahan , Chief Compliance Officer and Managing Director of Blackstone . Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Renahan was a Senior Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer of Duff Phelps Investment Management and its affiliated funds. Prior to that he served for approximately 13 years at Legg Mason and predecessor firms as a Managing Director and Senior Counsel. Mr. Renahan has been an active member of the Investment Company Institute and served as Chairman of the ICI s Closed-End Fund Committee from 2014-2018. He holds a B.A. from Hobart College, a J.D., cum laude, from Albany Law School (where he was also an editor of the Albany Law Review), and a Master of Laws in Taxation from New York University School of Law. 
 283 

Table o f Contents 

 Board Leadership Structure 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Among other things, our Board sets broad policies for us and approves the appointment of our investment adviser, administrator and officers. The role of our Board, and of any individual Trustee, is one of oversight and not of management of our day-to-day affairs. 
 Under our bylaws, our Board may designate one of our Trustees as chair to preside over meetings of our Board and meetings of shareholders, and to perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by our Board. The Board has appointed Brad Marshall to serve in the role of chairperson of the Board. The chairperson s role is to preside at all meetings of the Board and to act as a liaison with the Adviser, counsel and other Trustees generally between meetings. The chairperson serves as a key point person for dealings between management and the Trustees. The chairperson also may perform such other functions as may be delegated by the Board from time to time. The Board reviews matters related to its leadership structure annually. The Board has determined that its leadership structure is appropriate because it allows the Board to exercise informed and independent judgment over the matters under its purview and it allocates areas of responsibility among committees of Trustees and the full board in a manner that enhances effective oversight. 
 Our Board believes that its leadership structure is the optimal structure for us at this time. Our Board, which will review its leadership structure periodically as part of its annual self-assessment process, further believes that its structure is presently appropriate to enable it to exercise its oversight of us. 
 Board Role in Risk Oversight 
 Our Board performs its risk oversight function primarily through (i) its standing committees, which report to the entire Board and are comprised solely of independent Trustees, and (ii) active monitoring of our chief compliance officer and our compliance policies and procedures. Oversight of other risks is delegated to the committees. 
 Oversight of our investment activities extends to oversight of the risk management processes employed by the Adviser as part of its day-to-day management of our investment activities. The Board anticipates reviewing risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of the Adviser as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board s risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with our investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. Investors should note, however, that the Board's oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of investments. 
 We believe that the role of our Board in risk oversight is effective and appropriate given the extensive regulation to which we are already subject as a BDC. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements that control the levels of risk in our business and operations. For example, we are limited in our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates, including investing in any portfolio company in which one of our affiliates currently has an investment. 
 Committees of the Board of Trustees 
 Committees 
 Our Board currently has two committees: an Audit Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee. We do not have a compensation committee because our executive officers do not receive any direct compensation from us. Under the Declaration of Trust, the Company is not required to hold annual meetings. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board. The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the audit committee. The primary function of the audit committee is to serve as an independent and objective party to assist the Board in selecting, engaging and discharging our independent accountants, reviewing the plans, scope and results of the audit engagement with our independent accountants, approving professional services provided by our independent accountants (including compensation therefore), reviewing the independence of our independent accountants and reviewing the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting. The audit committee is presently composed of five persons, including Robert Bass, Tracy Collins, Vicki Fuller, James F. Clark, and Michelle Greene all of whom are considered independent for purposes of the 1940 Act. Robert Bass serves as the chair of the Audit Committee. Our Board of Trustees has determined that Robert Bass qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Each of the members of the audit committee meet the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and, in addition, is not an interested person of the Company or of the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
 A copy of the charter of the Audit Committee is available in print to any shareholder who requests it, and it will also be available on the Company s website at www.bcred.com . 
 284 

Table o f Contents 

 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 The Nominating and Governance Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board. The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the nominating and governance committee, including making nominations for the appointment or election of independent Trustees. The nominating and governance committee consists of five persons, including Robert Bass, Tracy Collins, Vicki Fuller, James F. Clark, and Michelle Greene all of whom are considered independent for purposes of the 1940 Act. Tracy Collins serves as the chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 
 The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider nominees to the Board of Trustees recommended by a shareholder, if such shareholder complies with the advance notice provisions of our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a shareholder who wishes to nominate a person for election as a Trustee at a meeting of shareholders must deliver written notice to our Corporate Secretary. This notice must contain, as to each nominee, all of the information relating to such person as would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement meeting the requirements of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, and certain other information set forth in the bylaws. In order to be eligible to be a nominee for election as a Trustee by a shareholder, such potential nominee must deliver to our Corporate Secretary a written questionnaire providing the requested information about the background and qualifications of such person and a written representation and agreement that such person is not and will not become a party to any voting agreements, any agreement or understanding with any person with respect to any compensation or indemnification in connection with service on the Board, and would be in compliance with all of our publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and share ownership and trading policies and guidelines. 
 A copy of charter of the Nominating and Governance Committee is available in print to any shareholder who requests it, and it will also be available on the Company s website at www.bcred.com. 
 Communications to the Board of Trustees 
 Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members) of the Board by mail. To communicate with the Board, any individual Trustees or any group or committee of Trustees, correspondence should be addressed to the Board or any such individual Trustees or group or committee of Trustees by either name or title. All such correspondence should be sent c/o Blackstone Private Credit Fund, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10154, Attention: Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act requires our executive officers, members of our Board, and persons who own more than ten percent of our shares to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, such persons complied with all such filing requirements. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions . Personnel subject to each code can invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that can be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You can view the code of ethics on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 285 

Table o f Contents 

 Dollar Range of Equity Securities Beneficially Owned by Directors 
 The following table sets forth the dollar range of equity securities of the Company beneficially owned by each trustee as of March 13, 2023: Dollar Range of 
 Equity Securities 
 in the Company (1)(2) 
 Dollar Range of 
 Equity Securities 
 in the Fund Complex (1)(2)(3) 
 Interested Trustees Brad Marshall over 100,000 over 100,000 Vikrant Sawhney (4) 
 over 100,000 over 100,000 Independent Trustees Robert Bass over 100,000 over 100,000 Tracy Collins None None Vicki Fuller None None James F. Clark over 100,000 over 100,000 Michelle Greene (4) 
 None None 
 (1) Dollar ranges are as follows: none, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000, or over 100,000. 
 (2) Dollar ranges were determined using the number of shares that are beneficially owned as of March 13, 2023, multiplied by the Company s net asset value per share as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The "Fund Complex" consists of the Company, Blackstone Secured Lending Fund, the Blackstone Credit Closed-End Funds (Blackstone Senior Floating Rate Term Fund, Blackstone Long-Short Credit Income Fund, Blackstone Strategic Credit Fund and Blackstone Floating Rate Enhanced Income Fund) and Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund. 
 (4) Ms. Greene joined the Board on May 2, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Executive Compensation 
 None of our executive officers will receive direct compensation from us. We will reimburse the Administrator the allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Administrator (or its affiliates) to our chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs as well as other administrative personnel (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business and affairs). The members of the Investment Committee, through their financial interests in the Adviser, are entitled to a portion of the profits earned by the Adviser, which includes any fees payable to the Adviser under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, less expenses incurred by the Adviser in performing its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Further, we are prohibited under the 1940 Act from issuing equity incentive compensation, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and stock, to our officers, directors and employees. 
 Compensation of Trustees 
 Our Trustees who do not also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or the Adviser are entitled to receive annual cash retainer fees, fees for participating in the in-person board and committee meetings and annual fees for serving as a committee chairperson, determined based on our net assets as of the end of each fiscal quarter. These Trustees are Robert Bass, Tracy Collins, Vicki Fuller, James F. Clark, and Michelle Greene. Amounts payable under the arrangement are determined and 
 286 

Table o f Contents 

 paid quarterly in arrears as follows: Total Compensation earned from the Company for Fiscal Year 2022 (3) Total Compensation earned from Fund Complex for Fiscal Year 2022 (4) Interested Trustees Brad Marshall (1) Vikrant Sawhney (1) Independent Trustees Robert Bass (2) 194,625 385,125 Tracy Collins 186,500 367,000 Vicki Fuller 186,500 367,000 James F. Clark 186,500 367,000 Michelle Greene (5) 122,158 241,816 
 (1) These are interested trustees and, as such, do not receive compensation from the Company or the Fund Complex for their services as trustees. 
 (2) Includes compensation as chairman of the Audit Committee 
 (3) The Company does not have a profit-sharing plan, and trustees do not receive any pension or retirement benefits from the Company. 
 (4) The Blackstone Credit Closed-End Funds and Blackstone Alternative Multi Strategy Fund do not pay compensation to the trustees of the Company. Blackstone Secured Lending Fund does pay compensation to the Independent Trustees of the Company. 
 (5) Ms. Greene joined the Board on May 2, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 13, 2023, the beneficial ownership of each current trustee, the Company s executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding shares, and the executive officers and trustees as a group. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 949,326,276 shares outstanding as of March 13, 2023. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the shares. Ownership information for those persons who beneficially own 5 or more of our shares is based upon filings by such persons with the SEC and other information obtained from such persons, if available. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power and has the same address as the Company. Our trustees are divided into two groups interested and independent. Interested trustees are interested persons of the Company or the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all executive officers and trustees is 345 Park Avenue, 31st floor, New York, New York 10154. 
 287 

Table o f Contents 

 Type of Ownership Number Percentage Interested Trustees Brad Marshall Record/Beneficial 71,723 Vikrant Sawhney Record/Beneficial 42,123 Independent Trustees Robert Bass Record/Beneficial 4,782 Tracy Collins Vicki Fuller James F. Clark Record/Beneficial 16,735 Michelle Greene Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors Jonathan Bock Carlos Whitaker Kevin Kresge Katherine Rubenstein Record/Beneficial 3,263 David Goldberg Marisa J. Beeney Record/Beneficial 986 William Renahan All Trustees and Executive Officers as a Group (14 persons) 139,612 
 Less than 1 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Transactions with Related Persons 
 Investment Advisory Agreement; Administration Agreement 
 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we pay the Adviser a management fee at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means the Company s total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We also pay the Adviser a two-part incentive fee based on (i) the amount by which our pre-incentive fee net investment income returns exceed a certain hurdle rate and (ii) our capital gains. In addition, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, we will reimburse the Adviser and Administrator for certain expenses as they occur. See Item 1. Business Investment Advisory Agreement, Item 1. Business Administration Agreement, and Item 1. Business Payment of Our Expenses under the Investment Advisory and Administration Agreements. Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated, each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of independent trustees, or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 288 

Table o f Contents 

 Co-Investment Relief 
 We have in the past co-invested, and in the future may co-invest, with certain affiliates of the Adviser. We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the Company s Board has established Board Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Company will have the opportunity to participate with one or more Blackstone Credit BDCs, and other public or private Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board Criteria, Blackstone Credit must offer an opportunity for the Blackstone Credit BDCs to participate. The Blackstone Credit BDCs may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether Blackstone Credit determines that the investment is appropriate for the Blackstone Credit BDCs (e.g., based on investment strategy). The co-investment is generally allocated to us, any other Blackstone Credit BDCs (including Blackstone Secured Lending Fund) and the other Blackstone Credit funds that target similar assets pro rata based on available capital in the applicable asset class. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 Transactions with Promoters and Certain Control Persons 
 The Adviser may be deemed a promoter of the Company. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser and the Administration Agreement with the Administrator. The Adviser, for its services to us, are entitled to receive management fees and incentive fees in addition to the reimbursement of certain expenses. The Administrator, for its services to us, are entitled to receive reimbursement of certain expenses. In addition, under the Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in the discretion of our Board, we have indemnified the Adviser and the Administrator and certain of their affiliates. See Item 1. Business . 
 Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons 
 The Board will conduct quarterly reviews of any potential related party transactions brought to its attention and, during these reviews, it will consider any conflicts of interest brought to its attention pursuant to the Company s compliance policies and procedures. Each of the Company s trustees and executive officers is subject to the Company s Code of Ethics, which places restrictions on related party transactions, and is instructed and periodically reminded to inform the Company s Chief Compliance Officer or her designee of any potential related party transactions. In addition, each such trustee and executive officer completes a questionnaire on an annual basis designed to elicit information about any potential related party transactions. 
 Trustee Independence 
 For information regarding the independence of our trustees, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Audit Fees 
 The aggregate audit fees billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 1.0 million and 0.6 million, respectively. 
 Fees included in the audit fees category are those associated with the annual audit of the Company s financial statements and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 The aggregate audit-related fees billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 0.2 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 
 Audit-related fees are for any services rendered to the Company that are reasonably related to the performance of the audits or reviews of the Company s consolidated financial statements (but not reported as audit fees above). These services include attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 No audit related fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 289 

Table o f Contents 

 Tax Fees 
 No tax fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for services rendered to the Company for professional tax services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Fees included in the tax fees category comprise all services performed by professional staff in the independent registered public accountant s tax division except those services related to the audits. This category comprises fees for services provided in connection with the preparation and review of the Company s tax returns. 
 No tax fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 All Other Fees 
 No fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for products and services provided to the Company, other than the services reported in Audit Fees and Audit-Related Fees above, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 No fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Aggregate Non-Audit Fees 
 No non-audit fees were billed to the Adviser and service affiliates by Deloitte Touche LLP for non-audit services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. This includes any non-audit services required to be pre-approved or non-audit services that did not require pre-approval since they did not directly relate to the Company s operations or financial reporting. 
 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Provided to the Company 
 As part of this responsibility, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services performed by our independent auditor in order to assure that the performance of these services does not impair the auditor s independence from the Company. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has adopted a Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor Services Policy (the Policy ), which sets forth the conditions and procedures governing the pre-approval of services that the Independent Auditor proposes to provide. Our independent auditor has reviewed the Policy and has confirmed that the implementation of the Policy will not adversely affect its independence. 
 The Policy describes the audit, audit-related, tax and other services for the Company that have the pre-approval of the Audit Committee. The term of any pre-approval is 12 months from the date of pre-approval or until the next annual Independent Auditor services engagement is pre-approved, whichever is later. The Audit Committee will periodically revise the list of pre-approved services based on subsequent determinations. 
 Annual Approval 
 On an annual basis, at the time of the appointment of our independent auditor and such other times as determined by the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee will consider and approve the services (including audit, audit-related, tax and all other services) that the Independent Auditor may initiate. The term of any pre-approval is 12 months from the date of the pre-approval or until the next annual Independent Auditor services engagement is pre-approved, whichever is later, unless the Audit Committee specifically provides for a different period. Summary descriptions of the types of services the Audit Committee believes are appropriate for annual approval are provided under the Policy. In addition, in connection with the annual pre-approval of services, the Audit Committee will supplementally review and approve a detailed presentation that sets forth the types of audit, audit-related, tax and other services proposed to be provided by the Independent Auditor, which shall include estimates of the fees for such services (the Services Proposal ). The Audit Committee may periodically revise the list of pre-approved services based on subsequent determinations. 
 Specific Pre-Approval 
 Specific pre-approval is required for the provision of certain audit services as described in the Policy. In addition, if a service proposed to be performed by the Independent Auditor does not fall within an existing pre-approval, either because it is a new type of service or because provision of the service would cause the Independent Auditor to exceed the maximum dollar amount approved for a particular type of service, the proposed service will require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee. 
 290 

Table o f Contents 

 De Minimis Exception 
 In the event that the Independent Auditor is inadvertently engaged other than by the Audit Committee for a non-audit service, such engagement will not be a violation of the Policy if: (i) any and all such services do not aggregate to more than 5 of total revenues paid by the Company to the Independent Auditor in the fiscal year when services are provided; (ii) the services were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; (iii) the services are promptly brought to the attention of the Committee and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the Committee or one or more designated representatives; and (iv) separate disclosure of the services retroactively approved under this exception is made in accordance with the proxy disclosure rules. 
 The Audit Committee has considered these fees and the nature of the services rendered, and has concluded that they are compatible with maintaining the independence of Deloitte Touche LLP. The Audit Committee did not approve any of the audit-related, tax, or other non-audit fees described above pursuant to the de minimis exceptions set forth in Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) and Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. Deloitte Touche LLP did not provide any audit-related services, tax services or other non-audit services to the Adviser or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser that provides ongoing services to the Company that the Audit Committee was required to approve pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. The Audit Committee considered whether any provision of non-audit services rendered to the Adviser and any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Adviser that provides ongoing services to the Company that were not pre-approved by the Audit Committee because the engagement did not relate directly to the operations and financial reporting of the Company is compatible with maintaining Deloitte Touche LLP s independence. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 
 (1) Financial Statements Financial statements are included in Item 8. See the Index to the consolidated financial statements on page 119 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules None. We have omitted financial statement schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) Exhibits The following is a list of all exhibits filed as a part of this annual report on Form 10-K, including those incorporated by reference 
 Please note that the agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-K are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2023). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2021). 
 4.1 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 2, 2021). 
 4.2 Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2021, by and among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 16, 2021). 
 
 291 

Table o f Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 4.3 Note Purchase Agreement, dated May 3, 2022, by and among the Registrant and the purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 4, 2022). 
 4.4 Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 11, 2022, by and among the Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 13, 2022). 
 4.5 Indenture, dated June 29, 2021, by and among BCRED BSL CLO 2021-1, Ltd. as issuer, BCRED BSL CLO 2021-1, LLC as co-issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 16, 2021). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 15, 2021). 
 4.6.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021, relating to the 1.750 Notes due 2024, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 15, 2021). 
 4.6.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021, relating to the 2.625 Notes due 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 15, 2021). 
 4.6.3 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2021, relating to the 1.750 Notes due 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 2, 2021). 
 4.6.4 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2021, relating to the 2.350 Notes due 2024, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2021). 
 4.6.5 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2021, relating to the 3.250 Notes due 2027, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2021). 
 4.6.6 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 18, 2022, relating to the 2.700 Notes due 2025, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2022). 
 4.6.7 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 18, 2022, relating to the 4.000 Notes due 2029, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2022). 
 4.6.8 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2022, relating to the 2.700 Notes due 2025, by and between the Fund and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 28, 2022). 
 4.6.9 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2022, relating to the 4.875 Notes due 2026, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 21, 2022). 
 4.6.10 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2022, relating to the 7.050 Notes due 2025, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 27, 2022). 
 4.6.11 Form of 1.750 Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021). 
 4.6.12 Form of 2.625 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021). 
 4.6.13 Form of 1.750 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2021). 
 4.6.14 Form of 2.350 Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2021). 
 
 292 

Table o f Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 4.6.15 Form of 3.250 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2021). 
 4.6.16 Form of 2.700 Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2022). 
 4.6.17 Form of 4.000 Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2022). 
 4.6.18 Form of 4.700 Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 28, 2022). 
 4.6.19 Form of 4.875 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 21, 2022). 
 4.6.20 Form of 7.050 Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 27, 2022). 
 4.10 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2021, relating to the September 2024 Notes, by and among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021). 
 4.11 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2021, relating to the December 2026 Notes, by and among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021). 
 4.12 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, relating to the November 2024 Notes, by and among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2021). 
 4.13 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, relating to the March 2027 Notes, by and among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2021). 
 4.14 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2022, relating to the January 2025 Notes, by and among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2022). 
 4.15 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2022, relating to the January 2029 Notes, by and among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 20, 2022). 
 4.16 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2022, relating to the March 2025 Notes, by and among the Fund and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 28, 2022) 
 4.17 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2022, relating to the September 2025 Notes, by and among the Fund and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 27, 2022). 
 4.18 Description of Securities. 
 
 293 

Table o f Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.1 Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement between the Registrant and the Adviser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 3, 2022). 
 10.3 Intermediary Manager Agreement between the Company and the Intermediary Manager, dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.4 Form of Selected Intermediary Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(2) to the Company's Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 30, 2020). 
 10.5 Distribution and Shareholder Servicing Plan of the Registrant, dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.6 Custodian Agreement between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.7 Administration Agreement between the Company and the Administrator, dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.8 Escrow Agreement by and among the Company, Blackstone Securities Partners L.P., and UMB Bank, N.A., dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.9 Agency Agreement between the Company and DST Systems, Inc., dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.10 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement by and between the Company and Adviser, dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.11 Multi-Class Plan, dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.12 Distribution Reinvestment Plan, dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2021). 
 10.13 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2021, by and among the Company, Twin Peaks Parent LLC, BCRED Twin Peaks LLC, Teacher Retirement System of Texas and Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2021). 
 10.14 Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2021, by and among BCRED Castle Peak Funding LLC, as borrower, the Company, as equityholder and collateral manager, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as custodian, collateral agent and collateral administrator (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2021). 
 10.14.1 Amendment No. 3, dated as of December 21, 2021, amending and restating the Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2021, by and among BCRED Castle Peak Funding LLC as borrower, the Company as equityholder and collateral manager, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and Wilmington Trust, National Associate, as custodian, collateral agent and collateral administrator. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 9, 2022) 
 10.15 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, the Company, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2021). 
 
 294 

Table o f Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.15.1 Second Amendment, dated as of May 27, 2021, amending and restating the Credit Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, the Company, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on march 9, 2022). 
 10.15.2 Sixth Amendment, dated as of May 5, 2022, amending and restating the Credit Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, the Company, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent. 
 10.15.3 Seventh Amendment, dated as of December 16, 2022, amending the Credit Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, the Company, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent. 
 10.15.4 Eighth Amendment, dated as of December 29, 2022, amending the Credit Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, the Company, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent. 
 10.16 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2021, by and among BCRED Bard Peak Funding LLC, as borrower, BNP Paribas as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as collateral agent and the Company as servicer and equityholder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 18, 2021). 
 10.16.1 Amendment No 4., dated as of November 18, 2021, amending and restating the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2021, by and among BCRED Bard Peak Funding LLC, as borrower BNP Paribas, as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as collateral agent and the Company as servicer and equity holder. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 9, 2022). 
 10.17 Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2018, by and among BCRED Denali Peak Funding LLC (f/k/a GSO Downing Street LLC), Twin Peaks (f/k/a GSO Direct Lending Fund-D LP), as servicer, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent, and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent and custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2021). 
 10.17.1 Third Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of September 30, 2021, amending and restating the Loan Financing Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2018, by and among BCRED Denali Peak Funding LLC (f/k/a GSO Downing Street LLC), Twin Peaks (f/k/a GSO Direct Lending Fund-D LP), as servicer, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association as collateral agent and custodian. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 9, 2022). 
 10.17.2 Joinder Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among BCRED Denali Peak Funding LLC, as borrower, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent and the financial institution identified therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 9, 2022). 
 10.18 Fourth Amendment to Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2022, by and among BCRED Denali Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Twin Peaks LLC, as servicer, the lenders party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral agent and collateral custodian, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent. 
 10.19 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and among BCRED Summit Peak Funding LLC, as borrower, Soci t Generale as agent and swingline lender, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral agent, custodian and collateral administrator and the Company as servicer and equityholder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2021). 
 
 295 

Table o f Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.19.1 Amendment No. 3, dated as of October 29, 2021, amending and restating the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and among BCRED Summit Peak Funding LLC, as borrower, Soci t Generale as agent and swingline lender, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral agent, collateral custodian and collateral administrator and the Company as servicer and equityholder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 15, 2021). 
 10.20 Amendment No. 4, dated as of March 17, 2022, amending and restating the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and among BCRED Summit Peak Funding LLC, as borrower, Soci t Generale as agent and swingline lender, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral agent, collateral custodian and collateral administrator and the Company as servicer and equityholder. 
 10.21 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2022, to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2021, by and among the Company, each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank N.A., as administrative agent, and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 12, 2022). 
 10.23 Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2022, by and among the Company, each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 12, 2022). 
 14 Code of Ethics. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 _______________________ 
 Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 296 

Table o f Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund Date: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ Brad Marshall Brad Marshall Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated on March 17, 2023. Name Title /s/ Brad Marshall Co-Chief Executive Officer and Trustee Brad Marshall /s/ Jonathan Bock Co-Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Bock /s/ Kevin Kresge Interim Chief Financial Officer Kevin Kresge /s/ David Goldberg Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Treasurer David Goldberg /s/ Vikrant Sawhney Trustee Vikrant Sawhney /s/ Robert Bass Trustee Robert Bass /s/ Tracy Collins Trustee Tracy Collins /s/ Vicki Fuller Trustee Vicki Fuller /s/ James F. Clark Trustee James F. Clark /s/ Michelle Greene Trustee Michelle Greene 
 
 297 

<EX-4.18>
 2
 bcred20221231-ex418.htm
 EX-4.18

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.18 

 General 
 The terms of the Declaration of Trust authorize an unlimited number of Common Shares of any class, par value 0.01 per share, of which 949,326,276 shares were outstanding as of March 13, 2023, and an unlimited number of shares of preferred shares, par value 0.01 per share. The Declaration of Trust provides that the Board of Trustees may classify or reclassify any unissued Common Shares into one or more classes or series of Common Shares or preferred shares by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, or limitations as to distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of the shares. There is currently no market for our Common Shares, and we can offer no assurances that a market for our shares will develop in the future. We do not intend for the shares offered under this prospectus to be listed on any national securities exchange. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our shares. No shares have been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, shareholders shall be entitled to the same limited liability extended to shareholders of private Delaware for profit corporations formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq. Our Declaration of Trust provides that no shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to us by reason of being a shareholder, nor shall any shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any person in connection with the Fund s assets or the affairs of the Fund by reason of being a shareholder. 
 None of our shares are subject to further calls or to assessments, sinking fund provisions, obligations of the Fund or potential liabilities associated with ownership of the security (not including investment risks). In addition, except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of Common Shares, no shareholder shall be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with any transaction. 
 Common Shares 
 Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, all Common Shares will have equal rights as to voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Dividends and distributions may be paid to the holders of our Common Shares if, as and when authorized by our Board of Trustees and declared by us out of funds legally available therefore. Except as may be provided by our Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, our Common Shares will have no preemptive, exchange, conversion, appraisal or redemption rights and will be freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract and except that, in order to avoid the possibility that our assets could be treated as plan assets, we may require any person proposing to acquire Common Shares to furnish such information as may be necessary to determine whether such person is a benefit plan investor or a controlling person, restrict or prohibit transfers of such shares or redeem any outstanding shares for such price and on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by or at the direction of the Board of Trustees. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our Common Shares would be entitled to share pro rata in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred shares, if any preferred shares are outstanding at such time. Subject to the rights of holders of any other class or series of shares, each share of our Common Shares will be entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of Trustees. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, and subject to the express terms of any class or series of preferred shares, the holders of our Common Shares will possess exclusive voting power. There will be no cumulative voting in the election of Trustees. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred shares to elect Trustees, each Trustee will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast with respect to such Trustee s election except in the case of a contested election (as defined in our bylaws), in which case Trustees will 
 
 be elected by a majority of the votes cast in the contested election of Trustees. Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, our Board of Trustees may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect trustees. 
 Class S Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class S shares, however, if you purchase Class S shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 3.5 cap on NAV for Class S shares. 
 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class S shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S shares, including any Class S shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class D shares, however, if you purchase Class D shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 1.5 cap on NAV for Class D shares. 

EXHIBIT 4.18 

 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class D shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of all our outstanding Class D shares, including any Class D shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D shares are generally available for purchase in this offering only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class D shares, (2) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class D shares, (3) through transaction brokerage platforms at participating brokers, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) through bank trust departments or any other organization or person authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity for its clients or customers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to this prospectus. 
 Class I Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions or shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid for sales of any Class I shares and financial intermediaries will not charge you transaction or other such fees on Class I Shares. 
 Class I shares are generally available for purchase in this offering only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class I shares, (2) by endowments, foundations, pension funds and other institutional investors, (3) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) by our executive officers and trustees and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of the Adviser, Blackstone, Blackstone Credit or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to this prospectus. In certain cases, where a holder of Class S or Class D shares exits a relationship with a participating broker for this offering and does not enter into a new relationship with a participating broker for this offering, such holder s shares may be exchanged into an equivalent NAV amount of Class I shares. 
 Other Terms of Common Shares 
 We will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee on the Class S shares and Class D shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of this offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from 
 
 all sources in connection with this offering, including the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds from our primary offering. In addition, consistent with the exemptive relief allowing us to offer multiple classes of shares, at the end of the month in which the Intermediary Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and shareholder servicing and or distribution fees paid with respect to the shares held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (or a lower limit as determined by the Intermediary Manager or the applicable selling agent), we will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee on the Class S shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account. Compensation paid with respect to the shares in a shareholder s account will be allocated among each share such that the compensation paid with respect to each individual share will not exceed 10 of the offering price of such share. We may modify this requirement in a manner that is consistent with applicable exemptive relief. At the end of such month, the Class S shares or Class D shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Class S or Class D shares. In addition, immediately before any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each Class S share and Class D share will automatically convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent NAV as such share. 
 Preferred Shares 
 This offering does not include an offering of preferred shares. However, under the terms of the Declaration of Trust, our Board of Trustees may authorize us to issue preferred shares in one or more classes or series without shareholder approval, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Board of Trustees has the power to fix the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of each class or series of preferred shares. We do not currently anticipate issuing preferred shares in the near future. In the event we issue preferred shares, we will make any required disclosure to shareholders. We will not offer preferred shares to the Adviser or our affiliates except on the same terms as offered to all other shareholders. 
 Preferred shares could be issued with terms that would adversely affect the shareholders, provided that we may not issue any preferred shares that would limit or subordinate the voting rights of holders of our Common Shares. Preferred shares could also be used as an anti-takeover device through the issuance of shares of a class or series of preferred shares with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control. Every issuance of preferred shares will be required to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to common shares and before any purchase of 

EXHIBIT 4.18 

 common shares is made, such preferred shares together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred shares, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class voting separately to elect two Trustees at all times and to elect a majority of the Trustees if distributions on such preferred shares are in arrears by two full years or more. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred shares (as determined in accordance with the 1940 Act) voting together as a separate class. For example, the vote of such holders of preferred shares would be required to approve a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such securities. 
 The issuance of any preferred shares must be approved by a majority of our independent Trustees not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will have access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. 
 Limitation on Liability of Trustees and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 Delaware law permits a Delaware statutory trust to include in its declaration of trust a provision to indemnify and hold harmless any trustee or beneficial owner or other person from and against any and all claims and demands whatsoever. Our Declaration of Trust provides that our Trustees will not be liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a trustee to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our Declaration of Trust provides for the indemnification of any person to the full extent permitted, and in the manner provided, by Delaware law. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify certain persons for any liability to which such persons would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his office. 
 Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust and subject to certain exceptions described therein, we will indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (i) any individual who is a present or former Trustee or officer of the Fund and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his 
 
 or her service in that capacity or (ii) any individual who, while a Trustee or officer of the Fund and at the request of the Fund, serves or has served as a trustee, officer, partner or trustee of any corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity (each such person, an Indemnitee ), in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not provide indemnification for any loss, liability or expense arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by an Indemnitee unless (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations, (ii) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 
 We will not indemnify an Indemnitee against any liability or loss suffered by such Indemnitee unless (i) the Fund determines in good faith that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the best interest of the Fund, (ii) the Indemnitee was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Fund, (iii) such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence or misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is a Trustee (other than an independent Trustee), officer, employee, controlling person or agent of the Fund, or (B) gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is an independent Trustee, and (iv) such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of assets of the Fund and not from the shareholders. 
 In addition, the Declaration of Trust permits the Fund to advance reasonable expenses to an Indemnitee, and we will do so in advance of final disposition of a proceeding (a) if the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Fund, (b) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a shareholder or, if by a shareholder of the Fund acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement and (c) upon the Fund s receipt of (i) a written affirmation by the trustee or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund and (ii) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Fund, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 Delaware Law and Certain Declaration of Trust Provisions 
 Organization and Duration 
 We were formed in Delaware on February 11, 2020, and will remain in existence until dissolved in accordance with our Declaration of Trust or pursuant to Delaware law. 
 Purpose 
 Under the Declaration of Trust, we are permitted to engage in any business activity that lawfully may be conducted by a statutory trust organized under Delaware law and, in connection therewith, to exercise all of the rights and powers conferred upon us pursuant to the agreements relating to such business activity. 

EXHIBIT 4.18 

 Our Declaration of Trust contains provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, authorize the issuance of shares in one or more classes or series, including preferred shares our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, amend our Declaration of Trust to increase the number of our Common Shares, of any class or series, that we will have authority to issue and our Declaration of Trust provides that, while we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our Board of Trustees will be divided into three classes of Trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board of Trustees. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 Sales and Leases to the Fund 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, except as otherwise permitted under the 1940 Act, we may not purchase or lease assets in which the Adviser or any of its affiliates have an interest unless all of the following conditions are met (a) the transaction is fully disclosed to the shareholders in a prospectus or in a periodic report and (b) the assets are sold or 
 
 leased upon terms that are reasonable to us and at a price not to exceed the lesser of cost or fair market value as determined by an independent expert. However, the Adviser may purchase assets in its own name (and assume loans in connection) and temporarily hold title, for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition of the assets, the borrowing of money, obtaining financing for us, or the completion of construction of the assets, so long as all of the following conditions are met (i) the assets are purchased by us at a price no greater than the cost of the assets to the Adviser (ii) all income generated by, and the expenses associated with, the assets so acquired will be treated as belonging to us and (iii) there are no other benefits arising out of such transaction to the Adviser apart from compensation otherwise permitted by the Omnibus Guidelines, as adopted by the NASAA. 
 Sales and Leases to our Adviser, Trustees or Affiliates 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, we may not sell assets to the Adviser or any of its affiliates unless such sale is approved by the holders of a majority of our outstanding Common Shares. Our Declaration of Trust also provides that we may not lease assets to the Adviser or any affiliate thereof unless all of the following conditions are met (a) the transaction is fully disclosed to the shareholders in a prospectus or in a periodic report and (b) the terms of the transaction are fair and reasonable to us. 
 Loans 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, except for the advancement of indemnification funds, no loans, credit facilities, credit agreements or otherwise may be made by us to the Adviser or any of its affiliates. 
 Commissions on Financing, Refinancing or Reinvestment 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, we generally may not pay, directly or indirectly, a commission or fee to the Adviser or any of its affiliates in connection with the reinvestment of cash available for distribution, available reserves, or the proceeds of the resale, exchange or refinancing of assets. 
 Lending Practices 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, with respect to financing made available to us by the Adviser, the Adviser may not receive interest in excess of the lesser of the Adviser s cost of funds or the amounts that would be charged by unrelated lending institutions on comparable loans for the same purpose. The Adviser may not impose a prepayment charge or penalty in connection with such financing and the Adviser may not receive points or other financing charges. In addition, the Adviser will be prohibited from providing financing to us with a term in excess of 12 months. 
 Number of Trustees Vacancies Removal 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of Trustees will be set by our Board of Trustees in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board of Trustees may at any time increase or decrease the number of Trustees. Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of Trustees generally may not be less than one. Except as otherwise required by applicable requirements of the 1940 Act and as may be provided by our Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred shares, pursuant to an election under our Declaration of Trust, any and all vacancies on our Board of Trustees may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining Trustees in office, even if the remaining Trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any Trustee elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the Trustee for whom the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualified, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Independent Trustees will nominate replacements for any vacancies among the independent Trustees positions. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that a Trustee may be removed only for cause and only by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or in the case of the removal of a Trustee that is not an interested person, a majority of the remaining Trustees that are not interested persons). Our Declaration of Trust provides that, notwithstanding the 

EXHIBIT 4.18 

 foregoing provision, any Trustee may be removed with or without cause upon the vote of a majority of then-outstanding shares. 
 We have a total of seven members of our Board of Trustees, four of whom are independent Trustees. Our Declaration of Trust provides that a majority of our Board of Trustees must be independent Trustees except for a 
 
 period of up to 60 days after the death, removal or resignation of an independent Trustee pending the election of his or her successor. Each Trustee will hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. While we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our Board of Trustees will be divided into three classes of Trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. 
 Action by Shareholders 
 Our bylaws provide that shareholder action can be taken only at a special meeting of shareholders or by unanimous consent in lieu of a meeting. The shareholders will only have voting rights as required by the 1940 Act or as otherwise provided for in the Declaration of Trust. Under our Declaration of Trust and bylaws, the Fund is not required to hold annual meetings. Special meetings may be called by the Trustees and certain of our officers, and will be limited to the purposes for any such special meeting set forth in the notice thereof. In addition, our Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the shareholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of shareholders will be called by our secretary upon the written request of shareholders entitled to cast 10 or more of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. The secretary shall provide all shareholders, within ten days after receipt of said request, written notice either in person or by mail of the date, time and location of such requested special meeting and the purpose of the meeting. Any special meeting called by such shareholders is required to be held not less than fifteen nor more than 60 days after notice is provided to shareholders of the special meeting. These provisions will have the effect of significantly reducing the ability of shareholders being able to have proposals considered at a meeting of shareholders. 
 With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Trustees at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the Board of Trustees or (3) provided that the Board of Trustees has determined that Trustees will be elected at the meeting, by a shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Declaration of Trust. 
 Our Declaration of Trust also provides that, subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares then outstanding and the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the following actions may be taken by the shareholders, without concurrence by our Board of Trustees or the Adviser, upon a vote by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote to 
 
 modify the Declaration of Trust 
 
 remove the Adviser or appoint a new investment adviser 
 
 dissolve the Fund 
 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business or 
 
 remove any Trustee with or without cause (provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum required by the Declaration of Trust). 
 The purpose of requiring shareholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board of Trustees a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board of Trustees, to inform shareholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of shareholders. Although our Declaration of Trust does not give our Board of Trustees any power to disapprove shareholder nominations for the election of Trustees or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of Trustees or the consideration of shareholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of trustees or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our shareholders. 
 Our Adviser may not, without the approval of a vote by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on such matters 
 
 amend the investment advisory agreement except for amendments that would not adversely affect the rights of our shareholders 
 
 except as otherwise permitted under the Advisory Agreement, voluntarily withdraw as our investment adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect our tax status and would not materially adversely affect our shareholders 

EXHIBIT 4.18 

appoint a new investment adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and applicable law) 
 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business or 
 
 cause the merger or similar reorganization of the Fund. 
 Amendment of the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that shareholders are entitled to vote upon a proposed amendment to the Declaration of Trust if the amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares held by such shareholders so as to affect them adversely. Approval of any such amendment requires at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present. In addition, amendments to our Declaration of Trust to make our Common Shares a redeemable security or to convert the Fund, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company each must be approved by (a) the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter prior to the occurrence of a listing of any class of our shares on a national securities exchange and (b) the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter upon and following the occurrence of a listing of any class of our shares on a national securities exchange. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that our Board of Trustees has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. Except as described above and for certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust relating to shareholder voting and the removal of trustees, our Declaration of Trust provides that our Board of Trustees may amend our Declaration of Trust without any vote of our shareholders. 
 Actions by the Board Related to Merger, Conversion, Reorganization or Dissolution 
 The Board of Trustees may, without the approval of holders of our outstanding shares, approve a merger, conversion, consolidation or other reorganization of the Fund, provided that the resulting entity is a business development company under the 1940 Act. The Fund will not permit the Adviser to cause any other form of merger or other reorganization of the Fund without the affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding shares of the Fund entitled to vote on the matter. The Fund may be dissolved at any time, without the approval of holders of our outstanding shares, upon affirmative vote by a majority of the Trustees. 
 
 Derivative Actions 
 No person, other than a Trustee, who is not a shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of the Fund. No shareholder may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Fund unless holders of at least ten percent (10 of the outstanding shares join in the bringing of such action. A derivative action does not include any derivative or other action arising under the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, a shareholder may bring a derivative action on behalf of the Fund only if the following conditions are met (i) the shareholder or shareholders must make a pre-suit demand upon the Board of Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the Board of Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed and a demand on the Board of Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Board of Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Board of Trustees who are not independent Trustees (as that term is defined in the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute) and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) above, the Board of Trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim and the Board of Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request and may require an undertaking by the shareholders making such request to reimburse the Fund for the expense of any such advisors in the event that the Board of Trustees determine not to bring such action. For purposes of this paragraph, the Board of Trustees may designate a committee of one or more Trustees to consider a shareholder demand. 
 Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction 
 Each Trustee, each officer and each person legally or beneficially owning a share or an interest in a share of the Fund (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise), to the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 3804(e) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, (i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs (or similar) doctrine or arising out of or relating in any way to the Fund, the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute or the Declaration of Trust (including, without limitation, any claims, suits, actions or proceedings to interpret, apply or enforce (A) the provisions of the Declaration of Trust, (B) the duties (including fiduciary duties), 
 
 obligations or liabilities of the Fund to the shareholders or the Board of Trustees, or of officers or the Board of Trustees to the Fund, to the shareholders or each other, (C) the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the Fund, the officers, the Board of Trustees or the shareholders, (D) any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute or other laws of the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts made applicable to the Fund pursuant to Section 3809 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute or (E) any other instrument, document, agreement or certificate contemplated by any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute or the Declaration of Trust relating in any way to the Fund (regardless, in each case, of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings (x) sound in contract, tort, fraud or 

EXHIBIT 4.18 

 otherwise, (y) are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds or (z) are derivative or direct claims)), shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, (ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts or any other court to which proceedings in such courts may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper, (iv) consents to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof provided, nothing in clause (iv) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law and (v) irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding. The foregoing does not apply to claims, suits, actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 
 Restrictions on Roll-Up Transactions 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, which, in general terms, is any transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation, directly or indirectly, of us and the issuance of securities of an entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, we will obtain an appraisal of all of our properties from an independent expert. In order to qualify as an independent expert for this purpose, the person or entity must have no material current or prior business or personal relationship with us and must be engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by us, who is qualified to perform such work. Our assets will be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal will be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and will indicate the value of our assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed roll-up transaction. The appraisal will assume an orderly liquidation of our assets over a 12-month period. The terms of the engagement of such independent expert will clearly state that the engagement is for our benefit and the benefit of our shareholders. We will include a summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, in a report to the shareholders in connection with the proposed roll-up transaction. If the appraisal will be included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of the roll-up entity, the appraisal will be filed with the SEC and the states as an exhibit to the registration statement for the offering. 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, the person sponsoring the roll-up transaction must offer to the shareholders who vote against the proposal a choice of 
 
 accepting the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction offered in the proposed roll-up transaction or 
 
 one of the following 
 
 remaining as shareholders and preserving their interests in us on the same terms and conditions as existed previously or 
 
 receiving cash in an amount equal to their pro rata share of the appraised value of our net assets. 
 We are prohibited from participating in any proposed roll-up transaction 
 
 which would result in shareholders having voting rights in the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction that are less than those provided in the charter, including rights with respect to the election and removal of directors, annual and special meetings, amendments to the charter and our dissolution 
 
 which includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration of, the accumulation of Common Shares by any purchaser of the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of such entity, or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction on the basis of the number of shares held by that investor 

in which shareholders rights to access to records of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction will be less than those provided in the charter 
 
 in which we would bear any of the costs of the roll-up transaction if the shareholders reject the roll-up transaction or 
 
 unless the organizational documents of the entity that would survive the roll-up transaction provide that neither its adviser nor its intermediary-manager may vote or consent on matters submitted to its shareholders regarding the removal of its adviser or any transaction between it and its adviser or any of its affiliates. 

EXHIBIT 4.18 

 Access to Records 
 Any shareholder will be permitted access to all of our records to which they are entitled under applicable law at all reasonable times and may inspect and copy any of them for a reasonable copying charge. Inspection of our records by the office or agency administering the securities laws of a jurisdiction will be provided upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours. An alphabetical list of the names, addresses and business telephone numbers of our shareholders, along with the number of Common Shares held by each of them, will be maintained as part of our books and records and will be available for inspection by any shareholder or the shareholder s designated agent at our office. The shareholder list will be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained therein. A copy of the list will be mailed to any shareholder who requests the list within ten days of the request. A shareholder may request a copy of the shareholder list for any proper and legitimate purpose, including, without limitation, in connection with matters relating to voting rights and the exercise of shareholder rights under federal proxy laws. A shareholder requesting a list will be required to pay reasonable costs of postage and duplication. Such copy of the shareholder list shall be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in readily readable type size (no smaller than 10 point font). 
 A shareholder may also request access to any other corporate records. If a proper request for the shareholder list or any other corporate records is not honored, then the requesting shareholder will be entitled to recover certain costs incurred in compelling the production of the list or other requested corporate records as well as actual damages suffered by reason of the refusal or failure to produce the list. However, a shareholder will not have the right to, and we may require a requesting shareholder to represent that it will not, secure the shareholder list or other information for the purpose of selling or using the list for a commercial purpose not related to the requesting shareholder s interest in our affairs. We may also require that such shareholder sign a confidentiality agreement in connection with the request. 
 Reports to Shareholders 
 Within 60 days after each fiscal quarter, we will distribute our quarterly report on Form 10-Q to all shareholders of record. In addition, we will distribute our annual report on Form 10-K to all shareholders within 120 days after the end of each calendar year, which must contain, among other things, a breakdown of the expenses reimbursed by us to the Adviser. These reports will also be available on our website at www.bcred.com and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 Subject to availability, you may authorize us to provide prospectuses, prospectus supplements, annual reports and other information, or documents, electronically by so indicating on your subscription agreement, or by sending us instructions in writing in a form acceptable to us to receive such documents electronically. Unless you elect in writing to receive documents electronically, all documents will be provided in paper form by mail. You must have internet access to use electronic delivery. While we impose no additional charge for this service, there may be potential costs associated with electronic delivery, such as on-line charges. Documents will be available on our website. You may access and print all documents provided through this service. As documents become available, we will notify you of this by sending you an e-mail message that will include instructions on how to retrieve the document. If our e-mail notification is returned to us as undeliverable, we will contact you to obtain your updated e-mail address. If we are unable to obtain a valid e-mail address for you, we will resume sending a paper copy by regular U.S. mail to your address of record. You may revoke your consent for electronic delivery at any time and we will resume sending you a paper copy of all required documents. However, in order for us to be properly notified, your revocation must be given to us a reasonable time before electronic delivery has commenced. We will provide you with paper copies at any time upon request. Such request will not constitute revocation of your consent to receive required documents electronically. 
 Conflict with the 1940 Act 
 Our Declaration of Trust provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of Delaware law, or any provision of our Declaration of Trust conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 bcred20221231-ex1018.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Exhibit 10.18 

 EXECUTION VERSION 

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING 
 AGREEMENT, dated as of March 9, 2022 (this Amendment ), among BCRED DENALI PEAK FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), BCRED TWIN PEAKS LLC, as servicer (the Servicer ), each LENDER party hereto, the AGENTS for the Lender Groups from time to time parties hereto (each such party, in such capacity, together with their respective successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, an Agent ), WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL 
 ASSOCIATION W TNA ), as collateral agent and collateral custodian (in such capacities, the 
 Collateral Agent ), and DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as facility agent (in such capacity, the Facility Agent ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, the Facility Agent and each Lender party thereto are party to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2018 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, the Facility Agent and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance with Section 17.2 of the Loan Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Facility Agent hereby authorizes and directs WTNA in its capacity as Collateral Agent to acknowledge this Amendment. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 D efinitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. D efined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the 
 respective meanings given to such terms in the Loan Agreement and the Sale Agreement (as defined in the Loan Agreement), as applicable. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 A mendments 
 
 SECTION 2.1. A mendments to the Loan Agreement . As of the date of this 
 Amendment, the Loan Agreement (including the Schedules and Exhibits thereto) is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example s tricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example b old and double-underlined text as set forth on the pages of the Loan Agreement attached as Appendix A hereto. 

Exhibit 10.18 

 ARTICLE III 
 
 Conditions to Effectiveness 
 
 SECTION 3.1. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above upon the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 
 (a) the execution and delivery of this Amendment by each party hereto 
 
 (b) the Facility Agent shall have received certified copies of the resolutions of the board of managers (or similar items) of the Borrower and the Servicer approving this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by its secretary or assistant secretary or other authorized officer 
 
 (c) the Facility Agent shall have received the duly executed Fee Letters, dated as of the date hereof 
 
 (d) the Facility Agent shall have received the executed legal opinion of Dechert LLP, counsel for the Borrower and the Servicer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent covering such matters as the Facility Agent may reasonably request and 
 
 (e) all fees (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) due to the Lenders on or prior to the effective date of this Amendment have been paid in full. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 4.1. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Facility Agent and each Lender that, as of the date first written above, (i) no Facility Termination Event, Unmatured Facility Termination Event, Cash Trap Event, Servicer Event of Default or Unmatured Servicer Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are true and correct in all respects on and as of such day (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 5.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 2 

Exhibit 10.18 

SECTION 5.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 5.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended and waived hereby, the Loan Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 SECTION 5.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.6. Electronic Signatures. The parties agree that this Agreement may be executed and delivered by electronic signatures (including by facsimile or electronic transmission (including .pdf file, .jpeg file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, including Orbit, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Borrower and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Agent), and that the signatures appearing on this Agreement are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility. Delivery of an executed counterpart signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or any such electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The Collateral Agent shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 3 

Exhibit 10.18 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BCRED DENALI PEAK FUNDING LLC , as 
 Borrower 

By BCRED TWIN PEAKS LLC, its sole 
 member 
 
 By BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT 
 FUND, its sole member 

By s Marisa J Beeney 
 Name Marisa J. Beeney 
 Title Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

BCRED TWIN PEAKS LLC , as Servicer 

By BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, 
 its sole member 

By s Marisa J Beeney Name Marisa J. Beeney 
 Title Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

 WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL 
 ASSOCIATION , not in its individual capacity, but solely as Collateral Agent and as Collateral Custodian 
 
 By s Erica Zhao Name Erica Zhao Title Assistant Vice President 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

 DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK 
 BRANCH , as Facility Agent 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK 
 BRANCH , as an Agent and as a Committed Lender 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDO N 
 BRANC H , a s a Co mm itt e d Le nd e r 

By s Shamil Shah Name Shamil Shah Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Frederic de Benoist Name Frederic de Benoist Title Managing Director 

Exhibit 10.18 

Signa t ur e P age lo F o u rt h A m endme n t to L FSA) 

Exhibit 10.18 

 RAYMOND JAMES BANK, as an Agent and as a Lender 

By s Mark Specht Name Mark Specht Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

ALTSHULER SHAHAM PROVIDENT 
 FUNDS & PENSION LTD, on behalf of the provident and pension funds set forth on Schedule I to Joinder Agreement of even date herewith, by and among Altshuler Shaham Provident Funds & Pen s ion Ltd, the Borrower and the Facility Agent, as an Agent and as a Lender 

By s Nirit Frey-Markman Name Nirit Frey-Markman Title Executive Vice President, Head of Credit 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to LFSA 

Exhibit 10.18 

 APPENDIX A 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Execution Version EXECUTIO N VERSION Conformed through Raymond James Bank Altshuler Joinder October 2021 Marc h 2022 

LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 11, 2018 BCRED DENALI PEAK FUNDING LLC, 
 as Borrower 
 
 BCRED TWIN PEAKS LLC, 
 as Servicer 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as Facility Agent 
 
 THE OTHER AGENTS PARTIES HERETO, 
 
 and 
 
 WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Collateral Agent and as Collateral Custodian 

USActive 56743394.2 57084911.11 27965262.16.BUSINESS 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Accrual Period means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the period from and including the previous excludin g t h e D eterminatio n D at e f o r t h e i mmediatel y preceding Distribution Date (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date followin g th e Fourt h Amendment Effectiv e Date , from and including the Distributio n D at e i mmediatel y p recedin g t h e Fourth Amendment Effective Date) through and including the day Determinatio n Date preceding such Distribution Date. 
 
 Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance means, as of any date, the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount minus the Excess Concentration Amount on such date. 
 
 Advance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) . Advance Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) . 
 Advance Rate means, with respect to any Eligible Collateral Obligation, on any date of determination, the applicable percentage in accordance with the following chart 
 
 -2- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Advance Rates 

For BSLs 

BSL type Advance Rate 
 Type 1 Broadly Syndicated Loan 72.5 
 Type 2 Broadly Syndicated Loan 50 
 Type 3 Broadly Syndicated Loan 40 

For Middle Market Loans 

Middle Market Loan type Advance Rate 
 First Lien Middle Market Loans 70 
 Type 1 FILO Loan and Recurring Revenue Collateral Obligations 65 
 Type 2 FILO Loan 60 
 Type 3 FILO Loan 55 
 Second Lien Middle Market Loans and Deemed Second Lien Loans 40 

For Bonds 

Bond type Advance Rate 
 Senior Secured Bonds 65 
 Unsecured Bonds 35 

Advance Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a) . 
 -2- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Aggregate Unfunded Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of the unfunded commitments and all other standby or contingent commitments associated with each Variable Funding Asset included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 
 Agreement means this Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 AIF has the meaning given to the term under the AIFMD. AIFM has the meaning given to the term under the AIFMD. 
 AIFMD means (a) Directive 2011 61 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and amending Directives 2003 41 EC and 2009 65 EC and Regulations (EC) No. 1060 2009 and (EU) No. 1095 2010, as the same may be amended, supplemented, superseded or re-adopted from time to time (whether with or without qualification) and (b) any applicable law of a member state of the European Union implementing the AIFMD. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate means a fluctuating rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time, which rate shall be at all times equal to the highest of 
 
 (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by DBNY in New York, New York, from time to time as DBNY s base commercial lending rate 
 
 (b) of one percent above the Federal Funds Rate and 
 
 (c) zero. 
 
 Amount Available means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the sum of (a) the amount of Collections with respect to the related Collection Accrual Period and any amounts paid into the Collection Account under any Hedging Agreement with respect to the Accrual Period ending on the day preceding such Distribution Date (excluding any Collections necessary to settle the acquisition of Eligible Collateral Obligations), plus (b) any investment income earned on amounts on deposit in the Collection Account since the immediately prior Distribution Date (or since the Effective Date in the case of the first Distribution Date), plus (c) any Repurchase Amounts deposited in the Collection Account with respect to the related Collection Accrual Period. 
 
 Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 9.30(a) . Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 9.29(b) . 
 Applicable Conversion Rate means, with respect to Euros, GBPs, or CADs, the applicable currency-Dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen for such currency (i) if such date is a Determination Date, at the end of such day or (ii) otherwise, at the end of the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
 -4- 

Exhibit 10.18 

Applicable Exchange Rate means with respect to any Collateral Obligation denominated and payable in Euros, GBPs or CADs, on any day, the lesser of (a) the applicable currency-Dollar spot rate used by the Borrower (as determined by the Servicer) to acquire such currency on the related Cut-Off Date and (b) the Applicable Conversion Rate for such currency. 
 
 Applicable Index means (a) with respect to Dollar Advances, the LIBOR Rate, (b) with respect to any GBP Advances, Daily Simple SONIA, (c) with respect to Euro Advances, EURIBOR, and (d) with respect to CDOR Advances, CDOR, or, in each case, any other successor index pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Applicable Law means for any Person all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Official Body applicable to such Person (including, without limitation, predatory and abusive lending laws, usury laws, the Federal Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Billing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Board s Regulations B and Z , the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 2003 and state adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and all other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws) and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 Applicable Margin means (i) prior to the occurrence of any Facility Termination Event, 1.90 1.95 per annum and (ii) after the Revolving Period, 2.00 2.05 per annum provided that, the Applicable Margin shall increase by 2.00 per annum after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Facility Termination Event (unless waived by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion). 
 
 Applicable Time Zone means (i) with respect to Dollar Advances and CAD Advances, New York City time and (ii) with respect to Euro Advances and GBP Advances, London time. 
 
 Appraised Value means, with respect to any Asset Based Loan, the appraised value of the pro rata portion of the underlying collateral securing such Collateral Obligation as determined by an Approved Valuation Firm. 
 
 Approved Broker Dealer means (a) any of JPMorgan Securities, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Soci t G n rale Securities Services, Morgan Stanley & Co., Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Nomura Securities International, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp, Barclays Capital Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (UA) LLC, UBS Financial Services Inc., Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, Jefferies LLC, RBC Capital Markets LLC, Bank of Montreal, The Bank of New York Mellon, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia, BMO Harris Bank N.A., Credit Agricole S.A., HSBC Bank, Lloyds TSB Bank, Natixis or Royal Bank of Canada, (b) any other financial institution designated as an Approved Broker Dealer by the Servicer and reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent or (c) any banking or securities Affiliate of any Person specified in clause (a) or (b). 
 -5- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 with respect to any distribution permitted under Sections Section 10.16(a)(A)(3 and 10.16(a)(A)(4 ), the Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to 110 of the Advances outstanding. 
 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency means an event that occurs and is continuing on any date of determination that the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding hereunder exceeds the Borrowing Base. 
 
 Broadly Syndicated Loan means a Loan that, as of the related Cut-Off Date, (a) is a syndicated commercial loan, (b) has a Tranche Size of 150,000,000 or greater (without consideration or reductions thereon from scheduled amortization payments), (c) other than with respect to a Recurring Revenue Collateral Obligation, the relevant Obligor has EBITDA for the most recently reported prior twelve calendar months of at least 50,000,000 (after giving pro forma effect to any acquisition in connection therewith), (d) is rated (or will be rated) (or the relevant Obligor is rated at least B3 by Moody s or B- by S&P and (e) has an average of not less than two observable market quotes over the immediately preceding thirty (30) day period from Approved Broker Dealers and such quotes have been determined with respect to such Loan by Loan X Mark-It Partners, Loan Pricing Corporation or another nationally recognized pricing service for at least the Principal Balance of such Loan. 
 
 Business Day means any day that is not (i) a Saturday or, Sunday, (ii) any other day on which banking institutions in New York, New York, Luxembourg, London or the city in which the offices of the Collateral Agent or Collateral Custodian are located are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or government decree to remain closed, (iii) if the applicable Business Day relates to the advance or continuation of, or payment of an Advance bearing interest at the LIBOR Rate or the determination of the LIBOR Rate, days on which banks are dealing in deposits in an Eligible Currency in the interbank eurodollar market in London, England are closed or (iv) if such day relates to a GBP Advance, a day that is not an RFR Banking Day. All references to any day or any particular day of any calendar month shall mean calendar day unless otherwise specified. 
 
 CAD means the lawful money of Canada. 
 
 CAD Advance means each Advance made in CAD. 
 
 Capped Fees Expenses means, at any time, the Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses such that the aggregate amount of such Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses paid to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian under the Transaction Documents in any calendar year do not exceed the sum of (i) 0.03 per annum of the Principal Amount plus (ii) 100,000. 
 
 Cause means, with respect to an Independent Manager, (i) acts or omissions by such Independent Manager that constitute willful disregard of such Independent Manager s duties as set forth in the Borrower s organizational documents, (ii) that such Independent Manager has engaged in or has been charged with, or has been convicted of, fraud or other acts constituting a crime under any law applicable to such Independent Manager, (iii) that such Independent Manager is unable to perform his or her duties as Independent Manager due to death, disability 
 -12- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Collateral Obligation Amount means for any Collateral Obligation, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Discount Factor of such Collateral Obligation at such time multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation as of such date of determination. 
 
 The Collateral Obligation Amount of any Collateral Obligation that ceases to be (or otherwise is not) an Eligible Collateral Obligation shall be zero. 
 
 Collateral Obligation File means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation, as identified on the related Document Checklist, (X) for any Middle Market Loan, (i) if the Collateral Obligation includes a promissory note, (x) an original, executed copy of such promissory note, or (y) in the case of a lost promissory note, a copy of such executed promissory note accompanied by an original executed affidavit and indemnity endorsed by the Borrower in blank, in each case with respect to clause (x) or clause (y) with an unbroken chain of endorsements from each prior holder of such promissory note to the Borrower or in blank (unless such note is in bearer form, in which case delivery alone shall suffice), or (z) in the case of a noteless Collateral Obligation, a copy of each executed document or instrument evidencing the assignment of such Collateral Obligation to the Borrower, (ii) copies of the primary loan agreement or indenture, (iii) any related security agreement, mortgage, moveable or immoveable hypothec, deed of hypothec, guarantees, note purchase agreement, intercreditor and or subordination agreement and in the possession of the Borrower, (iv) copies of the file-stamped (or the electronic equivalent of) UCC financing statements and continuation statements (including amendments or modifications thereof) authorized by the Obligor thereof or by another Person on the Obligor s behalf in respect of such Collateral Obligation and (v) any other document included by the Servicer on the related Document Checklist and (Y) for any Broadly Syndicated Loan, (x) copies of the related loan agreement, (y) copies of the related assignment agreement, and (z) any other document reasonably available to the Borrower and requested by the Facility Agent or any Lender. 
 
 Collateral Quality Tests means, collectively or individually as the case may be, the Minimum Diversity Test, the Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test, the Minimum Weighted Average Coupon Test and the Maximum Weighted Average Life Test. 
 
 Collection Account means, collectively, the Principal Collection Account and the Interest Collection Account. 
 
 Collection Period means, with respect to the first Distribution Date, the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the Determination Date preceding the first Distribution Date and thereafter, the period from but excluding the Determination Date preceding the previous Distribution Date to and including the Determination Date preceding the current Distribution Date. 
 
 Collections means the sum of all Interest Collections and all Principal Collections received with respect to the Collateral. 
 
 Commercial Paper Rate for Advances means, to the extent a Conduit Lender funds such Advances by issuing commercial paper, the sum of (i) the weighted average of the rates at 
 -14- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 interest in the Obligations (other than pursuant to Section 17.16 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 4.3 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, 
 (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 4.3(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 
 Executive Officer means, with respect to the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Executive Vice President of such Person or any other Person included on any incumbency of the Borrower, Servicer or Equityholder, as applicable, delivered hereunder and, with respect to any other Person, the President, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President or any Vice President. 
 
 Extension Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6 . 
 
 Facility means the loan facility to be provided to the Borrower pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 
 Facility Agent has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 
 Facility Amount means (a) prior to the end of the Revolving Period, 
 675,000,000 750,000,000 , unless this amount is permanently reduced pursuant to Section 2.5 or increased pursuant to Section 2.8 , in which event it means such lower or higher amount and (b) from and after the end of the Revolving Period, the aggregate principal amount of all the Advances outstanding. 
 
 Facility Termination Date means the earlier of (i) the date that is twenty-four months after the last day of the Revolving Period and (ii) the effective date on which the facility hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section 13.2 . 
 Facility Termination Event means any of the events described in Section 13.1 . FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this 
 Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with such sections of the Code and any legislation, law, regulation or practice enacted or promulgated pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, the greater of (a) 0.0 and (b) a fluctuating rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Facility Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 -30- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Euros outstanding on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate plus (b) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in GBPs outstanding on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate plus (c) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in CADs outstanding on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate, in each case after giving effect to all repayments of Advances and the making of new Advances on such date. 
 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means on any Measurement Date and with respect to any Eligible Currency (other than Dollars), a Dollar amount equal to 50 of the Facility Amount on such date. 
 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 Fourt h Amendmen t Effectiv e Date mean s Marc h 9 , 2022. 
 
 FRS Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and, as applicable, the staff thereof. 
 
 Fundamental Amendment means any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement that would have a material and adverse effect on any Lender and (a) increase or extend the term of the Commitments (other than an increase in the Commitment of another Lender or the addition of a new Lender) or change the Facility Termination Date, (b) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on any Advance or any fee hereunder, in each case owing to such Lender, (c) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal or interest owing to such Lender, (d) reduce the rate at which interest is payable to such Lender or any fee is payable hereunder to such Lender, excluding in each case, any such reduction as a result of a full or partial waiver of interest or fees accruing at a default rate imposed during a Facility Termination Event or a result of a waiver of a Facility Termination Event), (e) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection with dispositions permitted hereunder, (f) alter the terms of Section 2.4(a) , Section 8.3 , or Section 17.2 or any related definitions or provisions in a manner that would alter the effect of such Sections, (g) modify the definition of the Required Lenders or Majority Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof, or (h) extend the Revolving Period. 
 Funding Date means any Advance Date or any Reinvestment Date, as applicable. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, which are 
 applicable to the circumstances as of any day. 
 
 GBP means the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom. GBP Advance means an Advance denominated in Pounds Sterling. 
 -32- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a regulated investment company for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Borrower s liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto), or (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Borrower s liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Borrower had qualified to be taxed as a regulated investment company under the Code. 
 
 Permitted Working Capital Revolver means, in respect of an Obligor and a Collateral Obligation, a revolving lending facility (i) incurred secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related Obligor, which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the Obligor s total assets (it being understood that such revolving lending facility may be secured on a junior lien basis by other assets of the related Obligor) and (ii) that, as of the Cut-Off Date, (a) has an aggregate commitment equal to not more than 25 of the sum of (x) the aggregate commitment amount of such revolving lending facility, 
 (y) the aggregate commitment amount of such Collateral Obligation and (z) the aggregate commitment amount of any other debt that is pari passu with, or senior to, such Collateral Obligation less unrestricted cash or (b) has a ratio of the aggregate commitment amount of such working capital facility to EBITDA of such Obligor is not greater than 1.25x. 
 
 Person means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity. 
 
 Prepayment Fee means a nonrefundable fee equal to (a) 1.0 from the Third Amendment Effective Date to but excluding the first anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date, and (b) thereafter, 0.00 . 
 
 Prepayment Fee Termination Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the following (a) any Lender has, prior to the date of such permanent reduction in whole or in part, declined an Extension Request, (b) the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated following the occurrence of a Facility Termination Event or (c) the ratio of (i) the number of Collateral Obligations approved by the Facility Agent to (ii) the number of Presented Collateral Obligations is less than 50 (the Loan Rejection Percentage ). For purposes of this definition, Presented Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation that otherwise meets the eligibility requirements under the definition of Eligible Collateral Obligation (without giving effect to any item waived by the Facility Agent in accordance with such definition). 
 
 Primary Servicer Fee means with respect to any Distribution Date, the fee payable to the Servicer or successor servicer (as applicable) for services rendered during the related Collection Accrual Period, which shall be equal to one-twelfth of the product of (i) the Primary Servicer Fee Percentage multiplied by (ii) the average of the values of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of the Eligible Collateral Obligations on the first day and the last day of the related Collection Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Servicer may waive or defer the payment of any Primary Servicer Fee in its sole discretion. 
 -47- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in GBP, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto and (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 
 Relevant Test Period means with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the relevant test period for the calculation of EBITDA for such Collateral Obligation in accordance with the related Underlying Instruments or, if no such period is provided for therein, each period of the last four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the principal Obligor on such Collateral Obligation for which financial statements were required to have been delivered under the related Underlying Instruments provided that with respect to any Collateral Obligation for which the relevant test period is not provided for in the related Underlying Instruments, if an Obligor is a newly-formed entity as to which twelve (12) consecutive calendar months have not yet elapsed, Relevant Test Period shall initially include the period from the date of formation of such Obligor to the end of the fourth (4 th fiscal quarter from the date of formation, and shall subsequently include each period of the last four (4) consecutive reported fiscal quarters of such Obligor. 
 
 Replacement Hedging Agreement means one or more Hedging Agreements, which in combination with all other Hedging Agreements then in effect, after giving effect to any planned cancellations of any presently outstanding Hedging Agreements satisfy the Borrower s covenant contained in Section 10.6 , of this Agreement to maintain Hedging Agreements. 
 
 Reporting Date means the 20 th day of each calendar month. 
 
 Repurchase Amount means, for any Warranty Collateral Obligation for which a payment or substitution is being made pursuant to Section 7.12 as of any time of determination, the sum of (i) an amount equal to the purchase price paid by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation (excluding purchased accrued interest and original issue discount) less all payments of principal received in connection with such Collateral Obligation since the date it was added to the Collateral (ii) any accrued and unpaid interest thereon since the last Distribution Date and 
 (iii) all Hedge Breakage Costs owed to any relevant Hedge Counterparty for any termination of one or more Hedge Transactions, in whole or in part, as required by the terms of any Hedging Agreement, incurred in connection with such payment or repurchase and the termination of any Hedge Transactions in whole or in part in connection therewith. 
 
 Repurchased Collateral Obligation means, with respect to any Collection Accrual Period, any Collateral Obligation as to which the Repurchase Amount has been deposited in the Collection Account by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Servicer, as applicable, on or before the immediately prior Reporting Date and any Collateral Obligation purchased by the Equityholder pursuant to the Sale Agreement as to which the Repurchase Amount has been deposited in the Collection Account by or on behalf of the Equityholder. 
 
 Request for Release and Receipt means a form substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 completed and signed by the Servicer. 
 -51- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 (r) any Permitted Working Capital Revolver that has an aggregate commitment equal to greater than 25 of the sum of (x) the aggregate commitment amount of such revolving lending facility, (y) the aggregate commitment amount of such Collateral Obligation and (z) the aggregate commitment amount of any other debt that is pari passu with, or senior to, such Collateral Obligation, less unrestricted cash or (b) has a ratio of the aggregate commitment amount of such working capital facility to EBITDA of such Obligor of greater than or equal to 1.25x or 
 
 (s) the occurrence of a default as to any financial maintenance covenant has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Collateral Obligation (after giving effect to any grace or cure period applicable thereto. 
 
 Revenue means, with respect to any Recurring Revenue Collateral Obligation, the definition of annualized recurring revenue used in the Underlying Instruments for each such Collateral Obligation, or any comparable definition for Revenue, Recurring Revenue or Adjusted Revenue in the Underlying Instruments for each such Collateral Obligation or if such comparable definition is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, the recurring revenue, as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the related Underlying Instruments. 
 
 Revolving Collateral Obligation means a Collateral Obligation that specifies a maximum aggregate amount that can be borrowed by the related Obligor and permits such Obligor to re-borrow any amount previously borrowed and subsequently repaid during the term of such Collateral Obligation provided that any such Collateral Obligation will be a Revolving Collateral Obligation only until all commitments to make advances to the Obligor expire or are terminated or irrevocably reduced to zero. 
 
 Revolving Period means the period of time starting on the Effective Date and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) (a) September 30, 2024, (b) if such date is extended pursuant to Section 2.6 , the date mutually agreed upon by the Borrower and each Agent or (c) the date the Borrower provides notice to the Facility Agent of termination of the Revolving Period, (ii) the date on which the Facility Amount is terminated in full pursuant to Section 2.5 or (iii) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Facility Termination Event provided that the Facility Agent Majorit y Lenders may waive such termination of the Revolving Period pursuant to this clause (iii) in its their sole discretion. 
 
 RFR Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) in which banks are open for general business in London. 
 
 Sale Agreement means the Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2018, by and between the Equityholder, as seller, and the Borrower, as purchaser. 
 
 Sanctioned Countries has the meaning set forth in Section 9.29(a) . Sanction Target has the meaning set forth in Section 9.29(a) . 
 
 -55- 

Exhibit 10.18 

Sanctions has the meaning set forth in Section 9.29(a) . 
 
 Schedule of Collateral Obligations means the list or lists of Collateral Obligations attached to each Asset Approval Request (which may be in the form of a Borrowing Base certification , which shall identify the assets that will become Collateral Obligations). 
 
 Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payment means each periodic installment payable by an Obligor under a Collateral Obligation for principal and or interest in accordance with the terms of the related Underlying Instrument. 
 
 Second Lien Loan means any commercial loan (other than a Senior Secured Loan or a FILO Loan) that (i) is secured by a pledge of collateral which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject to customary exceptions for permitted liens, including but not limited to tax liens and any Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (ii) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of origination or acquisition by the Borrower together with other attributes of the Obligor (including its general financial condition, ability to generate cash flow available for debt service and demands for that cash flow) equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral. 
 
 Second Lien Middle Market Loan means any Middle Market Loan that is a Second Lien Loan. 
 
 Second Omnibus Amendment Effective Date means March 5, 2021. 
 
 Secondary Servicer Fee means with respect to any Distribution Date, the fee payable to the Servicer or successor Servicer (as applicable) for services rendered during the related Collection Accrual Period, which shall be equal to one-twelfth of the product of (i) the Secondary Servicer Fee Percentage multiplied by (ii) the average of the values of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of the Eligible Collateral Obligations on the first day and the last day of the related Collection Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Servicer may waive or defer the payment of any Secondary Servicer Fee in its sole discretion. 
 
 Secondary Servicer Fee Percentage means 0.30 . 
 
 Secured Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person as of a given date, all Indebtedness of such Person outstanding on such date that is secured in any manner by any Lien on any property. 
 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, each Lender, the Facility Agent, each Agent, each other Affected Person, Indemnified Party and Hedge Counterparty and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 
 
 Securities Intermediary means the Collateral Agent, or any subsequent institution acceptable to the Facility Agent at which the Accounts are kept. 
 -56- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 loan obligations, asset backed securities and commercial mortgage backed securities or any resecuritization thereof. 
 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, a corporation, partnership or other entity of which such Person and or its other Subsidiaries own, directly or indirectly, such number of outstanding shares as have more than 50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors provided that a Person whose Equity Securities were acquired by the Borrower or the Equityholder, as the case may be, in a workout or restructuring of a Collateral Obligation shall not be deemed to be a Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Substituted Collateral Obligation means, with respect to any Collection Accrual Period, any Warranty Collateral Obligation with respect to which the Equityholder has substituted in a replacement Eligible Collateral Obligation pursuant to Section 7.12 and the Sale Agreement. 
 
 Supermajority Lenders means, at any time, the Facility Agent and any Lenders holding Advances aggregating greater than 66 of all Advances outstanding or if there are no Advances outstanding, Lenders holding Commitments aggregating greater than 66 of all Commitments. 
 
 Tangible Net Worth means, with respect to any Person, the consolidated net worth of such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP after subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of the intangible assets of such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, goodwill, franchises, licenses, patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and service marks provided that such calculation shall not take into consideration any market price changes or perceived market price changes. 
 
 Target Portfolio Amount means 800,000,000 provided that such Target Portfolio Amount shall be increased proportionally in connection with any Facility Amount increases of 
 50,000,000 or greater. 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Official Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate for any period that is approximately (as determined by the Facility Agent with the consent of the Borrower) as long as the LIBOR Accrual Period and that is based on SOFR and that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, in each case as published on an information service as selected by the Facility Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Facility Agent (with the consent of the Borrower) that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Facility Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 17.2 that is not Term SOFR. 
 
 Third Amendment Effective Date means September 30, 2021. 
 -60- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 Uncommitted Lender means any Conduit Lender designated as an Uncommitted Lender for any Lender Group and any of its assignees. 
 
 Underlying Instrument means the loan agreement, credit agreement or other customary agreement pursuant to which a Collateral Obligation has been created or issued and each other agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Collateral Obligation or of which the holders of such Collateral Obligation are the beneficiaries. 
 
 Undrawn Fee a fee payable pursuant to Section 3.1(b) for each day of the related Collection Accrual Period during the Revolving Period equal to the product of (x) the difference between the aggregate Commitments on such day minus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Advances on such day, times (y) the Undrawn Fee Rate times (z) 1 360. 
 
 Undrawn Fee Rate means, beginning on the Third Amendment Effective Date, (a) 0.00 from the Third Amendment Effective Date to (but excluding) the three (3)-month anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date and (b) 0.25 thereafter. 
 
 Unfunded Exposure Account means the account designated as the Unfunded Exposure Account in, and which is established and maintained pursuant to, Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Unfunded Exposure Shortfall has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Unmatured Facility Termination Event means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time or notice or lapse of time and notice, constitute a Facility Termination Event. 
 
 Unmatured Servicer Event of Default means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time or notice or lapse of time and notice, constitute a Servicer Event of Default. 
 
 Unsecured Bond means any bond that is (a) not secured by a pledge of collateral and 
 (b) senior or pari passu in right of payment to any other unsecured indebtedness of the related Obligor. 
 
 Unsecured Loan means any loan that is (a) not secured by a pledge of collateral and (b) senior or pari passu in right of payment to any other unsecured indebtedness of the related Obligor. 
 -62- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 proposed Advance Date. Such notice (herein called the Advance Request shall be in the form of Exhibit C-1 and shall include (among other things) the proposed Advance Date and amount of such proposed Advance, and shall, if applicable, be accompanied by an Asset Approval Request setting forth the information required therein with respect to the Collateral Obligations to be acquired by the Borrower on the Advance Date (if applicable). In the event of any change to the wiring instructions of the Collateral Agent set forth on Schedule 1 to the Advance Request, the Collateral Agent shall provide written notice of such change to each Agent at least two (2) Business Days prior to any proposed Advance Date. The amount of any Advance shall at least be equal to the least of (v) the Maximum Availability, (w) 1,000,000 with respect to Advances denominated in Dollars, (x) the (1) Borrowing Base on such day minus (2) the Advances outstanding on such day, (y) with respect to Eligible Currency Advances not denominated in Dollars, the Foreign Currency Sublimit on such day minus the Foreign Currency Advance Amount on such day and (z) the (1) Facility Amount on such day minus (2) the Advances outstanding on such day before giving effect to the requested Advance as of such date. Any Advance Request given by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.2 , shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. The Facility Agent shall have no obligation to lend funds hereunder in its capacity as Facility Agent. Subject to receipt by the Collateral Agent of an Officer s Certificate of the Borrower pursuant to Section 6.2 (e), and the Collateral Agent s receipt of such funds from the Lenders, the Collateral Agent shall make the proceeds of such requested Advances available to the Borrower by deposit to such account as may be designated by the Borrower (in a written notice received by the Facility Agent, each Agent and the Collateral Agent at least one (1) Business Day prior to such Advance Date) in same day funds no later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on such Advance Date. 
 
 (b) Committed Lender s Commitment . At no time will any Uncommitted Lender have any obligation to fund an Advance. At all times on and after the Conduit Advance Termination Date, all Advances shall be made by the Agent on behalf of the applicable Committed Lenders. The Facility Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Advances are funded in the first instance by the Uncommitted Lenders. At any time when any Uncommitted Lender has failed to or has rejected a request to fund an Advance, its Agent shall so notify the Related Committed Lender and such Related Committed Lender shall fund such Advance. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.2(b) or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary, no Committed Lender shall be obligated to provide its Agent or the Borrower with funds in connection with an Advance in an amount that would result in the portion of the Advances then funded by it exceeding its Commitment then in effect. The obligation of the Committed Lender in each Lender Group to remit any Advance shall be several from that of the other Lenders, and the failure of any Committed Lender to so make such amount available to its Agent shall not relieve any other Committed Lender of its obligation hereunder. 
 
 (c) Unfunded Commitment Provisions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the occurrence of the earlier of (i) any acceleration of the maturity of Advances pursuant to Section 14.2 13.2 or (ii) the end of the Revolving Period, the Borrower shall request an Advance in the amount of the Aggregate Unfunded Amount minus the amount then on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. Following receipt of such Advance Request, the Lenders shall fund such requested 
 
 -67- 

Exhibit 10.18 

amount by depositing such amount directly to the Collateral Agent to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including, without limitation, the Borrower s failure to satisfy any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 
 
 Section 2.3 Notes . The Borrower shall, upon request of any Lender Group, on or after such Lender Group becomes a party hereto (whether on the Effective Date or by assignment or otherwise), execute and deliver a Note evidencing the Advances of such Lender Group. Each such Note shall be payable to the order of the Agent for such Lender Group in a face amount equal to the applicable Lender Group s Commitment as of the Effective Date or the effective date on which such Lender Group becomes a party hereto, as applicable. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes each Agent to make (or cause to be made) appropriate notations on the grid attached to the Notes (or on any continuation of such grid, or at the option of such Agent, in its records), which notations, if made, shall evidence, inter alia , the date of the outstanding principal of the Advances evidenced thereby and each payment of principal thereon. Such notations shall be rebuttably presumptive evidence of the subject matter thereof absent manifest error provided , that the failure to make any such notations shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the Obligations or any payment thereon. 
 
 Section 2.4 Repayment and Prepayments . (a) The Borrower shall repay the Advances outstanding (i) on each Distribution Date to the extent required to be repaid hereunder and funds are available therefor pursuant to Section 8.3 and (ii) in full on the Facility Termination Date. 
 
 (b) Prior to the Facility Termination Date, the Borrower may, from time to time, make a voluntary prepayment, in whole or in part, of the outstanding principal amount of any Advance using Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account or other funds available to the Borrower on such date provided , that 
 
 (i) all such voluntary prepayments shall require prior written notice to the Facility Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and each Agent) by 11 00 a.m. two 
 (2) Business Days prior to such voluntary prepayment 
 
 (ii) all such voluntary partial prepayments of Advances denominated in Dollars shall be in a minimum amount of 1,000,000 or the equivalent in an Eligible Currency and 
 
 (iii) each prepayment shall be applied on the Business Day received by the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Facility Agent, if received by 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on such day by the Collateral Agent as Amount Available constituting Principal Collections pursuant to Section 8.3(a) as if (x) the date of such prepayment were a Distribution Date and (y) such prepayment occurred during the Collection Accrual Period to which such Distribution Date relates. 
 
 Each such prepayment shall be subject to the payment of any amounts required by Section 2.5(b) (if any) resulting from a prepayment or payment. 
 
 Section 2.5 Permanent Reduction of Facility Amount . (a) The Borrower may at any time upon five Business Days prior written notice to the Facility Agent and each Agent (with a 
 
 -68- 

Exhibit 10.18 

copy to the Collateral Agent), permanently reduce the Facility Amount (i) in whole upon payment in full (in accordance with Section 2.4 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances) or (ii) in part by any pro rata amount that the Facility Amount exceeds the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances (after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment thereof). In connection with any permanent reduction of the Facility Amount under this Section 2.5(a) , the Commitment of each Committed Lender shall automatically, and without any further action by any party, be reduced pro rata with all other Committed Lenders such that the sum of all Commitments will equal the newly reduced Facility Amount. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Borrower may permanently reduce the Facility Amount at any time, provided that if such reduction occurs at any time other than those specified in Section 2.5 2.4 (a) (ii) , it shall, unless a Prepayment Fee Termination Event has occurred, pay the applicable Prepayment Fee to the Collateral Agent, for the respective accounts of the Lenders. 
 
 (c) Unless otherwise notified in writing by the Borrower to the Facility Agent in connection with a prepayment, any prepayment under this Section 2.5 must also be accompanied by a concurrent reduction of Commitments pursuant to Section 2.5 in an identical amount. 
 
 Section 2.6 Extension of Revolving Period . The Borrower may, at any time after the first anniversary of the Effective Date and prior to the date that is 45 days prior to the last date of the Revolving Period, deliver a written notice to each Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent) requesting an extension of the Revolving Period for an additional twelve months (each qualifying request, an Extension Request ). Each Lender may approve or decline an Extension Request in its sole discretion provided , that the Lenders shall respond to an Extension Request in writing not later than 30 days following receipt of such Extension Request, and if any Lender does not respond in writing by the end of such 30 day period it shall be deemed to have denied such Extension Request. No request by the Borrower to extend the Revolving Period shall be considered an Extension Request if such request is conditioned on an amendment to any other provision of the Transaction Documents. 
 
 Section 2.7 Calculation of Discount Factor. 
 
 (a) In connection with the purchase of each Collateral Obligation and prior to such Collateral Obligation being purchased by the Borrower and included in the Collateral, the Facility Agent will assign (in its sole discretion) a Discount Factor for such Collateral Obligation (and will provide written notice of such Discount Factor to the Servicer) provided , that, in connection with assigning a Discount Factor for any Collateral Obligation, the Facility Agent shall take into account whether the Purchase Price with respect to such Collateral Obligation already reflects any market discount so as to avoid duplication. 
 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a Revaluation Event with respect to any Collateral Obligation that is a Broadly Syndicated Loan (other than a DB Sole Discretion Trigger), the Discount Factor shall be adjusted to equal the lesser of (x) the initial 
 -69- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 (e) Upon the occurrence of a DB Sole Discretion Trigger with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the Facility Agent shall have the right to adjust the Discount Factor for such Collateral Obligation in its sole discretion by providing written notice thereof to the Borrower. The Collateral Agent shall forward a copy of such notice to each Agent. The Facility Agent will provide written notice of each revised Discount Factor to the Borrower, the Servicer, each Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, the Servicer shall not dispute a Revaluation Event that has occurred for any Recurring Revenue Collateral Obligation. 
 
 (g) All fees and expenses in connection with this Section 2.7 are to be paid by the Borrower in accordance with Section 17.4 . 
 
 Section 2.8 Increase in Facility Amount . The Borrower may, with the prior written consent of the Facility Agent (which consent may be conditioned on one or more conditions precedent in its sole discretion), (i) increase with the Commitment prio r w ritte n consent of the an existing Lender Groups Group , i ncreas e t h e C ommitmen t of s uc h L ende r Group (pro rata with othe r consentin g Lende r Groups ), and or (ii) add an additional Lender Group and or (iii) increase the Commitment of any Lender Group , which in each case which shall increase the Facility Amount by the amount of the increase d C ommitmen t or new Commitment , as applicable, of each such existing or additional Lender Group provided , that after giving effect to the increase described above in clause (i) , (ii) and iii ii ), in no event shall the aggregate Commitment exceed 
 2,000,000,000. 
 
 ARTICLE III YIELD, UNDRAWN FEE, ETC. 
 Section 3.1 Yield and Undrawn Fee . (a) The Borrower hereby promises to pay, on the 
 dates specified in Section 3.2 , Yield on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance (or each portion thereof) for the period commencing on the applicable Advance Date until such Advance is paid in full. No provision of this Agreement or the Notes shall require the payment or permit the collection of Yield in excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable Law. 
 
 (b) The Borrower shall pay the Undrawn Fee on the dates specified in 
 Section 3.2 . 
 
 Section 3.2 Yield Distribution Dates . Yield accrued on each Advance (including any previously accrued and unpaid Yield) and Undrawn Fee (as applicable) shall be payable, without duplication 
 
 (a) on the Facility Termination Date 
 
 (b) on the date of any payment or prepayment, in whole or in part, of principal outstanding on such Advance and 
 
 -71- 

Exhibit 10.18 

(c) on each Distribution Date. 
 
 Section 3.3 Yield Calculation . Each Note shall bear interest on each day during each Accrual Period at a rate per annum equal to the product of (a) the Interest Rate for such Accrual Period multiplied by (b) the outstanding Advances attributable to such Note on such day. All Yield shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring during the period for which such Yield is payable over a year comprised of 360 days (other than Yield accruing by the reference rate set forth in clause (a) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate, which shall be computed over a year comprised of 365 366 days). 
 
 Section 3.4 Computation of Yield, Fees, Etc. Each Agent (on behalf of its respective Lender Group) and the Facility Agent shall determine the applicable Yield and all Fees to be paid by the Borrower on each Distribution Date for the related Accrual Period and shall advise the Collateral Agent thereof in writing no later than the Determination Date fiv e 5 Business Days immediately prior to such Distribution Date. Such reporting may also include an accounting of any amounts due and payable pursuant to Sections 4.3 and 5.1 . 
 
 ARTICLE IV PAYMENTS TAXES 
 Section 4.1 Making of Payments . Subject to, and in accordance with, the provisions 
 hereof, all payments of principal of or Yield on the Advances and other amounts due to the Lenders shall be made pursuant to Section 8.3(a) by no later than 3 00 p.m., in the Applicable Time Zone, on the day when due in the applicable Eligible Currency in immediately available funds. Payments received by any Lender or Agent after 3 00 p.m., in the Applicable Time Zone, on any day will be deemed to have been received by such Lender or Agent on its next following Business Day. Each Agent shall allocate to the Lenders in its Lender Group each payment in respect of the Advances received by such Agent as provided by Section 8.3 or Section 2.4 . Payments in reduction of the principal amount of the Advances shall be allocated and applied to Lenders pro rata based on their respective portions of such Advances, or in any such case in such other proportions as each affected Lender may agree upon in writing from time to time with such Agent and the Borrower. Payments of Yield and Undrawn Fee shall be allocated and applied to Lenders pro rata based upon the respective amounts of interest and fees due and payable to them. 
 
 Section 4.2 Due Date Extension . If any payment of principal or Yield with respect to any Advance falls due on a day which is not a Business Day, then such due date shall be extended to the next following Business Day, and additional Yield shall accrue and be payable for the period of such extension at the rate applicable to such Advance. 
 
 Section 4.3 Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) 
 -72- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Following the Facility Termination Date, the Borrower shall cause the Servicer to forward any draw request made by an Obligor under a Variable Funding Asset, along with wiring instructions for the applicable Obligor, to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Facility Agent and each Agent) along with an instruction to the Collateral Agent to withdraw the applicable amount from the Unfunded Exposure Account and a certification that the conditions to fund such draw are satisfied, and the Collateral Agent shall fund such draw request in accordance with such instructions from the Servicer. 
 
 Following the end of the Revolving Period, if the Borrower shall receive any Principal Collections from an Obligor with respect to a Variable Funding Asset and, as of the date of such receipt (and after taking into account such repayment), the aggregate amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account is less than the Aggregate Unfunded Amount (the amount of such shortfall, in each case, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall ), the Borrower shall cause the Servicer to direct the Collateral Agent to and the Collateral Agent shall deposit into the Unfunded Exposure Account an amount of such Principal Collections equal to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of such Principal Collections and (b) the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall (such amount to be determined by the Servicer). 
 
 (b) All amounts held in any Account shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, be invested by the Collateral Agent, as directed by the Servicer in writing (or, if the Servicer fails to provide such direction, such amounts shall remain uninvested), in Permitted Investments that mature (i) with respect to the Collection Account, not later than one Business Day prior to the Distribution Date for the Collection Accrual Period to which such amounts relate and (ii) with respect to the Unfunded Exposure Account, on the immediately following Business Day. Any such written direction shall certify that any such investment is authorized by this Section 8.1 . Investments in Permitted Investments shall be made in the name of the Securities Intermediary, and, except as specifically required below, such investments shall not be sold or disposed of prior to their maturity. If any amounts are needed for disbursement from the Collection Account and sufficient uninvested funds are not available therein to make such disbursement, the Collateral Agent shall cause to be sold or otherwise converted to cash a sufficient amount of the investments in such account to make such disbursement in accordance with and upon the written direction of the Servicer or, if the Servicer shall fail to give such direction, the Facility Agent. The Collateral Agent shall, upon written request, provide the Facility Agent with all information in its possession regarding transfer into and out of the Collection Account (including, but not limited to, the identity of the counterparty making or receiving such transfer). In no event shall the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary be liable for the selection of any investments or any losses in connection therewith, or for any failure of the Servicer or the Facility Agent, as applicable, to timely provide investment instruction to the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary and their respective Affiliates shall be permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Collateral Agent s or the Securities Intermediary s economic self-interest for (i) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Permitted Investments, (ii) using affiliates to effect transactions in certain Permitted Investments, and (iii) effecting transactions in 
 -96- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 (i) From the Interest Collection Account, the Amount Available constituting Interest Collections for such Distribution Date in the following order of priority 
 
 (A) FIRST, to the payment of taxes and governmental fees owing by the Borrower, if any, which expenses shall not exceed 50,000 on any Distribution Date 
 
 (B) SECOND, to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian, any accrued and unpaid Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses for the related Collection Accrual Period pursuant to the Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter, which expenses shall not exceed the amount of the Capped Fees Expenses 
 
 (C) THIRD, to the Servicer (unless waived or deferred in whole or in part by the Servicer), any fees of the Servicer in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of any accrued and unpaid Primary Servicer Fee for the related Collection Accrual Period 
 
 (D) FOURTH, pro rata , based on the amounts owed to such Persons under this Section 8.3(a)(D) , (A) to the Lenders, an amount equal to the Yield on the Advances accrued during the Accrual Period with respect to such Distribution Date (and any Yield with respect to any prior Accrual Period to the extent not paid on a prior Distribution Date), (B) to the Facility Agent and the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders, all accrued and unpaid Fees due to the Lenders, the Agents and the Facility Agent and (C) to the Hedge Counterparties, any amounts owed for the current and prior Distribution Dates to the Hedge Counterparties under Hedging Agreements (other than Hedge Breakage Costs), together with interest accrued thereon 
 
 (E) FIFTH, during the Revolving Period, to the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amount of the outstanding Advances (1) in the amount necessary to reduce the Advances outstanding to an amount not to exceed the lower of the Borrowing Base and the Maximum Availability and (2) if either (or both of) the Minimum Diversity Test or the Minimum Equity Condition is not satisfied on such Distribution Date, in the amount necessary to reduce the Advances outstanding to zero 
 
 (F) SIXTH, reserved 
 
 (G) SEVENTH, after the end of the Revolving Period, first (1) if a Revaluation Diversion Even t o r a F acilit y Termination Event has occurred, to the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders pro rata to repay the Advances outstanding in the amount necessary to reduce the Advances outstanding to zero and second (2) if th e D iversit y S cor e is e qua l to or l es s t ha n 10, to the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders pro rata to repay the Advances outstanding, in an amount equal to all remaining Amount Available constituting Interest 
 -98- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Collections provided that all Interest Collections shall be released to the Borrower in full so long as the Diversity Score is greater than 10 
 
 (H) EIGHTH, to the Servicer (unless waived or deferred in whole or in part by the Servicer), any fees of the Servicer in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of any accrued and unpaid Secondary Servicer Fee for the related Collection Accrual Period, as well as any expenses of the Servicer or other amounts owing to the Servicer 
 
 (I) NINTH, pro rata based on amounts owed to such Persons under this Section 8.3(a)(I) , to the Hedge Counterparties, any unpaid Hedge Breakage Costs, together with interest accrued thereon 
 
 (J) TENTH, to any Affected Persons, any Increased Costs then due and owing 
 
 (K) ELEVENTH, to the extent not previously paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(A) above, to the payment of taxes and governmental fees owing by the Borrower, if any 
 
 (L) TWELFTH, to the extent not previously paid by or on behalf of the Borrower, to each Indemnified Party, any Indemnified Amounts then due and owing to each such Indemnified Party 
 
 (M) THIRTEENTH, at the election of the Servicer to pay to the Servicer any deferred and unpaid Primary Servicer Fee or deferred and unpaid Secondary Servicer Fee 
 
 (N) FOURTEENTH, to the extent not previously paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(i)(B) above, to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian, any Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses due to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian under the Transaction Documents 
 
 (O) FIFTEENTH, to pay any other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and not previously paid pursuant to this Section 8.3(a) 
 
 (P) SIXTEENTH, to the Equityholder as a Permitted RIC Distribution 
 and 
 
 (Q) SEVENTEENTH, (A) during the Revolving Period, (1)(x) during 
 an Unmatured Facility Termination Event, to remain in the Interest Collection Account as Interest Collections or , y) (i B during the occurrence of a Cash Trap Event, to repay the Advances outstanding in the amount necessary to reduce the Advances outstanding to zero or , ii C otherwise, (i durin g th e Revolvin g Period, the remaining Amount Available constituting Interest Collections to the Borrower 
 
 -99- 

Exhibit 10.18 

for distribution to the Equityholder or for Reinvestment and B ii after the end of the Revolving Period, to the Borrower for distribution to the Equityholder. 
 
 (ii) From the Principal Collection Account, the Amount Available constituting Principal Collections for such Distribution Date in the following order of priority 
 
 (A) FIRST, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clauses (A) through (F), in that order, but, in each case, only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (B) SECOND, after the end of the Revolving Period and to the extent not paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(i)(G) , to the Lenders pro rata to repay the Advances outstanding 
 
 (C) THIRD, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clauses (I) and (J) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but, in each case, only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (D) FOURTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (K) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but, in each case, only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (E) FIFTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (L) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (F) SIXTH, to the extent not previously paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(i)(B) or Section 8.3(a)(i)(M) , to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Custodian, any costs and expenses due to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Custodian under the Transaction Documents (other than Increased Costs and Indemnified Amounts) 
 
 (G) SEVENTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (N) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (H) EIGHTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (O) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (I) NINTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (P) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (J) TENTH, during the Revolving Period, to remain in the Principal Collection Account as Principal Collections, which may be distributed to the 
 -100- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Section 9.25 Value Given . The Borrower has given fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value to the Equityholder (including, for this purpose, equity of the Borrower) or the applicable third party seller in exchange for the purchase of the Collateral Obligations (or any number of them). No such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt and no such transfer is or may be voidable or subject to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Section 9.26 Regulatory Compliance . The Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock and none of the proceeds of the Advances will be used, directly or indirectly, for a purpose that violates Regulation T, Regulation U, Regulation X or any other regulation promulgated by the FRS Board from time to time. 
 
 Section 9.27 Separate Existence . The Borrower is operated as an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of any of its Affiliates or any Affiliates of the Servicer, and the Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Facility Agent, each of the Agents and each of the Lenders are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in reliance upon the Borrower s identity as a separate legal entity. Since its formation, the Borrower has been (and will be) operated in such a manner as to comply with the covenants set forth in Section 10.5 . 
 
 Section 9.28 Transaction Documents . The Transaction Documents delivered to the Facility Agent represent all material agreements between the Equityholder, on the one hand, and the Borrower, on the other. Upon the purchase and or contribution of each Collateral Obligation (or an interest in a Collateral Obligation) pursuant to this Agreement or the Sale Agreement, the Borrower shall be the lawful owner of, and have good title to, such Collateral Obligation and all assets relating thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) provided that, with respect to any Assigned Participation Interest purchased by the Borrower, the Borrower shall not be the record owner of the underlying Loan until the elevation of such Assigned Participation Interest. All such assets are transferred to the Borrower without recourse to the Equityholder except as described in the Sale Agreement. The purchases of such assets by the Borrower constitute valid and true sales for consideration (and not merely a pledge of such assets for security purposes) and the contributions of such assets received by the Borrower constitute valid and true transfers for consideration, each enforceable against creditors of the Equityholder, and no such assets shall constitute property of the Equityholder provided that, with respect to any Assigned Participation Interest purchased by the Borrower, the Borrower shall not be the record owner of the underlying Loan until the elevation of such Assigned Participation Interest. 
 
 Section 9.29 Anti-Terrorism, Anti-Money Laundering . (a) Neither the Borrower nor any Affiliate, officer, employee or director, acting on behalf of the Borrower is (i) a country, territory, organization, person or entity named on any sanctions list administered or imposed by the U.S. Government including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC list, or any other list maintained for the purposes of sanctions enforcement by any of the United Nations, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury in the UK, Germany, Canada, Australia, and any other country or multilateral organization (collectively, Sanctions ), including but not limited to Afghanistan, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, th e Donets k P eople s R epublic , t h e Luhansk People s Republic and the Crimea region in Ukraine (the Sanctioned Countries (ii) a Person 
 -108- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 terrorism, fire, riot, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations, governmental action or the like which delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this Agreement. 
 
 Section 14.7 Indemnification . The Lenders agree to indemnify the Facility Agent and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower or the Servicer under the Transaction Documents, and without limiting the obligation of such Persons to do so in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents), ratably according to the outstanding amounts of their Advances from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Facility Agent or the affected Person in connection with any investigative, or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not the Facility Agent or such affected Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Facility Agent or such affected Person as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to or by reason of, any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith. 
 
 Section 14.8 Successor Note Agent . If the Facility Agent shall resign as Facility Agent under this Agreement, then the Majority Lenders shall appoint a successor agent, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Facility Agent, and the term Facility Agent shall mean such successor agent, effective upon its acceptance of such appointment, and the former Facility Agent s rights, powers and duties as Facility Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Facility Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. In addition, prior to any assignment or participation by DBNY (o r a n y of i t s affiliates) of any interest in its Commitment which, in either case, after giving effect to such assignment or participation would result in DBNY (o r a n y of i t s affiliates) holding (unparticipated) less than 25 of the Facility Amount, the Required Lenders shall be permitted to appoint a new Facility Agent with the consent of the Servicer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). Any Agent may resign as Agent upon ten days notice to the Lenders in its Lender Group and the Facility Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) with such resignation becoming effective upon a successor agent succeeding to the rights, powers and duties of the Agent pursuant to this Section 14.8 . If an Agent shall resign as Agent under this Agreement, then Lenders in its Lender Group holding greater than 50 of the outstanding Advances held by such Lender Group shall appoint a successor agent for such Lender Group. After any Note Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article XIV shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was a Note Agent under this Agreement. No resignation of any Note Agent shall become effective until a successor Note Agent shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of such Note Agent hereunder provided , that in the event a successor Note Agent is not appointed within 60 days after such notice of its resignation is given as permitted by this Section 14.8 , the applicable Note Agent may petition a court for its removal. 
 
 Section 14.9 Note Agents in their Individual Capacity . Each Note Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or the Servicer as though such Note Agent were not an agent hereunder. Any 
 -142- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Section 17.2 Amendments, Waivers . (a) This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified nor may any provision hereof be waived except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 17.2 . The Borrower and , the Facility Agent an d t h e Required Lenders, may, upon written notice to the Servicer and each Agent, from time to time enter into written amendments, supplements, waivers or modifications hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of any party hereto or waiving, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement provided , that no such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification shall (i) reduce the amount of or extend the maturity of any payment with respect to an Advance or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Yield thereon, or reduce or alter the timing of any other amount payable to any Lender hereunder, in each case without the consent of each Lender affected thereby, (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 17.2 or Section 17.11 , or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders, (iii) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Collateral Agent, in each case without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Facility Agent, in each case without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent, (v) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Collateral Custodian, in each case without the prior written consent of the Collateral Custodian, (vi) constitute a Fundamental Amendment without the prior written consent of each Lender, (vii) waive any Facility Termination Event or Servicer Event of Default without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, (viii) materially affect the rights or duties of the Servicer unless the Servicer has consented thereto, or 
 (ix) modify the definition of the terms Advance Rate , Borrowing Base , Facility Termination Date , Fundamental Amendment , Maximum Portfolio Advance Rate or Minimum Equity Condition , or any defined term used therein, in each case in a manner which would have the effect of making more credit available to the Borrower, or make such provision less restrictive on the Borrower in any other material fashion, without the prior written consent of the Supermajority Lenders. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if at any time the Facility Agent determines (and the Borrower consents to such determination), that 
 (i) the circumstances described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Base Rate (excluding any Benchmark Transition Event) have arisen with respect to the LIBOR Rate or Daily Simple SONIA and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary (or the Facility Agent has received notice from the Collateral Agent to that effect) or (ii) the circumstances described in clause (a) or 
 (b) of the definition of Base Rate (excluding any Benchmark Transition Event) have not arisen with respect to the LIBOR Rate or Daily Simple SONIA but the supervisor for the administrator of the London interbank offered rate, Daily Simple SONIA or a governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the London interbank offered rate or Daily Simple SONIA shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans in Dollars or GBPs (as applicable), then the Facility Agent and the Borrower may designate a new benchmark rate (which may include spread adjustments applicable to such rate or any rate based on such rate) to be used to calculate the LIBOR Rate or Daily Simple SONIA, which benchmark rate may be (A) a comparable successor rate that, at such time, is broadly accepted by the U.S. syndicated loan 
 -149- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 market for loans denominated in Dollars or GBP (as applicable) in lieu of the applicable LIBOR Rate or Daily Simple SONIA or (B) such other benchmark rate designated by the Facility Agent and the Borrower and consented to by the Required Lenders. Except as set forth in clause (B) of the immediately preceding sentence, the designation of such alternative benchmark rate shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. If 
 (x) the circumstances described in clause (i) or clause (ii) above have arisen and (y) the LIBOR Rate or Daily Simple SONIA for any Accrual Period cannot be determined for such Accrual Period in accordance with the definition of LIBOR Rate or Daily Simple SONIA, then until an alternate benchmark rate shall be determined in accordance with this paragraph, for any Advance the Base Rate for which would otherwise be the LIBOR Rate or Daily Simple SONIA, the Base Rate shall be the Alternate Base Rate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if at any time the Facility Agent determines (and the Borrower consents to such determination), that a Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred with respect to any Applicable Index, on a Benchmark Replacement Date, the relevant Applicable Index will be replaced hereunder and under any Transaction Document with the applicable Benchmark Replacement provided that with respect to Advances in Dollars, if the Facility Agent determines (and the Borrower consents to such determination) that a Term SOFR Transition Event has occurred, and the Facility Agent notifies each Lender of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Accrual Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Benchmark Replacement shall be Term SOFR plus the relevant Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 (d) The Facility Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify each Lender (at the direction of the Facility Agent) of (x) any occurrence of any of the events, periods or circumstances under the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , (y) the Benchmark Replacement Date and (z) the Benchmark Replacement. 
 
 (e) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Facility Agent and the Borrower will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Facility Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 
 (f) If a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Benchmark Replacement then in effect, then the successor rate thereto shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Benchmark Replacement. 
 
 (g) The Borrower and the Servicer each acknowledge that the Facility Agent may be communicating with other Lenders, Agents or potential lenders in connection with an amendmen t o r sy ndicatio n o f thi s Agreement. 
 -150- 

Exhibit 10.18 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BCRED DENALI PEAK FUNDING LLC , as 
 Borrower 

By 
 Name Title 

USActive 56743394.2 57084911.11 27965262.16.BUSINESS 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Annex B 

Exhibit 10.18 

 Lender 
 
 Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 

Commitment 
 
 300,000,000 
 
 300,000,000 

Raymond James Bank 75,000,000 
 
 Altshule r Shaha m Providen t Fund s & Pensio n L t d 75,000,000 

Total 675,000,000 750,000,000 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 bcred20221231-ex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.20 

 EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of 
 March 17, 2022 (this Amendment ), among BCRED Summit Peak Funding LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as servicer (the Servicer and equityholder (the Equityholder ), Soci t G n rale, as agent (in such capacity, the Agent ), each Lender party hereto (each, a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral administrator (the Collateral Administrator ), collateral agent (the Collateral Agent and collateral custodian (the Collateral Custodian ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Equityholder, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Custodian, the Lenders and the Agent are party to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, Customers Bank, Centennial Bank, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, New York Branch and Investec Bank PLC shall become Lenders under the Loan Agreement as of the date hereof and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Equityholder, the Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 Amendments 
 
 SECTION 2.1. Amendments to the Loan Agreement . As of the date of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double- underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bol d and double-underline d text as set forth on the pages of the Loan Agreement attached as Appendix A hereto. 
 USActive 57370512.4.docx 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 ARTICLE III 
 
 Conditions to Effectiveness 
 
 SECTION 3.1. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions 
 
 (a) the execution and delivery of this Amendment by each party hereto 
 
 (b) the Agent s receipt of a legal opinion of counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent covering such matters as the Agent may reasonably request 
 
 (c) payment of all fees due and owing to the Agent on or prior to the date of this Amendment and 
 
 (d) the Agent s receipt of a good standing certificate for the Borrower issued by the applicable office body of its jurisdiction of organization and a certified copy of the resolutions of the board of managers or directors (or similar items) of the Borrower approving this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by its secretary or assistant secretary or other authorized officer. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 4.1. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Agent that, as of the date first written above, (i) no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 5.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 SECTION 5.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 2 
 USActive 57370512.4.docx 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

SECTION 5.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended and waived hereby, the Loan Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement shall form a part of the Loan Agreement for all purposes and is therefore a Transaction Document. 
 
 SECTION 5.4. Entire Agreement . The only amendments being made to the Loan Agreement are those that are set forth in this Agreement no other amendments are being made. This Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof is intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and the other parties hereto. 
 
 SECTION 5.5. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.6. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.7. Electronic Signatures . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.8. Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Collateral Custodian Direction . By its execution hereof, the Agent hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Custodian to execute and deliver this Amendment on the date hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.9. Fair Market Value . The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Amendment is being entered into between them pursuant to arms -length negotiations, and each party further acknowledges and agrees that it has no reason to believe the fair market value of the Loans immediately prior to this Amendment having been entered into would not be substantially equivalent to the fair market value of the Loans immediately after this Amendment has been entered into. 
 
 3 
 USActive 57370512.4.docx 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Signature pages follow 
 4 
 USActive 57370512.4.docx 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 BCRED SUMMIT PEAK FUNDING LLC, as 
 Borrower 

By BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND , 
 its sole member 
 
 By s Marisa Beeney Name Marisa Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, as 
 Servicer and Equityholder 

By s Marisa Beeney Name Marisa Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

SOCI T G N RALE , as Agent 

By s Julien Thinat Name Julien Thinat Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

SOCI T GENERALE , as a Lender 

By s Julien Thinat Name Julien Thinat Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL 
 ASSOCIATION , not in its individual capacity, but solely as Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian 

By s Erica Zhao Name Erica Zhao Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 ALECTA TJ NSTEPENSION MSESIDIGT, 
 as a Lender 

By s William McKechnie 
 Name William McKechnie 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 CITIZENS BANK, NA , as a Lender 
 
 By s Kevin Kelly 
 Name Kevin Kelly 
 Title Managing Director 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 DocuSign Envelope ID 4EA8DFF7-4800-4079-BEE0-BA30F87267EE 

SUMITOMO MITSUI TRUST BANK, LIMITED, NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Lender 

By s Shuichi Kiyanagi 
 Name Shuichi Kiyanagi 
 Title Head of Department 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 CUSTOMERS BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s Lyle P. Cunningham 
 Name Lyle P. Cunningham 
 Title Executive Vice President 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 CENTENNIAL BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s Stephen O Keefe 
 Name Stephen O Keefe 
 Title Managing Director 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Ag r eement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

INVESTEC BANK PLC , as a Lender 

By s Victoria Stott 
 Name Victoria Stott 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 By s Leonard Cirota 
 Name Leonard Cirota 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Appendix A 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 CONFORMED THROUGH AMENDMENT NO. 3 4 
 EXECUTIO N VERSION 

LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 dated as of March 3, 2021 BCRED SUMMIT PEAK FUNDING LLC, 
 as Borrower 
 
 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, 
 as Servicer and Equityholder 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, SOCI T G N RALE, 
 as Agent 
 THE OTHER LENDER AGENTS PARTIES HERETO, SOCI T G N RALE, 
 as Swingline Lender 
 
 WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Collateral Administrator and 
 WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Collateral Agent and as Collateral Custodian 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS 1 
 
 Section 1.1 Defined Terms. 1 Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions. 61 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 THE FACILITY, LENDING PROCEDURES AND NOTES 62 
 
 Section 2.1 Loans. 62 Section 2.2 Funding of Loans. 63 Section 2.3 Notes. 65 Section 2.4 Repayment, Prepayments and Conversion. 65 Section 2.5 Permanent Reduction of Facility Amount. 66 67 Section 2.6 Extension of Revolving Period. 67 68 Section 2.7 Change in Advance Rate. 67 68 Section 2.8 Increase in Facility Amount. 68 69 Section 2.9 Defaulting Lenders. 69 Section 2.10 Facility Termination Date. 70 71 Section 2.11 Refunding of Swingline Loans. 70 71 Section 2.12 Borrowing and Repaying GBP Loans. 71 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 INTEREST, ETC. 72 
 
 Section 3.1 Interest. 72 Section 3.2 Interest Distribution Dates. 72 
 -i- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Section 3.3 Interest Calculation. 72 73 Section 3.4 Computation of Interest, Fees, Etc. 72 73 Section 3.5 Interest on GBP Loans . 73 Section 3.6 Temporary Disruption of Term SOFR. 74 
 Section 3.7 Illegality 74 
 Section 3.8 Breakage. 74 
 Section 3.9 Fair Market Value 74 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 PAYMENTS TAXES 73 75 
 
 Section 4.1 Making of Payments. 73 75 Section 4.2 Due Date Extension. 74 75 Section 4.3 Taxes. 74 75 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 INCREASED COSTS, ETC. 77 79 
 
 Section 5.1 Increased Costs, Capital Adequacy. 77 79 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 CONDITIONS TO LOANS 79 80 
 
 Section 6.1 Effectiveness. 79 80 Section 6.2 Loans and Reinvestments. 81 82 Section 6.3 Transfer of Collateral Obligations and Permitted Investments. 83 84 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT OF COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS 84 85 
 
 Section 7.1 Retention and Termination of the Servicer. 84 85 
 -ii- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Section 7.2 Resignation and Removal of the Servicer Appointment of 
 Successor Servicer. 84 85 Section 7.3 Duties of the Servicer. 85 86 Section 7.4 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer. 86 87 Section 7.5 Covenants Relating to the Servicer. 89 90 Section 7.6 Reserved. 92 93 Section 7.7 Collateral Reporting. 92 93 Section 7.8 Reserved. 92 93 
 Section 7.9 Procedural Review of Collateral Obligations Access to 
 Servicer and Servicer s Records. 92 94 Section 7.10 Optional Sales. 93 94 Section 7.11 Repurchase or Substitution of Warranty Collateral Obligations. 95 96 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 ACCOUNTS PAYMENTS 95 97 
 
 Section 8.1 Accounts. 95 97 Section 8.2 Excluded Amounts. 97 99 Section 8.3 Distributions, Reinvestment and Dividends. 98 99 Section 8.4 Fees. 101 103 Section 8.5 Monthly Report. 102 103 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER 102 104 
 
 Section 9.1 Organization and Good Standing. 102 104 Section 9.2 Due Qualification. 103 104 Section 9.3 Power and Authority. 103 104 Section 9.4 Binding Obligations. 103 104 
 
 -3- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Section 9.5 Security Interest. 103 104 Section 9.6 No Violation. 104 105 Section 9.7 No Proceedings. 104 106 Section 9.8 No Consents. 105 106 Section 9.9 Solvency. 105 106 Section 9.10 Compliance with Laws. 105 106 Section 9.11 Taxes. 105 106 Section 9.12 Monthly Report. 105 107 Section 9.13 No Liens, Etc. 105 107 Section 9.14 Information True and Correct. 106 107 Section 9.15 Reserved. 106 108 
 Section 9.16 Collateral. 106 108 Section 9.17 Selection Procedures. 106 108 Section 9.18 Indebtedness. 106 108 Section 9.19 No Injunctions. 107 108 Section 9.20 No Subsidiaries. 107 108 Section 9.21 ERISA Compliance. 107 108 Section 9.22 Investment Company Status. 107 108 Section 9.23 Set-Off, Etc. 107 108 Section 9.24 Collections. 107 108 Section 9.25 Value Given. 107 108 Section 9.26 Regulatory Compliance. 107 109 Section 9.27 Separate Existence. 107 109 Section 9.28 Transaction Documents. 107 109 
 
 -4- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Section 9.29 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money 
 Laundering Laws. 108 109 Section 9.30 Compliance with Sanctions. 108 109 Section 9.31 Beneficial Ownership Certification. 108 109 Section 9.32 Similar Law. 108 109 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 COVENANTS 108 110 
 
 Section 10.1 Protection of Security Interest of the Secured Parties. 108 110 Section 10.2 Other Liens or Interests. 109 111 Section 10.3 Costs and Expenses. 109 111 Section 10.4 Initial Eligible Collateral Obligation. 110 111 Section 10.5 Separate Existence. 110 111 Section 10.6 Hedging Agreements. 111 112 Section 10.7 Know Your Customer. 113 114 Section 10.8 Taxes. 113 114 Section 10.9 Merger, Consolidation, Etc. 113 115 Section 10.10 Deposit of Collections. 113 115 Section 10.11 Indebtedness Guarantees. 113 115 Section 10.12 Limitation on Purchases from Affiliates. 114 115 Section 10.13 Documents. 114 115 Section 10.14 Preservation of Existence. 114 115 Section 10.15 Limitation on Investments. 114 116 Section 10.16 Distributions. 114 116 Section 10.17 Performance of Borrower Assigned Agreements. 115 117 Section 10.18 Reserved. 115 117 
 -5- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Section 10.19 Further Assurances Financing Statements. 115 117 Section 10.20 Obligor Payment Instructions. 116 117 Section 10.21 Delivery of Collateral Obligation Files. 116 118 Section 10.22 Sanctions. 116 118 Section 10.23 Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 116 118 Section 10.24 Beneficial Ownership Certification. 117 118 Section 10.25 Retention Letter. 117 118 Section 10.26 Securitisation Regulation. 117 118 
 ARTICLE XI 
 
 THE COLLATERAL AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR 118 119 
 Section 11.1 Appointment of Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator. 118 119 Section 11.2 Monthly Reports. 118 119 Section 11.3 Collateral Administration. 118 119 Section 11.4 Removal or Resignation of Collateral Agent and Collateral 
 Administrator. 121 122 Section 11.5 Representations and Warranties. 122 124 Section 11.6 No Adverse Interest of Collateral Agent. 122 124 Section 11.7 Reliance of Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator. 123 124 
 Section 11.8 Limitation of Liability and Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator Rights. 123 125 
 Section 11.9 Tax Reports. 127 128 Section 11.10 Merger or Consolidation. 127 128 Section 11.11 Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator Compensation. 127 129 Section 11.12 Anti-Terrorism Laws. 128 129 Section 11.13 Erroneous Payments. 128 130 
 -vi- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

ARTICLE XII 
 
 GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST 130 131 
 
 Section 12.1 Borrower s Grant of Security Interest. 130 131 Section 12.2 Borrower Remains Liable. 131 133 Section 12.3 Release of Collateral. 132 133 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 
 EVENT OF DEFAULTS 132 133 
 Section 13.1 Event of Defaults. 132 133 Section 13.2 Effect of Event of Default. 134 136 Section 13.3 Rights upon Event of Default. 135 136 Section 13.4 Collateral Agent May Enforce Claims Without Possession of 
 Notes. 136 138 Section 13.5 Collective Proceedings. 136 138 Section 13.6 Insolvency Proceedings. 137 138 Section 13.7 Delay or Omission Not Waiver. 137 139 Section 13.8 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. 138 139 
 Section 13.9 Limitation on Duty of Collateral Agent in Respect of 
 Collateral. 138 139 Section 13.10 Power of Attorney. 138 140 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 
 THE AGENT 139 141 
 Section 14.1 Appointment. 139 141 Section 14.2 Delegation of Duties. 140 141 Section 14.3 Exculpatory Provisions. 140 141 Section 14.4 Reliance by Note Agents. 140 142 
 -vii- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Section 14.5 Notices. 141 142 Section 14.6 Non-Reliance on Note Agents. 141 142 Section 14.7 Indemnification. 142 143 Section 14.8 Successor Note Agent. 142 143 Section 14.9 Note Agents in their Individual Capacity. 143 144 Section 14.10 Borrower Procedural Review. 143 144 Section 14.11 Certain ERISA Matters. 143 145 
 ARTICLE XV 
 
 ASSIGNMENTS 145 147 
 
 Section 15.1 Restrictions on Assignments. 145 147 Section 15.2 Documentation. 145 147 Section 15.3 Rights of Assignee. 145 147 Section 15.4 Assignment by Lenders. 145 147 Section 15.5 Participations Pledge. 146 148 
 ARTICLE XVI 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 147 149 
 
 Section 16.1 Borrower Indemnity. 147 149 Section 16.2 Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. 148 150 Section 16.3 Contribution. 148 150 Section 16.4 Net After-Tax Basis. 148 150 
 ARTICLE XVII 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 149 150 
 
 Section 17.1 No Waiver Remedies. 149 150 
 
 -8- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Section 17.2 Amendments , Waivers Permanen t Discontinuanc e o f SOFR Benchmar k Exculpation . 149 151 
 
 Section 17.3 Notices, Etc. 152 153 Section 17.4 Costs and Expenses. 153 154 Section 17.5 Binding Effect Survival. 154 155 Section 17.6 Captions and Cross References. 154 155 Section 17.7 Severability. 155 Section 17.8 GOVERNING LAW. 155 
 Section 17.9 Counterparts. 155 Section 17.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 155 
 Section 17.11 No Proceedings. 155 156 Section 17.12 Limited Recourse. 156 Section 17.13 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 157 158 
 Section 17.14 Confidentiality. 157 158 Section 17.15 Non-Confidentiality of Tax Treatment. 158 159 Section 17.16 Replacement of Lenders. 158 159 Section 17.17 Consent to Jurisdiction. 159 160 
 Section 17.18 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected 
 Financial Institutions. 160 Section 17.19 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 160 161 Section 17.20 USA Patriot Act. 161 Section 17.21 Right of Setoff 161 Section 17.22 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs. 161 162 Section 17.23 Electronic Communications and Signatures. 162 
 -9- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of March 3, 2021, among BCRED SUMMIT PEAK FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as Servicer (as hereinafter defined) and as Equityholder (as hereinafter defined), each LENDER (as hereinafter defined) FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, the LENDER AGENTS for the Lender Groups (as hereinafter defined) from time to time parties hereto (each such party, in such capacity, together with their respective successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, a Lender Agent ), WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator (as hereinafter defined), WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian (each as hereinafter defined), SOCI T G N RALE, as Agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Agent and SOCI T G N RALE, as Swingline Lender (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Swingline Lender ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower desires that each Lender extend financing on the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 WHEREAS, each Lender desires to extend financing on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, based upon the foregoing Recitals, the premises and the mutual agreements herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Section 1.1 Defined Terms . 
 
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings 1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 ABR means, when used in reference to any Loan, that such Loan bears interest at a rate determine d b y referenc e t o th e Alternat e Bas e Rate. 
 
 AB R Loan mean s a Loa n tha t bear s interes t a t a rat e base d o n th e Alternat e Bas e Rate. 
 
 Account means the Custodial Account, the Payment Account, the Principal Collection Account, the Interest Collection Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account, together with any 

USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 sub-accounts deemed appropriate or necessary by the Securities Intermediary, for convenience in administering such accounts. 
 
 Account Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(d) . 
 
 Account Control Agreement means the Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and between the Borrower, as pledgor, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, as secured party, and the Collateral Custodian, as Securities Intermediary. 
 
 Accrual Period means, with respect to any Distribution Determination Date, the period from and including the previous Distribution Date (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, from and including the Effective Date) Determinatio n Date through and including the day preceding such Distribution Determination Date. 
 
 Acquisition Date means, for any Collateral Obligation, the date on which such Collateral Obligation is committed to be acquired by the Borrower. 
 
 Advance Rate means, with respect to any Eligible Collateral Obligation, as of the related Acquisition Date, the applicable percentage assigned to such Eligible Collateral Obligation by the Agent in the related Approval Notice in accordance with the following chart determined based on the Diversity Score as of such date, and subject to adjustment after the related Acquisition Date solely in accordance with Section 2.7 
 
 -2- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Advance Rates for Diversity Score 
 above 8 

Advance Rates for Diversity Score equal to or below 8 

For BSLs 

BSL type Advance Rate 
 Type 1 Broadly Syndicated Loan (with more than one bid on the related Acquisition Date) 75 
 Type 1 Broadly Syndicated Loan (with less than or equal to one bid on the related Acquisition Date) 
 65 
 Type 2 Broadly Syndicated Loan 55 

For MMLs 

-3- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 MML type Advance Rate 
 Middle Market Loans 65 

Same as above, capped at 50 

provided that with respect to any Collateral Obligation that is approved by the Agent as an Eligible Collateral Obligation despite one or more of the criteria in the definition thereof not 
 -4- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 being satisfied as of the related Acquisition Date, such Eligible Collateral Obligation shall have the Advance Rate assigned by the Agent in its sole discretion on the related Approval Notice. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affected Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 . 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person provided that for purposes of determining whether any Collateral Obligation is an Eligible Collateral Obligation or any Obligor is an Eligible Obligor, the term Affiliate shall not include any Affiliate relationship which may exist solely as a result of direct or indirect ownership of, or control by, a common Financial Sponsor. For purposes of this definition, control , when used with respect to any specified Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote 20 or more of the voting securities of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
 
 Agent has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 
 Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount means, as of any date, the sum of the Collateral Obligation Amounts for all Eligible Collateral Obligations. 
 
 Aggregate Funded Spread means, as of any date, the sum of 
 
 (a) in the case of each Eligible Collateral Obligation that bears interest at a spread over a London interbank offered rate based index, the product of (i) the excess of (A) the sum of (x) the stated interest rate spread on each such Eligible Collateral Obligation and (y) any other fees (including, without limitation, anniversary fees but excluding commitment fees) (such rate stated as a per annum rate) that are contractually required to be payable as of such date over 
 (B) the Applicable Interest Rate for such applicable period of time (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of each such Eligible Collateral Obligation plus 
 
 (b) in the case of each Eligible Collateral Obligation that bears interest at a spread over an index other than a London interbank offered rate based index, the product of (i) the excess for each such Eligible Collateral Obligation of (A) the sum of (x) such stated interest rate spread on each such Collateral Obligation, (y) such index for each such Collateral Obligation (such spread and index as adjusted by the Agent in a commercially reasonable manner to be the spread and index of an otherwise equivalent Eligible Collateral Obligation that is based on LIBOR Ter m SOFR , EURIBOR or CDOR, as applicable, or any applicable replacement index therefor in accordance with this Agreement) and (z) any other fees (including, without limitation, anniversary fees but excluding commitment fees) (such rate stated as a per annum rate) that are contractually required to be payable as of such date over (B) the Applicable Interest Rate for such applicable period of time (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of each such Eligible Collateral Obligation plus 
 -5- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 (c) in the case of each Eligible Collateral Obligation that is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, the product of (i) the excess for each such Eligible Collateral Obligation of 
 (A) the sum of (x) the stated fixed interest rate for such Collateral Obligation (such fixed interest rate as adjusted by the Agent in a commercially reasonable manner to be the spread of an otherwise equivalent Eligible Collateral Obligation that is based on LIBOR or any applicable replacement index therefor Ter m SOFR in accordance with this Agreement) and (y) any other fees (including, without limitation, anniversary fees but excluding commitment fees) (such rate stated as a per annum rate) that are contractually required to be payable as of such date over (B) the Applicable Interest Rate for such applicable period of time (which excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of each such Eligible Collateral Obligation plus 
 
 (d) in the case of each Eligible Collateral Obligation that is a Variable Funding Asset, the aggregate amount of the product of (i) the related commitment or undrawn fee (expressed as a percentage and as adjusted by the Agent in a commercially reasonable manner) as of such date multiplied by (ii) the Exposure Amount of each such Eligible Collateral Obligation as of such date. 
 
 Aggregate Notional Amount shall mean, with respect to any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the notional amounts or equivalent amounts of all outstanding Hedging Agreements, Replacement Hedging Agreements and Qualified Substitute Arrangements, each as of such date of determination. 
 
 Aggregate Unfunded Amount means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the unfunded commitments and all other standby or contingent commitments associated with each Variable Funding Asset included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 
 Agreement means this Loan and Servicing Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day in any LIBOR Accrual Period with respect , a rat e pe r annu m equal to any Loan, the higher greater of th e following 
 
 A a the Federal Funds Rate rat e o f interest in effect for such day tha t i s identifie d and normall y publishe d b y Th e Wa l l Stree t Journa l a s th e Prim e Rate (or , if such day is not a mor e tha n on e rat e i s publishe d a s th e Prim e Rate , the n th e highes t o f suc h rates) , with any change in Prime Rate to become effective as of the date the rate of interest which is so identified as the Prime Rate is different from that published on the preceding Business Day (and , the immediately prior Business Day) (as determined by the Agent) plus 1 2 of 1 and (B) the prime rate as quoted by Bloomberg L.P. in its PRIMBB Index (or any successor or replacement index) for such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately prior Business Day) i f Th e Wa l l Stree t Journa l n o longer reports the Prime Rate, or if such Prime Rate no longer exists, then the Agent may select a reasonably comparable index or source to use as the basis for the Alternate Base Rate unde r thi s claus e (a)) , and 
 
 -6- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

(b) the Federal Funds Rate plus one-half of one percent (0.50 per annum 
 
 provided that if Alternate Base Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shal l b e deeme d t o b e equa l t o zer o fo r th e purpose s o f thi s Agreement. 
 
 Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rat e o r th e Federa l Fund s Rate , respectively . 
 
 Amount Available means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the sum of (a) the amount of Collections in the Collection Account with respect to the related Collection Period (excluding any Collections necessary to settle the acquisition of Eligible Collateral Obligations) and any amounts paid into the Collection Account under any Hedging Agreement with respect to the Accrual Period ending on the day preceding such Distribution Date, plus (b) any investment income earned on amounts on deposit in the Collection Account since the immediately prior Distribution Date (or since the Effective Date in the case of the first Distribution Date), plus (c) any Repurchase Amounts deposited in the Collection Account with respect to the related Collection Period. 
 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means any laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable from time to time to the Borrower, the Retention Provider or any of its Affiliates, concerning bribery or corruption, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, (15 U.S.C. 78dd-1, et seq.) and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 . 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any laws, rules and regulations applicable from time to time to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates relating to money laundering or terrorist financing. 
 
 Applicable Conversion Rate means, with respect to Euros, GBPs, or CADs, the applicable currency-Dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen for such currency (i) if such date is a Determination Date, at the end of such day or (ii) otherwise, at the end of the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
 Applicable Interest Rate means (a) with respect to any Collateral Obligation denominated in CAD or any CAD Loan, the CDOR Rate, (b) with respect to any Collateral Obligation denominated in Euros or any Euro Loan, the EURIBOR Rate, (c) with respect to any Collateral Obligation denominated in GBP or any GBP Loan, SONIA and (d) with respect to any other Collateral Obligation or any Loan (other than a CAD Loan, a Euro Loan or a GBP Loan), the LIBOR Rate Benchmark . 
 
 Applicable Law means for any Person all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Official Body applicable to such Person (including, without limitation, predatory and abusive lending laws, usury laws, the Federal Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Billing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Board s Regulations B and Z , 
 -7- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 2003 and state adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and all other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws) and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 Applicable Margin means 
 
 (a) wit h respec t t o an y Dolla r Loan, the higher of (i) 2.00 2.15 and (ii) the Applicable Margin percentage determined in accordance with the following formula, as of the first day of the related Accrual Period, rounded to four decimal places 
 
 Applicable Margin (AS B x Percentage B + (AS O x Percentage O 
 
 where AS B 
 1.50 1.65 
 AS O 
 2.15 2.30 
 
 Percentage B 

COA B COA Agg 
 Percentage O 
 
 100 - Percentage B 
 COA B 
 
 the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of all 
 Broadly Syndicated Loans 
 
 COA Agg the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of all 
 Collateral Obligations 
 
 (b) with respect to any CAD or Euro Loan, the higher of (i) 2.00 and (ii) the output of th e formul a above , a s o f th e firs t da y o f th e relate d Accrua l Period , where 

AS B 1.50 
 AS O 2.15 
 
 provided that, with respect to any GBP Loan, at all times prior to the GBP Repricing Date for such Loan, the rates hereinabove set forth and, from and after the GBP Repricing Date for such Loan, the higher of (i) 2.1193 and (ii) the output of the formula above where 

ASB 1.61193 ASO 2.2693 and 
 provided , further , that, notwithstanding the above, the Applicable Margin shall increase by 2.00 upon the written election of the Required Lenders after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. 
 -8- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Applicable Time Zone means (i) with respect to Dollar Loans and CAD Loans, New York City time and (ii) with respect to Euro Loans and GBP Loans, London time. 
 
 Appropriate Accounting Principles means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 
 Approval Date means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the date on which the Agent executes an Approval Notice with respect to such Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Approval Notice means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, a copy of a notice executed by the Agent in the form of Exhibit E . 
 
 Approved Broker Dealer means (a) any of JPMorgan Securities, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Soci t G n rale Securities Services, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Nomura Securities International, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp, Barclays Capital Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (UA) LLC, UBS Financial Services Inc., Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, Jefferies LLC or RBC Capital Markets LLC, (b) any other financial institution designated as an Approved Broker Dealer by the Servicer and reasonably acceptable to the Agent or (c) any banking or securities Affiliate of any Person specified in clause (a) or (b). 
 
 Approved Valuation Providers means any of Houlihan Lokey, Duff & Phelps, Lincoln International LLC, Murray Devine, Valuation Research Corp., and any other nationally recognized accounting firm or valuation firm approved by the Agent and the Borrower in their reasonable discretion. 
 
 Asset Approval Request means a notice in the form of Exhibit C-3 which identifies one or more Non-Approval Collateral Obligations or Pre-Approved Collateral Obligations to be acquired by the Borrower and or requests an Approval Notice with respect to one or more Collateral Obligations that are not Non-Approval Collateral Obligations. 
 
 Assignment Agreement means an agreement in the form of Exhibit I to this Agreement (or in such other form as reasonably approved by Agent) appropriately completed and delivered in connection with a Person becoming a Lender hereunder after the Effective Date, as acknowledged and agreed by the Agent and or the Borrower to the extent required in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Available Funds has the meaning set forth in Section 17.12 . 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (o r componen t thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (o r componen t thereof) , as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an LIBOR Accrual Interest 
 -9- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Period o r pay men t perio d fo r an y ter m rat e o r otherwise , o r fo r determinin g an y frequenc y of makin g pay ment s o f interes t calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and (but not including , for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is no t then -removed from include d in the definition of LIBOR Accrual Interest Period pursuan t t o Sectio n 17.2(e)) . 
 
 Average Life means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products of (i) the number of years (rounded up to the nearest one hundredth thereof) from such date to the respective dates of each successive Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payment of principal on such Collateral Obligation (assuming, for purposes of this definition, the full exercise of any option to extend the maturity date or otherwise lengthen the maturity schedule that is exercisable without the consent of the Borrower) multiplied by (ii) the respective amounts of principal of such Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payments by (b) the sum of all successive Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payments of principal on such Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, reglulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolutions of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bank of England Rate means, for any GBP Loan, the sum of the Bank Rate of the Bank of England (or any successor), as published by the Bank of England (or any successor) from time to time, plus the Bank of England Rate Adjustment, provided that, if at any time on or after September 1, 2021 the Bank of England Rate would otherwise be less than 0.00 , the Bank of England Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 . 
 
 Bank of England Rate Adjustment means, for any GBP Business Day, the 20 trimmed arithmetic mean (calculated by the Agent) of the Bank of England Rate Spreads for the five immediately preceding GBP Business Days for which SONIA was available, excluding the days with the highest (and if there is more than one highest spread, only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest spreads (or if there is more than one lowest spread, only one of those lowest spreads) to the Bank of England Rate. 
 
 Bank of England Rate Spread means, for any GBP Business Day, the difference (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) calculated by the Agent between 
 
 (a) SONIA for such GBP Business Day, and 
 
 (b) the Bank of England Rate prevailing at the close of business on such GBP 
 Business Day. 
 -10- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 101, et seq. , as amended. 
 
 Base Rate for any Loan means a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Interest Rate for such Loan or portion thereof provided , that in the case of 
 
 (a) any day on or after the first day on which a Committed Lender shall have notified the Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other Official Body asserts that it is unlawful, for such Committed Lender to fund such Loan at the Base Rate set forth above (and such Committed Lender shall not have subsequently notified the Agent that such circumstances no longer exist), or 
 
 (b) any period in the event the Applicable Interest Rate is not reasonably available to any Lender for such period, 
 
 then, except as otherwise provided in Section 17.2 , the Base Rate shall be a floating rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate in effect on each day of such period. 
 
 Basel III Regulation shall mean, with respect to any Affected Person, any rule, regulation or guideline applicable to such Affected Person and arising directly or indirectly from 
 (a) any of the following documents prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision of the Bank of International Settlements (i) Basel III International Framework for Liquidity Risk Measurement, Standards and Monitoring (December 2010), (ii) Basel III A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems (June 2011), (iii) Basel III The Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Liquidity Risk Monitoring Tools (January 2013), or (iv) any document supplementing, clarifying or otherwise relating to any of the foregoing, or (b) any accord, treaty, statute, law, rule, regulation, guideline or pronouncement (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental authority implementing, furthering or complementing any of the principles set forth in the foregoing documents of strengthening capital and liquidity, in each case as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Basel III Regulation shall include Part 6 of the European Union regulation on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR and any law, regulation, standard, guideline, directive or other publication supplementing or otherwise modifying the CRR. 
 Benchmark means , initially, USD LIBOR 
 (a) for any Loan denominated in U.S. dollars, Term SOFR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable , and its the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR Ter m SOFR, or the then-current Benchmark, the n Benchmark mean s th e applicabl e Benchmar k Replacemen t to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior Benchmark rate pursuant to Sectio n 17.2 and 
 
 (b) for any Loan denominated in CADs, Euros and GBPs, initially, CDOR Rate, EURIBO R o r SONI A , a s applicable provide d tha t i f a replacemen t o f th e Benchmar k fo r Loans 
 -11- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 denominate d i n suc h Eligibl e Currenc y ha s occurred pursuan t t o Sectio n 17.2 then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 17.2 . 
 
 Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component use d i n th e calculatio n thereof . 
 Benchmark Replacement means , 
 (a) for purpose s o f Sectio n 17.2(b)(1 wit h respec t t o U.S . dollars, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 (2) the sum of a 1 Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and or 
 (3) (2 the sum of a i the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to i x any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or ii y any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time i n th e Unite d State s and b ii the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment . and 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion. If 
 
 (b) for purposes of Section 17.2(b)(2) with respect to any other Eligible Currency, the Benchmar k Replacemen t determine d i n accordanc e wit h th e precedin g claus e (a)(2) 
 provide d tha t if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) the above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents . 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable LIBOR Accrual Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent (a) , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment , (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such LIBOR Accrual Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such 
 -12- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 LIBOR Accrual Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities a t suc h time. 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of LIBOR Accrual U.S . Governmen t Securitie s Busines s Day , th e definitio n o f Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means , wit h respec t t o an y Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the firs t date of o n whic h suc h Benchmar k (o r th e publishe d componen t use d i n the calculatio n thereof ha s bee n determine d an d announce d b y th e regulatory superviso r fo r th e administrato r o f suc h Benchmar k (o r suc h componen t thereof) t o b e n o longe r representativ e (an d (x suc h non-representativenes s wil l be determine d b y referenc e to the public mos t recent statement or publication of information referenced therein or 
 -13- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 (3) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth i n suc h claus e (3) , and 6 th y Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders , so long as the Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders , written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders a Benchmark Replacemen t Dat e shal l exis t eve n i f an y Availabl e Teno r o f suc h Benchmar k (or suc h componen t thereof continue s t o b e provide d o n suc h date) . 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means , wit h respec t t o an y Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York NYFRB , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), i n eac h case , which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely , provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer , o r a s o f a specifie d futur e dat e wil l n o longe r be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means , wit h respec t t o an y Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses clause (1) 
 -14- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 or (2) of that the definition thereof has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 17.2 (b), and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with this Section 17.2 (b) . 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Borrower has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 Borrower Assigned Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(c) . Borrowing Base means the sum of (a) the Collateral Obligation Amounts for all 
 Eligible Collateral Obligations minus the Excess Concentration Amount attributable to such Eligible Collateral Obligations on such date minus (b) the Foreign Currency Reserve Amount minus (c) the Unsettled Amount (Buy-Side) plus (d) the Unsettled Amount (Sell-Side) plus (e) the equivalent in Dollars of the amount of Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account (as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate). 
 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency means an event that occurs and is continuing on any date of determination that the Outstanding Loan Amount exceeds the Borrowing Base. 
 
 Borrowing Base Condition means, both before and after giving pro forma effect to any such distribution, the Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to the Loans outstanding. 
 
 Broadly Syndicated Loan means a Senior Secured Loan that, as of the related Acquisition Date, (a) is a syndicated commercial loan, (b) has an initial Tranche Size of 
 150,000,000 or greater (without consideration of reductions thereon from scheduled amortization payments), (c) is rated (or will be rated) by S&P or Moody s (or the related obligor for such loan is rated by S&P or Moody s) and (d) has an observable quote from at least one nationally recognized pricing service, including, without limitation, LoanX Mark-It Partners or Loan Pricing Corporation. 
 -15- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 BSL Advance Rate Adjustment Factor means for any Broadly Syndicated Loan and as of any date of determination for such Broadly Syndicated Loan, the amount that equals (i) clause 
 (x) of the definition of the Market Value for such Broadly Syndicated Loan, determined as of such date, divided by (ii) the Purchase Price as of the Acquisition Date provided that such amount shall not be greater than 1.0 at any time. 
 
 Business Day means 
 
 (a) excep t t o th e exten t provide d i n claus e (b below, any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Applicable Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the State of New York or Paris, France and, if such day relates to any Collateral Obligation, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in an Eligible Currency are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market provided that, for any Obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with reference to, GBP, Business Day shall mean any GBP Business Day and 
 
 (b) in relation to Term SOFR Loans and any interest rate setting, funding, disbursement, settlement or payment of any Term SOFR Loan, any day that is a U.S. Governmen t Securitie s Busines s Day . 
 
 CAD means the lawful money of Canada. CAD Loan means each Loan made in CAD. 
 Capped Fees Expenses means, at any time, the Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses, the Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses such that the aggregate amount of such Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses, Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses paid to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral Custodian under the Transaction Documents in any calendar year do not exceed 250,000 th e highe r o f (i 300,00 0 an d (ii 0.02 multiplie d b y the Principa l Balance . 
 
 Cash Interest Expense means with respect to any Obligor for any period, the amount which, in conformity with Appropriate Accounting Principles, would be set forth opposite the caption interest expense (exclusive of any Retained Interest that, according to the term of the Underlying Instruments, can never be converted to cash interest that is due and payable prior to maturity) or any like caption reflected on the most recent financial statements delivered by such Obligor to the Borrower for such period. 
 
 Cause means, with respect to an Independent Manager, (i) acts or omissions by such Independent Manager that constitute willful disregard of such Independent Manager s duties as set forth in the Borrower s organizational documents, (ii) that such Independent Manager has engaged in or has been charged with, or has been convicted of, fraud or other acts constituting a crime under any law applicable to such Independent Manager, (iii) that such Independent Manager is unable to perform his or her duties as Independent Manager due to death, disability or incapacity, or (iv) that such Independent Manager no longer meets the definition of Independent Manager. 
 
 -16- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

CDOR Rate means, with respect to any LIBOR Accrual Interest Period, the average rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1 100 of 1 applicable to bankers acceptances for a term equivalent to the LIBOR Accrual Interest Period appearing on the BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL Service (or any successor thereto) CDOR Screen Rate as of 10 00 a.m. (Toronto time), on the first day of such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period, or if such date is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day provided , however , if such rate does not appear on the Bloomberg Professional Service (or any successor thereto) CDOR Screen Rate as contemplated, then the CDOR Rate on any date shall be calculated as the arithmetic mean of the rates of interest quoted as of 10 00 a.m. (Toronto time) on such day by the Agent on the basis of the discount amount at which the Agent is then offering to purchase CAD denominated bankers acceptances that have a comparable aggregate face amount to the Loans outstanding in CAD and the same term to maturity as such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period, or if such date is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
 Change of Control means any of (a) the Equityholder shall no longer be the sole equityholder of the Borrower (free and clear of any liens) and (b) Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, or an Affiliate of The Blackstone Group, Inc. ceases to be the investment adviser to, and otherwise control the investment management and investment policies of, the Equityholder. 
 
 CM E Ter m SOF R Administrator mean s CM E Group Benchmar k Administration Limited , a s administrato r o f th e forward-lookin g ter m Secure d Overnigh t Financin g Rat e (o r any successo r administrato r thereof). 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1 . 
 Collateral Administrator means Wilmington Trust, National Association, solely in its capacity as Collateral Administrator, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity 
 Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses has the meaning set forth in Section 11.11 . Collateral Agent means Wilmington Trust, National Association, solely in its capacity 
 as Collateral Agent, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity. 
 
 Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter means that certain letter agreement among the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and Collateral Custodian and the Borrower, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified by the parties thereto with the consent of the Agent. 
 Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses has the meaning set forth in Section 11.11 . Collateral Custodian means Wilmington Trust, National Association, solely in its 
 capacity as collateral custodian, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity. 
 -17- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 
 Covenant Lite Loan means a Collateral Obligation in which the Underlying Instruments for which do not (i) contain any financial covenant or (ii) require the borrower thereunder to comply with any Maintenance Covenant (regardless of whether compliance with one or more Incurrence Covenants is otherwise required by such Underlying Instruments) provided that a Collateral Obligation shall not constitute a Covenant Lite Loan if the Underlying Instruments contain a cross default provision to, or such Collateral Obligation is pari passu with, another loan of the borrower that requires such borrower to comply with one or more financial covenants or Maintenance Covenants. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 
 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 
 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 Covered Party has the meaning set forth in Section 17.22 . 
 
 Custodial Account means a segregated, non-interest bearing securities account (within the meaning of Section 8-501 of the UCC) with the account number as set forth in the Account Control Agreement, which is created and maintained on the books and records of the Securities Intermediary entitled Custodial Account in the name of the Borrower and subject to the prior Lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which is established and maintained pursuant to Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Cut-Off Date means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation, the date such Collateral Obligation becomes a part of the Collateral. 
 
 Daily Commitment Fee means, on any date, (A) the product of (i) the Commitment Fee Rate and (ii) the Undrawn Commitment divided by (B) 360. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day , SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans provided , that if the Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Agent, then the Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion a SOF R Rat e Day , a rat e per 
 -18- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOF R Administrator o n th e SOF R Administrator s Website . An y chang e i n Dail y Simpl e SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change i n SOF R withou t notic e t o th e Borrower . 
 
 Daily Simple SONIA means, for any day (a SONIA Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal SONIA for the day that is five GBP Business Days prior to, (a) if such SONIA Interest Day is a GBP Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day, and (b) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a GBP Business Day, the GBP Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day, provided that, if at any time on or after September 1, 2021 Daily Simple SONIA would otherwise be less than 0.00 , Daily Simple SONIA shall be deemed to be 0.00 . 
 
 Deemed Second Lien Loan means any commercial loan which would have constituted a FILO Loan but for the fact that it fails to meet the requirement of sub-clause (y) in the definition thereof. 
 
 Defaulted Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation as to which any one of the following events has occurred 
 
 (a) any Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payment or part thereof is unpaid more than 2 Business Days beyond the grace period (if any) permitted by the related Underlying Instrument 
 
 (b) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Obligor thereof 
 
 (c) the Servicer or the Borrower has actual knowledge of a default as to the payment of principal and or interest that has occurred and continues for more than two Business Days beyond the grace period (if any) under the related underlying instruments on another loan or other debt obligation of the same Obligor that is (a) senior or pari passu in right of payment to such Collateral Obligation, (b) either a full recourse obligation of the Obligor or secured by the same collateral securing such Collateral Obligation and (c) in an amount (whether separately or in the aggregate) in excess of 250,000 
 
 (d) such Collateral Obligation has (x) a public rating by Standard & Poor s of CC or below, or SD or (y) a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of D or LD or, in each case, had such ratings before they were withdrawn by Standard & Poor s or Moody s, as applicable 
 
 (e) the Servicer or the Borrower has actual knowledge that such Collateral Obligation is pari passu or junior in right of payment as to the payment of principal and or interest to another debt obligation of the same issuer which has (i) a public rating by Standard & Poor s of CC or below, or SD or (ii) a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of D or LD , and in each case such other debt obligation remains outstanding 
 -19- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 commitments by the Borrower to make advances on such Collateral Obligation to the Obligor under the Underlying Instruments expire or are terminated or are reduced to zero. 
 
 Determination Date means the last day of each calendar month, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 Disqualified Investor List means the list of disqualified investors set forth on Schedule 
 4 . 
 
 Distribution Date means the 20th day of each calendar month, or if such date is not a 
 Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing in April 2021 provided that, the last Distribution Date shall occur on the Facility Termination Date. 
 
 Diversity Score means, as of any day, a single number that indicates collateral concentration in terms of both issuer and industry concentration, calculated as set forth in Schedule 1 hereto. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Regulation means, with respect to any Affected Person, any rule, regulation or guideline applicable to such Affected Person and arising directly or indirectly from the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all laws, regulations requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith. 
 
 Dollar(s) and the sign mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is USD LIBOR, the occurrence of (1) a notification by the Agent to each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from USD LIBOR and the provision by the Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 
 EBITDA means, with respect to any Relevant Test Period and any Collateral Obligation, the meaning of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or any comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for each such Collateral Obligation (or, in the case of a Collateral Obligation for which the Underlying Instruments have not been executed, as set forth in the relevant marketing materials or financial model in respect of such Collateral Obligation, until the first Relevant Test Period after the Related Documents have been executed, or as otherwise determined in good faith by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard). In any case that the term Adjusted EBITDA , the term EBITDA or such comparable term is not defined in such Underlying Instruments or marketing materials or financial model, an amount, for the principal Obligor thereunder and any of its parents that are obligated as guarantor or co-borrower pursuant to the Related Documents and any of their respective Subsidiaries for such Collateral Obligation (determined in good faith by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with Appropriate Accounting Principles (and also on a pro forma basis as determined in good faith by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard in case of any acquisitions)) equal to earnings from 
 -21- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 (z) if such Collateral Obligation is a Deferrable Collateral Obligation, it has a minimum current required cash pay coupon equal to at least 50 of the stated coupon thereon 
 
 (aa) such Collateral Obligation is secured by a valid and enforceable security 
 interest 
 
 (bb) if an acquisition or substitution of a Collateral Obligation occurs on such 
 date of determination, as of such date, or, if not, as of the most recent date preceding such date of determination on which an acquisition or substitution of a Collateral Obligation occurred, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Collateral Obligations held by the Borrower (immediately following any acquisition or substitution of any Collateral Obligations on such date of determination) in respect of which the Retention Provider, either itself or through related entities (including the Borrower), directly or indirectly, was involved or will be involved in negotiating the original agreement which created the relevant Collateral Obligation is greater than 50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Collateral Obligations then held by the Borrower and 
 
 (cc) such Collateral Obligation is not a participation interest, other than a Participation Interest. 
 
 Eligible Currency means CADs, Dollars, Euros and GBPs. 
 Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes means, with respect to any proposed Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate, any conforming changes to the definition of LIBOR Accrual Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Agent, to reflect the adoption of such Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the determines in consultation with the Borrower). 
 Eligible Currency Loan means any Loans made in CADs, Dollars, Euros and GBPs. Eligible Jurisdiction means Australia, Canada, Cayman Islands, Germany, Ireland, 
 Luxembourg, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, The Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
 
 Eligible Obligor means, on any day, any Obligor that (i) is a business organization (and not a natural person) that is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of, the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (or any other Eligible Jurisdiction), (ii) is a legal operating entity or holding company, (iii) is not an Official Body, (iv) is not an Affiliate of, or controlled by, the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder and (v) as of the related Acquisition Date, has a most recently reported trailing twelve-month EBITDA of 20,000,000 or greater. 
 -25- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Equityholder Purchased Loan Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Principal Balance of all Equityholder Collateral Obligations acquired by the Borrower prior to such date minus (b) the aggregate Principal Balance of all Equityholder Collateral Obligations (other than Warranty Collateral Obligations) distributed to or repurchased by the Equityholder or an Affiliate thereof prior to such date. 
 
 Equity Security means any asset that is not a Second Lien Loan, a Deemed Second Lien Loan, a Unitranche Loan, a Broadly Syndicated Loan, a FILO Loan or a Permitted Investment. 
 
 ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.13(a) . Erroneous Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.13(b). 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 European Retention Requirements means Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation (together with any delegated regulations of the European Commission o r th e U K (a s applicable) , applicable guidelines published by any of the European Supervisory Authorities (jointly or individually) o r th e UK , regulatory technical standards, or implementing technical standards made thereunder, together with Chapters I, II and III and Article 22 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 625 2014 where such provisions are applicable pursuant to the transitional provisions in Article 43(7) of the Securitisation Regulation). 
 
 European Supervisory Authorities means, together, the EBA, the ESMA and the EIOPA. 
 
 EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any LIBOR Accrual Interest Period, the greater of (a) 0.0 and (b) the rate per annum shown by the Reuters Screen (or any applicable successor page) that displays an average European Money Markets Institute Settlement Rate for deposits in Euros for a period equal to such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period as of 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period provided , that in the event no such rate is shown, the EURIBOR Rate shall be the rate per annum based on the rates at which Euro deposits for a period equal to such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period are displayed on page EURIBOR of the Reuters Screen (or any applicable successor page) for the purpose of displaying Euro interbank offered rates of major banks as of 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period (it being understood that if at least two such rates appear on such page, the rate will be the arithmetic mean of such displayed rates) provided , further , that in the event fewer than two such rates are displayed, or if no such rate is relevant, the EURIBOR Rate shall be a rate per annum at which deposits in Euros are offered by the principal office of the Agent in Brussels, Belgium to prime banks in the euro interbank market at 11 00 a.m. (Brussels time) two Business Days before the 
 -27- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 first day of such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period for delivery on such first day and for a period equal to such LIBOR Accrual Interest Period. 
 
 Euro , Euros , euro and mean the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Euro Loan means each Loan made in Euros. 
 
 Evaluation Event means the occurrence of any of the following with respect to any Eligible Collateral Obligation 
 
 (a) a payment default with respect to principal or interest with respect to such Collateral Obligation (after giving effect to the lesser of (x) any applicable grace period and (y) five (5) Business Days past the applicable due date) 
 
 (b) occurrence of a Material Modification with respect to such Collateral Obligation that is not approved by the Agent, in its sole discretion 
 
 (c) a determination by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard that such Collateral Obligation is on a non-accrual status or is not collectible 
 
 (d) the Total Net Leverage Ratio related to such Collateral Obligation increases by 0.75x (or any subsequent increase of an additional 0.75x) compared to the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the later of the Approval Date or the last Evaluation Event date with respect to such Collateral Obligation, as applicable 
 
 (e) an Insolvency Event with respect to any related Obligor or 
 
 (f) EBITDA of the related Obligor for any Relevant Test Period has decreased by 15.0 or more below such EBITDA as of the later of the Approval Date or the last Evaluation Event date with respect to such Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Event of Default means any of the events described in Section 13.1 . 
 
 Excess Concentration Amount means, as of the most recent Measurement Date, the sum, without duplication, of the following amounts, in each case multiplied by th e produc t o f (i) the Purchase Price an d (ii th e Advanc e Rat e currentl y assigne d a s o f suc h Measuremen t Date , in each case, as applicable to each such individual Collateral Obligation (unless otherwise waived by the Agent in its sole discretion on the applicable Approval Notice) 
 
 (a) the excess, if any and without duplication, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Middle Market Loans that are Second Lien Loans and Deemed Second Lien Loans (other than Broadly Syndicated Loans) over 15.0 of the aggregate Principal Balance of all Middle Market Loans 
 
 (b) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are obligations of any single Obligor (other than an Obligor described in the 
 -28- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 (m) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are Variable Funding Assets over 10 of the Excess Concentration Measure and 
 
 (n) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are Participation Interests over 10 of the Excess Concentration Measure. 
 
 Excess Concentration Measure means (a) prior to the end of the Ramp-Up Period, the Target Portfolio Amount, and (b) thereafter, the sum of (x) the Aggregate aggregat e Principal Balanc e o f all Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount Obligations and (y) all Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account. 
 
 Excess Funds as of any date of determination and with respect to any Conduit Lender, funds of such Conduit Lender not required, after giving effect to all amounts on deposit in its commercial paper account, to pay or provide for the payment of (i) all of its matured and maturing commercial paper notes on such date of such determination, (ii) the principal of and interest on all of its loans outstanding on such date of such determination and (iii) and other amounts in accordance with its commercial paper notes and applicable transaction documents. 
 
 Excluded Amounts means (i) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Obligation, which amount is attributable to the reimbursement of payment by the Borrower of any Tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Official Body on such Collateral Obligation or on any Related Security, (ii) any interest or fees (including origination, agency, structuring, management or other up-front fees) that are for the account of the applicable Person from whom the Borrower purchased such Collateral Obligation, (iii) any reimbursement of insurance premiums, (iv) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Collateral Obligations which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under Underlying Instruments, 
 (v) any amount deposited into the Collection Account in error or (vi) payments by the Obligors of indemnification obligations and reimbursements for actually incurred out-of-pocket expenses, in each case that are not received in lieu of principal, interest or fees owed under the related Underlying Instruments. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in the Obligations pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Obligations (other than pursuant to Section 17.16 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 4.3 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, 
 -30- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 (o) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 4.3(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 
 Executive Officer means, with respect to the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Executive Vice President of such Person or any other Person included on the incumbency of the Borrower, Servicer or Equityholder, as applicable, delivered hereunder and, with respect to any other Person, the President, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President or any Vice President. 
 
 Exposure Amount means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any Variable Funding Asset, the excess of (a) the Borrower s maximum funding commitment thereunder over (b) the Principal Balance of such Variable Funding Asset. For the avoidance of doubt, the Exposure Amount in respect of a Defaulted Collateral Obligation shall be included in the calculation of the Exposure Amount if the Borrower is at such time subject to contractual funding obligations with respect to such Defaulted Collateral Obligation and such obligation has not ceased to be enforceable under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Exercise Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3 . Extension Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6 . 
 Facility means the loan facility to be provided to the Borrower pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement. 
 
 Facility Amount means 2,000,000,000 2,300,000,000 (or such greater amount as may be agreed by the Agent and the applicable Lenders). 
 
 Facility Termination Date means the earlier of (i) March 3, 2026 or such later date as extended pursuant to Section 2.6 and (ii) the effective date on which the facility hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section 13.2 . 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with such sections of the Code and any legislation, law, regulation or practice enacted or promulgated pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, the greater of (a) 0.0 and (b) a fluctuating rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 -31- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System o f th e Unite d State s o f America. 
 
 Fee Letter has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4 . Fees has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4 . 
 FILO Loan means a commercial loan that (x) meets all the characteristics of a Senior Secured Loan but for the fact that, with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Senior Secured Loan, such loan may also be (or may also by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to one or more Senior Secured Loans of the Obligor where such subordination becomes effective solely upon the occurrence of a default or event of default by the Obligor and (y) as of the related Acquisition Date, the total Tranche Size of First Out Loans repayable ahead of the FILO Loan shall be less than 25 of the sum of the total Tranche Sizes of such First Out Loans and such FILO Loan. 
 
 Financial Sponsor means any Person, including any Subsidiary of such Person, whose principal business activity is acquiring, holding, and selling investments (including controlling interests) in otherwise unrelated companies that each are distinct legal entities with separate management, books and records and bank accounts, whose operations are not integrated with one another and whose financial condition and creditworthiness are independent of the other companies so owned by such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, The Blackstone Group L.P. and its Affiliates, investment funds and investment vehicles controlled, managed or advised, directly or indirectly, by The Blackstone Group L.P. or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed to be a Financial Sponsor. 
 
 First Out Loan means any Senior Secured Loan that, in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium, post-event of default scenario or liquidation proceedings, is senior in right of payment to (and documented under the same Underlying Instruments as) a FILO Loan to the same Obligor. 
 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and their subsidiaries, including Derivative Fitch Inc. and Derivative Fitch Ltd. and any successor thereto. 
 
 Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation that bears a fixed rate of interest. 
 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to USD LIBOR Ter m SOFR . Fo r th e avoidanc e o f doub t th e initial Floo r fo r Ter m SOF R shal l b e zero . 
 
 Foreign Currency Loan Amount means, on any Measurement Date, the sum of (a) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans denominated in Euros outstanding on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate plus (b) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans denominated in GBPs outstanding on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion 
 -32- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Rate plus (c) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans denominated in CADs outstanding on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate, in each case after giving effect to all repayments of Loans and the making of new Loans on such date. 
 
 Foreign Currency Reserve Amount means, (i) the sum of (a) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of all Eligible Collateral Obligations denominated in Euros included in the Collateral on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate plus (b) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of all Eligible Collateral Obligations denominated in GBPs included in the Collateral on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate, plus (c) the equivalent in Dollars of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of all Eligible Collateral Obligations denominated in CADs included in the Collateral on such date, as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Conversion Rate, multiplied by (ii) 1.00 minus the weighted average Advance Rate of such Eligible Collateral Obligations, multiplied by (iii) the Foreign Currency Reserve Percentage. 
 
 Foreign Currency Reserve Percentage means 5 . 
 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the product of (i) 15 multiplied by (ii) the then-current Facility Amount on such date. 
 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 Fourt h Amendment mean s suc h amendmen t t o thi s Agreemen t date d Marc h 17 , 2022. Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender with respect to the 
 Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders, repaid by the Borrower or for which cash collateral or other credit support acceptable to the Swingline Lender shall have been provided in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
 FRS Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and, as applicable, the staff thereof. 
 
 Fundamental Amendment means any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement that would have an effect on any Lender and (a) increase or extend the term of the Commitments (other than an increase in the Commitment of another Lender or the addition of a new Lender) or change the Facility Termination Date, (b) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee hereunder, in each case owing to such Lender, (c) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal or interest owing to such Lender, (d) reduce the rate at which interest is payable to such Lender or any fee is payable hereunder to such Lender, excluding in each case, any such reduction as a result of a full or partial waiver of interest or fees accruing at a default rate imposed during an Event of Default or a result of a waiver of an Event of Default), (e) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection with dispositions permitted hereunder, (f) alter the terms of Section 2.4(a) , 
 -33- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Interest Period means, with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date of such Loan and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is three months thereafter (subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevan t Loa n o r Commitment) provide d that 
 
 (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end o n th e nex t precedin g Busines s Day, 
 
 (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interes t Period , and 
 
 (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 17.2(e) shal l b e availabl e fo r specificatio n i n a L oa n Request. 
 
 For purposes hereof, the date of a Loan initially shall be the date on which such Loan is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of suc h Loan. 
 
 Interest Rate means, for any Accrual Period and any Lender, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the Applicable Margin and (b) the Base Rate for such Accrual Period and such Lender. 
 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 
 Lender means each Conduit Lender, each Committed Lender, each Uncommitted Lender, each Revolving Lender, each Multicurrency Lender, each Dollar Lender, the Swingline Lender and each Term Lender, as the context may require. 
 
 Lender Agent has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 
 Lender Group means each Lender and related Lender Agent from time to time party 
 hereto. 
 
 LIBOR Accrual Period means, with respect to any LIBOR Distribution Date, the period 
 from and including the previous LIBOR Distribution Date (or, in the case of the first LIBOR Distribution Date, from and including the Effective Date) through and including the day preceding such LIBOR Distribution Date. 
 
 -39- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

LIBOR Distribution Date means the 20th day of February, May, August and November, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing in May 2021 provided that, the last Distribution Date shall occur on the Facility Termination Date. 
 
 LIBOR Rate shall mean, with respect to any LIBOR Accrual Period, the greater of (a) 0.0 and (b) the rate per annum shown by the BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL Service as the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited London interbank offered rate for deposits for the applicable Eligible Currency for a period equal to such LIBOR Accrual Period as of 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such LIBOR Accrual Period or Funding Date (as applicable) provided , that in the event no such rate is shown, the LIBOR Rate shall be the rate per annum based on the rates at which deposits for the applicable Eligible Currency for a period equal to such LIBOR Accrual Period are displayed on page LIBOR of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or such other page as may replace the LIBOR page on that service for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates of major banks as of 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such LIBOR Accrual Period or Funding Date (as applicable) (it being understood that if at least two such rates appear on such page, the rate will be the arithmetic mean of such displayed rates) provided , further , that in the event fewer than two such rates are displayed, or if no such rate is relevant, the LIBOR Rate shall be a rate per annum at which deposits for the applicable Eligible Currency are offered by the principal office of the Agent in London, England to prime banks in the London interbank market at 11 00 
 a.m. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such LIBOR Accrual Period or Funding Date (as applicable) for delivery on such first day and for a period equal to such LIBOR Accrual Period or Funding Date (as applicable) (or with respect to any Loan disbursed during such LIBOR Accrual Period or Funding Date (as applicable), two Business Days prior to the day such Loan was disbursed). 
 
 Lien means any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference or encumbrance of any kind, including tax liens, mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law provided that Lien does not include (i) customary restrictions on assignments or transfers thereof on customary and market based terms pursuant to the Underlying Instruments relating to any Collateral Obligation or (ii) in the case of any Equity Securities, customary drag-along, tag-along, right of first refusal and other similar rights in favor of other equity holders of the same issuer. 
 
 Liquidity Agreement means any agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement pursuant to which a Liquidity Bank agrees to make purchases from or advances to, or purchase assets from, any Conduit Lender in order to provide liquidity support for such Conduit Lender s Loans hereunder. 
 
 Liquidity Bank means the Person or Persons who provide liquidity support to any Conduit Lender pursuant to a Liquidity Agreement in connection with the issuance by such Conduit Lender of commercial paper notes. 
 
 Loan means a Revolving Loan, a Swingline Loan or a Term Loan. 
 -40- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Material Modification means (a) any amendment, waiver, consent, modification of or supplement to any Eligible Collateral Obligation entered into after the related Acquisition Date which 
 
 (i) reduces or forgives any or all of the principal amount or non-default interest due under such Collateral Obligation 
 
 (ii) delays or extends the stated maturity date for such Collateral Obligation 
 
 (iii) contractually or structurally subordinates such Collateral Obligation 
 
 (iv) waives one or more interest payments, permits any interest due in cash to be deferred or capitalized and added to the principal amount of such Collateral Obligation, or reduces the spread or coupon with respect to such Collateral Obligation (other than pursuant to the application of any pricing grid or replacement of LIBOR or other applicable floating rate index) 
 
 (v) results in any less financial information in respect of reporting frequency, scope or otherwise being provided with respect to the related Obligor or reduces the frequency or total number of any appraisals required thereunder that, in the case of a reduction in scope, has an adverse effect on the ability of the Servicer or the Agent (as determined by the Agent in its reasonable discretion) to make any determinations or calculations required or permitted hereunder 
 
 (vi) modifies any term or provision of the Underlying Instruments that impacts the calculation of any financial covenant, or the determination of any default or event of default with respect to the related Collateral Obligation or 
 
 (vii) substitutes, alters, releases or terminates the underlying collateral securing such Collateral Obligation and any such substitution, alteration or release, as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Agent, materially and adversely affects the value of such Eligible Collateral Obligation provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any release in conjunction with a relatively contemporaneous disposition by the related Obligor accompanied by a mandatory reinvestment of net proceeds or mandatory repayment of the related loan facility with the net proceeds or 
 
 provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Material Modification shall not include any change to the base rate in respect of a Collateral Obligation from LIBOR to an alternative rate, including any applicable spread or payment frequency adjustments thereto that in the Servicer s commercially reasonable judgment is consistent with the successor for LIBOR. 
 
 Maximum Weighted Average Life Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination after the Ramp-Up Period if the Weighted Average Life of all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral is less than or equal to seven years. 
 
 -42- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Measurement Date means each of the following, as applicable (i) the Effective Date 
 (ii) each Determination Date, (iii) each Funding Date (iv) the date of any repayment or prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4 (v) the date that the Servicer has actual knowledge of the occurrence of any Evaluation Event with respect to any Collateral Obligation (vi) the date of any optional repurchase or substitution pursuant to Section 7.11 and (vii) the date of any Optional Sale. 
 
 -43- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Loan. 

Middle Market Loan means any Collateral Obligation other than a Broadly Syndicated 
 
 Minimum Commitment Usage means, (a) until April 29, 2022, the product of (i) the 

total Commitments and (ii) 37.5 , and (b) thereafter, the product of (i) the total Commitments and (ii) 75 . 
 
 Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test means a test that will be satisfied on any day after the Ramp-up Period, if the Weighted Average Spread of all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral on such day is equal to or greater than 4.0 . 
 
 MML Advance Rate Adjustment Factor means for any Middle Market Loan, the amount equal to (i) the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Relevant Test Period most recently ended prior to the Acquisition Date divided by (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Relevant Test Period most recently ended prior to the relevant date of determination provided that such amount shall not be greater than 1.0 at any time 
 
 Monthly Report means a report prepared by the Collateral Administrator, on behalf of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. Multicurrency Lender means the Persons executing this Agreement (or an assignment 
 hereof in accordance with Article XV in the capacity of a Multicurrency Lender . 
 
 Non-Approval Collateral Obligation means a Type 1 Broadly Syndicated Loan with greater than or equal to two bids on the related Acquisition Date. 
 
 Note means a promissory grid note, in the form of Exhibit A-1 , made payable to the order of a Lender Agent, on behalf of the related Lenders. 
 
 Note Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1 . NYFRB mean s th e Federa l Reserv e Ban k o f Ne w York. 
 Obligations means all obligations (monetary or otherwise) of the Borrower to the Lenders, the Lender Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Custodian, the Agent or any other Affected Person or Indemnitee arising under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes and each other Transaction Document. 
 -44- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Pre-Approved Collateral Obligation means any asset set forth on Schedule 5 which schedule specifies, as to each listed asset, (a) all of the information set forth in an Asset Approval Request, (b) the time period during which the Borrower may purchase such asset (which, unless otherwise specified shall be thirty (30) days after the Effective Date) and (c) that there has been no material adverse change (including the occurrence of an Evaluation Event or Material Modification) to such asset from the date it was delivered to the Facility Agent for inclusion on the Pre-Approved List and the date on which such asset was purchased by the Borrower. 
 
 Prepayment Fee means (x) prior to the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date, a nonrefundable fee equal to the product of (a) the amount of each permanent reduction in the aggregate amount of the applicable Lender Group s Term Commitment or Revolving Commitment, and (b) 1.00 and (y) thereafter, zero provided that such Prepayment Fees shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.5 . 
 
 Prepayment Fee Termination Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the following (a) any Lender has, prior to the date of such permanent reduction in whole or in part, declined an Extension Request, (b) on any Business Day, Soci t G n rale ceases to act as Agent, (c) the Agent or any Lender makes a claim for increased costs or indemnity pursuant to Section 4.03 or Section 5.01 , (d) the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated following the occurrence of an Event of Default or (e) the ratio of (i) the number of Collateral Obligations approved by the Agent to (ii) the number of Presented Collateral Obligations is less than 50 (the Loan Rejection Percentage provided , further , that any Presented Collateral Obligation approved with an Advance Rate below 25 shall not be deemed approved for purposes of this clause (e) . For purposes of this definition, Presented Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation that otherwise meets the eligibility requirements under the definition of Eligible Collateral Obligation (without giving effect to any item waived by the Agent in accordance with such definition). 
 
 Primary Servicer Fee means with respect to any Distribution Date, the fee payable to the Servicer or successor Servicer (as applicable) for services rendered during the related Collection Period, which shall be equal to one-twelfth of the product of (i) the Primary Servicer Fee Percentage multiplied by (ii) the average of the values of the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of the Eligible Collateral Obligations on the first day and the last day of the related Collection Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Servicer may waive or defer the payment of any Primary Servicer Fee in its sole discretion. 
 
 Primary Servicer Fee Percentage means 0.45 . 
 Prim e Rate ha s th e meanin g specifie d i n th e definitio n o f Alternat e Bas e Rate. Principal Allocation Formula means, with respect to a prepayment of the Loans as 
 specifically set forth herein, to each of the Revolving Loans and Term Loans in accordance with their respective Principal Sharing Percentages (determined immediately prior to the application provided for in this definition) provided , in each case, that if the Principal Allocation Formula would result in the allocation of a payment of principal to the Revolving Loans in excess of the 
 -47- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Pro Rata Share means, with respect to a Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing the Commitment of such Lender (as determined pursuant to the definition of Commitment) by the aggregate Commitments of all the Lenders (as determined pursuant to the definition of Commitment). 
 
 Proceeding means any voluntary or involuntary insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, custodianship, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, assignment for the benefit of creditors, appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers or any other proceeding for the liquidation, dissolution or other winding up of a Person. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Purchase Price means, as of any date of determination, (a) with respect to any Collateral Obligation acquired by the Borrower in connection with its primary origination for a purchase price (as a percentage of par) equal to or greater than 97 , 100 , and (b) with respect to any other Collateral Obligation, the actual price paid by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation expressed as a percentage of par. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning set forth in Section 17.22 . 
 
 Ramp-Up Period means the nine (9) month anniversary of the Third Amendment Closing Date. 
 
 Rating Agencies means Standard & Poor s, Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC, Moody s, Fitch and any other rating agency that has been requested to issue a rating with respect to the commercial paper notes issued by any Conduit Lender. 
 
 Recipient means (a) the Agent, (b) any Lender Agent, (c) any Lender and (d) any other recipient of a payment hereunder. 
 
 Records means the Collateral Obligation File for any Collateral Obligation and all other documents, books, records and other information prepared and maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower with respect to any Collateral Obligation and the Obligors thereunder, including all documents, books, records and other information prepared and maintained by the Borrower or the Servicer with respect to such Collateral Obligation or Obligors. 
 Reference Time means, with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means , 1 i if such Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of base d o n Ter m SOFR , the n tw o Busines s Days prior to such setting, and or 2 ii if such i n th e cas e o f an y other Benchmark is not USD LIBOR , the time determined by the Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Reinvestment has the meaning given in Section 8.3(b) . 
 
 -49- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

Reinvestment Date has the meaning given in Section 8.3(b) . Reinvestment Request has the meaning given in Section 8.3(b) . 
 Related Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation where the Equityholder or any Subsidiary of the Equityholder owns a Variable Funding Asset pursuant to the same Underlying Instruments provided that any such asset will cease to be a Related Collateral Obligation once all commitments by the Equityholder or any such Subsidiary to make advances or fund such Variable Funding Asset to the related Obligor expire or are irrevocably terminated or reduced to zero. 
 
 Related Property means, with respect to a Collateral Obligation, any property or other assets designated and pledged or mortgaged as collateral to secure repayment of such Collateral Obligation, including, without limitation, any pledge of the stock, membership or other ownership interests in the related Obligor or its subsidiaries, all Warrant Assets with respect to such Collateral Obligation and all proceeds from any sale or other disposition of such property or other assets. 
 
 Related Security means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation 
 
 (a) any Related Property securing a Collateral Obligation, all payments paid in respect thereof and all monies due, to become due and paid in respect thereof accruing after the applicable Loan Date and all liquidation proceeds thereof 
 
 (b) all guaranties, indemnities and warranties, insurance policies, financing statements and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of any such indebtedness 
 
 (c) all Collections with respect to such Collateral Obligation and any of the foregoing 
 
 (d) any guarantees or similar credit enhancement for an Obligor s obligations under any Collateral Obligation, all UCC financing statements or other filings relating thereto, including all rights and remedies, if any, against any Related Security, including all amounts due and to become due to the Borrower thereunder and all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the Borrower thereunder (whether arising pursuant to the terms of such agreement or otherwise available to the Borrower at law or in equity) 
 
 (e) all Records with respect to such Collateral Obligation and any of the foregoing 
 -50- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 and 

(f) all recoveries and proceeds of the foregoing. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means , the Federal Reserve Board or , the Federal 

Reserve Bank of New York, NYFRB or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or NYFR B or , i n eac h case, any successor thereto. 
 -51- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Obligation Amount of the Eligible Collateral Obligations on the first day and the last day of the related Collection Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Servicer may waive or defer the payment of any Secondary Servicer Fee in its sole discretion. 
 
 Secondary Servicer Fee Percentage means 0.30 . 
 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Custodian, each Lender, the Agent, each Lender Agent, each other Affected Person, Indemnitee and Hedge Counterparty and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 
 
 Securities Intermediary means the Collateral Custodian, or any subsequent institution acceptable to the Agent at which the Accounts are kept. 
 
 Securitisation Regulation means eac h o f (1) Regulation (EU) 2017 2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, including any implementing regulation, technical standards an d (2 Regulation (EU) 2017 2402 which forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by the Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 of the United Kingdom, in each case, as amended, including any implementing regulation, technica l standard s an d officia l guideline s relate d thereto . 
 
 Selling Institution means an entity (including, but not limited to, the Seller) obligated to make payments to the Borrower under the terms of a Participation Interest with a long-term debt rating of at least A . 
 
 Senior Net Leverage Ratio means respect to any Collateral Obligation for any Relevant Test Period, either (a) the meaning of Senior Net Leverage Ratio or comparable definition set forth in the Underlying Instruments for such Collateral Obligation, or (b) in the case of any Collateral Obligation with respect to which the related Underlying Instruments do not include a definition of Senior Net Leverage Ratio or comparable definition, the ratio of (i) the senior indebtedness for borrowed money, capitalized lease obligations, purchase money obligations and debt obligations evidenced by promissory notes, or other similar instruments secured by a Lien on the collateral on a pari passu basis (including, without limitation, such Collateral Obligation) of the applicable Obligor as of the date of determination minus the unrestricted cash of such Obligor as of such date to (ii) EBITDA of such Obligor with respect to the applicable Relevant Test Period, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor in accordance with the requirements of the Underlying Instruments. 
 
 Senior Secured Loan means any commercial loan that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) contractually subordinate in right of payment to any obligation of the obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien, customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan agreement or indenture or with respect to trade claims, capitalized leases or similar obligations), (ii) is secured by a pledge of specified 
 -55- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 collateral custodian, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and the other Transaction Documents (as defined therein). 
 
 Siris Peak Merger means the transactions consummated on November 1, 2021, by which the Borrower acquires all of the assets and liabilities of Siris Peak by way of merger, repays in full and terminates the Siris Peak Credit Facility and merges with Siris Peak, with the Borrower being the surviving entity of such merger. 
 
 SOFR means , with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published a s administered by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8 00 a .m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day . 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York SOF R Administrator s , currently at http www.newyorkfed.org http www.newyorkfed.org , or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. Solvent means as to any Person at any time, having a state of affairs such that all of the 
 following conditions are met (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the amount of such Person s liabilities (including disputed, contingent and unliquidated liabilities) as such value is established and liabilities evaluated for purposes of Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of such Person in an orderly liquidation of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts and other liabilities as they become absolute and matured (c) such Person is able to realize upon its property and pay its debts and other liabilities (including disputed, contingent and unliquidated liabilities) as they mature in the normal course of business 
 (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature and (e) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and does not propose to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Person s property assets would constitute unreasonably small capital. 
 
 SONIA means, for any GBP Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the GBP Overnight Index Average for such GBP Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding GBP Business Day. 
 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 -58- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term SOFR Loan and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) two U.S. Government Securities Business Days period to the commencement of such Interest Period (such day, a Term SOFR Determination Day ), as such rat e i s publishe d b y th e CM E Ter m SOF R Administrator . I f b y 5 0 0 p .m . (Ne w Yor k Cit y time) o n suc h Ter m SOF R Determinatio n Day, Ter m SOFR fo r th e applicabl e teno r ha s no t been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three Busines s Days prio r t o suc h Ter m SOF R Determinatio n Day. 
 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR. Ter m SOF R Referenc e Rate means, for any applicable Corresponding Tenor da y and 
 any time, with respect to any Term SOFR Loan and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interes t Period , th e rat e pe r annu m determine d b y th e Agent as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body . 
 
 Third Amendment Closing Date means October 29, 2021. 
 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio means respect to any Collateral Obligation for any Relevant Test Period either (a) the meaning of Total Net Leverage Ratio or any comparable definition set forth in the Underlying Instruments for such Collateral Obligation, or (b) in the case of any Collateral Obligation with respect to which the related Underlying Instruments do not include a definition of Total Net Leverage Ratio or comparable definition, the ratio of (i) indebtedness for borrowed money, capitalized lease obligations, purchase money obligations and debt obligations evidenced by promissory notes, or other similar instruments secured by a Lien on the collateral on a pari passu basis (including, without limitation, such Collateral Obligation) of the applicable Obligor as of the date of determination minus the unrestricted cash of such Obligor as of such date to (ii) EBITDA of such Obligor with respect to the applicable Relevant Test Period, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor in accordance with the requirements of the Underlying Instruments. 
 
 Tranche Size means, in respect of any Collateral Obligation, the aggregate principal amount of all of the borrowing facilities available to the Obligor under the terms of the relevant Underlying Instrument as of the original effective date of the Underlying Instrument. For purposes of determining the Tranche Size in respect of any Collateral Obligation (1) for Collateral Obligations that are, in accordance with then-prevailing market practice, typically 
 -61- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Collateral Obligation or of which the holders of such Collateral Obligation are the beneficiaries. 
 
 Undrawn Commitment means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount (which may not be less than zero) equal to (i) such Lender s Revolving Commitment at such time minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans held by such Revolving Lender at such time. 
 
 Unfunded Exposure Account means the account designated as the Unfunded Exposure Account in, and which is established and maintained pursuant to, Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Unfunded Exposure Shortfall has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Unitranche Loan means a Senior Secured Loan that, as of the related Acquisition Date, 
 (i) is not a Broadly Syndicated Loan, (ii) does not have subordinated debt below the first lien position of at least 20 of the total outstanding debt of the obligor, (iii) has a Total Net Leverage Ratio greater than 5.5x or Effective LTV greater than 60 as of the Relevant Test Period most recently ended prior to the related Acquisition Date and (iv) has EBITDA of 20,000,000 or greater as of the Relevant Test Period most recently ended prior to the related Acquisition Date. 
 
 Unmatured Event of Default means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time or notice or lapse of time and notice, constitute an Event of Default. 
 
 Unmatured Servicer Event of Default means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time or notice or lapse of time and notice, constitute a Servicer Event of Default. 
 
 Unsettled Amount (Buy-Side) means, as of any date, all amounts due in respect of any Collateral Obligations that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to acquire but has not yet settled. 
 
 Unsettled Amount (Sell-Side) means, as of any date, all amounts due in respect of any Collateral Obligations that the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to sell but has not yet settled. 
 
 USA Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107 56. 
 
 USD LIBOR means the London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollars as determined in accordance with the definition of LIBOR Rate . 
 
 U.S. Borrower means the Borrower that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunda y o r (iii a da y o n whic h th e Securitie s In dustr y an d Financia l Market s Association 
 
 -63- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purpose s o f tradin g i n Unite d State s governmen t securities. 
 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning set forth in Section 17.22 . 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 4.3(f) . 
 
 Valuation Dispute Adjustment Factor means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation 
 subject to the Valuation Dispute Resolution Process, the amount that equals (i) the valuation of such Collateral Obligation set forth in the relevant valuation report for such Collateral Obligation delivered by the applicable Approved Valuation Provider, determined as of such date, divided by 
 (ii) the Purchase Price as of the Acquisition Date provided that such amount shall not be greater than 1.0 at any time. 
 
 Valuation Dispute Resolution Process means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation that is a Middle Market Loan, the following process for determining a revised Advance Rate for such Collateral Obligation after the occurrence of an Evaluation Event with respect to such Collateral Obligation initially, the Agent shall multiply (1) the Advance Rate in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of such Evaluation Event by (2) the Valuation Dispute Adjustment Factor, and the product thereof shall thereafter be the Advance Rate for such Collateral Obligation provided that, in the event the Agent does not agree with the value of such Collateral Obligation provided by such Approved Valuation Firm, then the Agent may order within five (5) Business Days and obtain and deliver to Borrower, within twenty one (21) calendar days of the related Evaluation Event, a valuation of the related Middle Market Loan from a different Approved Valuation Provider, and shall multiply (1) the Advance Rate in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of such Evaluation Event by (2) the Valuation Dispute Adjustment Factor, and the product thereof shall thereafter be the Advance Rate for such Collateral Obligation provided , further , that in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to use the Valuation Dispute Resolution Process for more than three (3) Collateral Obligations that are Middle Market Loans per fiscal quarter. 
 
 Variable Funding Asset means any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Warrant Asset means any equity purchase warrants or similar rights convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity interests received by the Borrower as an equity kicker from the Obligor in connection with a Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Warranty Collateral Obligation has the meaning set forth in Section 7.11 . 
 
 Weighted Average Life means, as of any date of determination and with respect to all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral, the number of years following such date obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Average Life at such time of each such Eligible Collateral Obligation by (ii) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation and (b) dividing such sum by the aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral. 
 -64- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 hereby agrees to make Swingline Loans to or on behalf of the Borrower (individually, a Swingline Loan and collectively the Swingline Loans from time to time on any date (each such date on which a Loan is made, an Loan Date during the period from the Effective Date to the end of the Revolving Period. The Eligible Currency Loans shall be made solely by the Multicurrency Lenders and the Dollar Loans shall be made solely by the Dollar Lenders, in each case in accordance with Section 2.2(d) . Swingline Loans will only be funded in Dollars. 
 
 (b) Each Term Lender hereby agrees to make advances to or on behalf of the Borrower (individually, a Term Loan and collectively the Term Loans on the related Funding Date, pursuant to an Assignment Agreement or on any Conversion Date, in each case, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to but not exceeding (i) such Term Lender s Term Commitment and (ii) as to all Term Lenders, the total Term Commitment at such time. The Eligible Currency Loans shall be made solely by the Multicurrency Lenders and the Dollar Loans shall be made solely by the Dollar Lenders, in each case in accordance with Section 2.2(d) . 
 
 (c) Under no circumstances shall any Lender make a Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan if, after giving effect to such Loan and any purchase of Eligible Collateral Obligations in connection therewith, (i) an Unmatured Event of Default or an Event of Default would exist, (ii) if immediately after giving effect thereto, a Borrowing Base Deficiency would exist, (iii) the Loans outstanding (using the Applicable Conversion Rate) would exceed the Facility Amount, or (iv) in the case of a Loan denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars, the Foreign Currency Loan Amount would exceed the Foreign Currency Sublimit on such day. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, during the Revolving Period, the Borrower may borrow, reborrow, repay and prepay (subject to the provisions of Section 2.4 one or more Revolving Loans. 
 
 Section 2.2 Funding of Loans . 
 
 (a) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 , the Borrower may request Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans hereunder by giving notice to the Agent, each Lender Agent, the Swingline Lender (in the case of any Swingline Loan), the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent of the proposed Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan (1) at or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, not less than three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed Loan Date in the case of any Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars, (2) at or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, not less than one (1) Business Day prior to the proposed Loan Date in the case of any Swingline Loan and (3) at or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, not less than three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed Loan Date in the case of any Revolving Loan denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars. Such notice (herein called the Loan Request shall be in the form of Exhibit C-1 and shall include (among other things) the proposed Loan Date and amount of such proposed Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan, as applicable, and shall, if applicable, be accompanied by an Asset Approval Request setting forth the information required therein with respect to the Collateral Obligations to be acquired by the Borrower on the Loan Date (if applicable). Following receipt of a Loan Request, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the other parties hereto the allocation of such Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan among the Lenders in accordance with the Lenders respective Commitments, and confirm for the avoidance of doubt the funding amount, the 
 -67- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 (ii) each GBP Loan made on or after the date of the Repricing Amendment, 
 
 shall bear the interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of Daily Simple SONIA plus the Applicable Margin for GBP Loans. 
 
 (b) SONIA Unavailability Period . During any SONIA Unavailability Period, 
 
 (i) the Borrower may revoke any request for a GBP Loan, and 
 
 (ii) such Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Bank of England Rate plus the Applicable Margin 
 
 provided that if the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Bank of England Rate cannot be determined, any outstanding GBP Loans shall, at the Borrower s election, either be converted into Alternate Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars (converted into Dollars at the Applicable Conversion Rate), or be prepaid immediately. 
 
 Section 3.6 Temporar y Disruptio n o f Ter m SOFR . Subjec t t o Sectio n 17.2(b) , if 
 (a) the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequat e an d reasonabl e mean s d o no t exis t fo r ascertaining Ter m SOFR or 
 
 (b) the Agent has been advised by the Required Lenders that Term SOFR will not adequatel y and fairl y reflec t th e cos t t o suc h Lender s (o r Lender o f makin g o r maintainin g their Loan s (o r it s Loan) 
 
 then the Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, any outstanding Term SOFR Loan shall o n an d fro m suc h da y b e converte d b y th e Agen t to , an d shal l constitute , a n AB R Loan. 
 
 Section 3.7 Illegality. Subject to Section 17.2(b), if any Lender determines that any Applicable Law has made it unlawful, or if any governmental authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund any Term SOFR Loan, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make, maintain or fund Term SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans will be suspended until such Lender notifies the Agent and the Borrowe r tha t th e circumstance s givin g ris e t o suc h determinatio n n o longe r exist . Upo n receipt o f suc h notice , th e Ter m SOF R Lo an s o f suc h Lende r wil l b e immediatel y converte d int o ABR Loans. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower will pay accrued interest on the amount so converted. 
 
 Section 3.8 Breakage . I n th e even t o f (a th e pay men t o f an y principa l o f an y Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a resul t o f a n Even t o f Defaul t o r a n optiona l o r mandator y prepay men t o f Lo ans) , (b the 
 -78- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 conversion of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (d) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.9, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for any actual out-of-pocket loss, cost and expense (but excluding lost profits) attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shal l b e conclusiv e absen t manifes t error . Th e Borrowe r shal l pa y suc h Lende r th e amount show n a s du e o n an y suc h certificat e i n accordanc e wit h Sectio n 8.3. 
 
 Section 3.9 Fair Market Value. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Fourth Amendment is being entered into between them pursuant to arms -length negotiations, and each party further acknowledges and agrees that it has no reason to believe that the fair market value of the Loans immediately prior to the Fourth Amendment having been entered into would not be substantially equivalent to the fair market value of the Loans immediately after the Fourt h Amendmen t ha s bee n entere d into. 
 
 ARTICLE IV PAYMENTS TAXES 
 Section 4.1 Making of Payments . 
 
 Subject to, and in accordance with, the provisions hereof, all payments of principal of or Interest on the Loans and other amounts due to the Lenders shall be made pursuant to Section 8.3(a) by no later than 3 00 p.m., in the Applicable Time Zone, on the day when due in the applicable Eligible Currency in immediately available funds. Payments received by any Lender or Lender Agent after 3 00 p.m., in the Applicable Time Zone, on any day will be deemed to have been received by such Lender or Lender Agent on its next following Business Day. All amounts owing and payable to the Lenders (and by the Lenders) under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents may be paid by remitting such amounts to the Agent, who shall remit such amounts to the Lenders or Borrower, as applicable. Payments in reduction of the principal amount of the Loans shall be allocated and applied to Lenders pro rata based on their respective portions of such Loans, or in any such case in such other proportions as each affected Lender may agree upon in writing from time to time with such Lender Agent and the Borrower. Payments of Interest shall be allocated and applied to Lenders pro rata based upon the respective amounts of interest and fees due and payable to them. 
 
 Section 4.2 Due Date Extension . 
 
 If any payment of principal or Interest with respect to any Loan falls due on a day which is not a Business Day, then such due date shall be extended to the next following Business Day, and additional Interest shall accrue and be payable for the period of such extension at the rate applicable to such Loan. 
 
 Section 4.3 Taxes . 
 -79- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 amount paid or payable by such Indemnitee as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Indemnitee, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the other hand, but also the relative fault of such Indemnitee, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the other hand, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 
 
 Section 16.4 Net After-Tax Basis . 
 
 Indemnification under Section 16.1 and Section 16.2 shall be in an amount necessary to make the Indemnitee whole after taking into account any Tax consequences, on a net after-Tax basis (including, for example, taking into account the deductibility of an applicable underlying damage, cost or expense) to the Indemnitee of the receipt of the indemnity provided hereunder (or of the incurrence of such applicable underlying damage, cost or expense), including the effect of such Tax or refund on the amount of Tax measured by net income or profits that is or was payable by the Indemnitee. 
 
 ARTICLE XVII MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 17.1 No Waiver Remedies . 
 
 No failure on the part of any Lender, the Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender Agent, any Indemnitee or any Affected Person to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise by any of them of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender is hereby authorized by the Borrower during the existence of an Event of Default, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by it to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower to the amounts owed by the Borrower under this Agreement, to the Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender Agent, any Affected Person, any Indemnitee or any Lender or their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 Section 17.2 Amendments , Waivers Permanent Discontinuance of SOFR and other Benchmarks Benchmar k Exculpation . 
 
 (a) (a) This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified nor may any provision hereof be waived except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 17.2 . The Borrower and the Agent may, upon written notice to the Servicer and each Lender Agent, from time to time enter into written amendments, supplements, waivers or modifications hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of any party hereto or waiving, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement provided , that no such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification shall (i) reduce the amount of or extend the maturity of any payment with respect to a Loan or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Interest thereon, or reduce or alter the timing of any other amount payable to any Lender hereunder, in each case without the 
 -160- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 consent of each Lender affected thereby, (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 17.2 or Section 17.11 , or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders, (iii) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, in each case without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Agent, in each case without the prior written consent of the Agent, (v) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Collateral Custodian, in each case without the prior written consent of the Collateral Custodian, (vi) constitute a Fundamental Amendment without the prior written consent of each Lender, (vii) waive any Event of Default or Servicer Event of Default without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, (viii) materially affect the rights or duties of the Servicer unless the Servicer has consented thereto or (ix) materially affect the obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless in writing and signed by the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document (an d an y Swa p Contrac t shal l b e deeme d no t t o b e a Transactio n Document fo r purpose s of thi s Sectio n 17.2) , 
 (1) if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark Ter m SOFR , then 
 (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 1 a or (2 (1 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document , and 

(y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 3 a)(2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmar k Replacemen t Date , such Benchmar k Replacemen t wil l replac e suc h Benchmar k fo r al l purpose s hereunde r and unde r an y Transactio n Documen t i n respec t o f an y Benchmar k settin g effectiv e a t 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmar k Replacemen t i s provide d t o th e Lender s (withou t an y amendmen t to , or furthe r actio n o r consen t o f an y othe r part y to , thi s Agreemen t o r an y othe r Transaction Document), s o lon g a s th e Agen t ha s no t received , b y suc h time , writte n notic e of objectio n t o suc h Benchmar k Replacemen t fro m Lender s comprisin g th e Required Lenders and 
 (2 i f a Benchmar k Transitio n Even t an d it s related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurre d prio r t o th e Referenc e Tim e i n respec t o f an y othe r Benchmark , such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of any Benchmark setting effective at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document , so long as the Agent has not 
 -161- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 (z) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement Notwithstanding anythin g t o th e contrar y herei n o r i n an y othe r Transactio n Document , the Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 (aa) The Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date , (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, an d (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 17.2 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document o r any notificatio n b y the Agent , except , in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 17.2. 
 
 (ab) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), 
 (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or USD LIBOR and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Agent may modify the definition of LIBOR Accrual Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor , and 
 (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may modify the definition of LIBOR Accrual Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (ac) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any Loan Request request for a Dollar Loan , conversion to or continuation of Dollar Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period o f a n AB R Lo a n t o a Ter m SOF R Loan and, failing that, the 
 Borrower will be deemed to have converted revoked any such Loan Request into a request for a Dollar Loan of or conversion to the Alternate Base Rate. During o f a n AB R Lo a n int o a Term SOF R Lo an . Furthermore , if any Ter m SOF R Lo a n i s outstandin g o n th e dat e o f th e Borrower s receip t o f notic e o f th e commencemen t o f a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any , then unti l such time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the 
 
 -162- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

component of Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Alternate Base Rate a s a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 17.2, such Term SOFR Loan shal l o n an d fro m suc h da y b e converte d b y th e Agen t to , an d shal l constitut e a n AB R Loan . 
 (ad) Other than with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election or under the circumstances described in clause (h) below, if the Agent determines, for any proposed LIBOR Accrual Period, that (i) deposits in Dollars are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore market for the applicable amount and LIBOR Accrual Period of any Loan or (ii) the LIBOR Rate does not adequately or fairly reflect the cost to the Lenders of funding or maintaining any Loan, then (A) the Agent shall forthwith notify the Lenders and the Borrower and (B) while such circumstances exist, none of the Lenders shall allocate any Loans made during such period, or reallocate any Loans in the applicable Eligible Currency allocated to any then-existing LIBOR Accrual Period ending during such period, to an LIBOR Accrual Period with respect to which interest is calculated by reference to the LIBOR Rate. If, with respect to any outstanding LIBOR Accrual Period, a Lender notifies the Agent that it is unable to obtain matching deposits in the London interbank market to fund its purchase or maintenance of such Loans or that the LIBOR Rate applicable to such Loans will not adequately reflect the cost to the Person of funding or maintaining such Loans for such LIBOR Accrual Period, then (x) the Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders and (y) upon such notice and thereafter while such circumstances exist, the applicable Lender shall not make any Loans in the applicable Eligible Currency during such period or reallocate any Loans allocated to any LIBOR Accrual Period ending during such period, to a LIBOR Accrual Period with respect to which interest is calculated by reference to the LIBOR Rate provided that, (I) if the forgoing notice relates to Loans that are outstanding, such Loans shall be converted Loans of the Alternate Base Rate only on the last day of the then-current LIBOR Accrual Period, and (II) upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any outstanding Loan Requests for Loans of the applicable Eligible Currency. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error ), or the Borrowers or Required Lenders notify the Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrowers) that the Borrowers or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined solely with respect to an Eligible Currency other than Dollars, that 
 
 a. adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the relevant Applicable Interest Rate for any requested LIBOR Accrual Period, because the applicable screen rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 
 b. the administrator of the LIBOR screen rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the relevant Applicable Interest Rate or the applicable screen rate shall no longer be made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans (such specific date, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or 
 
 c. syndicated loans denominated in the applicable Eligible Currency currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section, are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the relevant Applicable Interest Rate 
 -163- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 then, reasonably promptly after such determination by the Agent or receipt by the Agent of such notice, as applicable, the Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the Applicable Interest Rate with respect to such Eligible Currency with an alternate benchmark rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein), giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar syndicated credit facilities denominated in such Eligible Currency for such alternative benchmarks (any such proposed rate, a Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate ), together with any proposed Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 17.2 , any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Agent written notice that such Required Lenders do not accept such amendment. 
 If no Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate has been determined and the circumstances under clause (i) above exist or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), the Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eligible Currency Loans in such Eligible Currency shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eligible Currency Loans or LIBOR Accrual Periods) provided that this Section 17.2(h) shall not be construed to require the Borrower to repay any outstanding Loan denominated in such Eligible Currency . Upon receipt of such notice, then notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Borrower may (x) revoke any pending Request for Borrowing of Eligible Currency Loans in such Eligible Currency (to the extent of the affected Eligible Currency Loans or LIBOR Accrual Periods) or (y) convert such outstanding Loans to Dollar Loans (which, for the avoidance of doubt, would be subject to the Dollar LIBOR Rate or Dollar LIBOR Successor Rate, as applicable), and failing any election under the foregoing clauses (x) or (y), will be deemed to have converted such request into a Loan Request for Eligible Currency Loans based off the Alternate Base Rate in the amount specified therein. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, any definition of Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate shall provide that in no event shall such Eligible Currency LIBOR Successor Rate be less than zero (0) for purposes of this Agreement 
 (g) Th e interes t rat e o n a Lo a n ma y b e derive d fro m a n interes t rat e benchmar k tha t ma y be discontinue d o r is , o r ma y i n th e futur e become , th e subjec t o f regulator y reform . Upo n the occurrenc e o f a Benchmar k Transitio n Event , Sectio n 17.2(b provide s a mechanis m for determinin g a n alternativ e rat e o f interest . Th e Agen t doe s no t warran t o r accep t any responsibilit y for , an d shal l no t hav e an y liabilit y wit h respec t to , th e administration , submission, performanc e o r an y othe r matte r relate d t o an y interes t rat e use d i n thi s Agreement , o r with respec t t o an y alternativ e o r successo r rat e thereto , o r replacemen t rat e thereof , includin g without limitation , whethe r th e compositio n o r characteristic s o f an y suc h alternative , successo r or replacemen t referenc e rat e wil l b e simila r to , o r produc e th e sam e valu e o r economi c equivalence of , th e existin g interes t rat e bein g replace d o r hav e th e sam e volum e o r liquidit y a s di d any existin g interes t rat e prio r t o it s discontinuanc e o r unavailability. Th e Agen t an d it s affiliates and o r othe r relate d entitie s ma y engag e i n transaction s tha t affec t th e calculatio n o f an y interest rat e use d i n thi s Agreemen t o r an y alternative , successo r o r alternativ e rat e (includin g any Benchmar k Replacement and o r an y relevan t adjustment s thereto , i n eac h case , i n a manner advers e t o th e Borrower . Th e Agen t ma y selec t informatio n source s o r service s i n it s reasonable discretio n t o ascertai n an y interes t rat e use d i n thi s Agreement , an y componen t thereof , o r rates 
 -164- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 reference d i n th e definitio n thereof , i n eac h cas e pursuan t t o th e term s o f thi s Agreement , and shal l hav e n o liabilit y t o th e Borrower , an y Lende r o r an y othe r perso n o r entit y fo r damage s of an y kind , includin g direc t o r indirect , special , punitive , incidenta l o r consequentia l damages, costs , losse s o r expense s (whethe r i n tort , contrac t o r otherwis e an d whethe r a t la w o r i n equity), fo r an y erro r o r calculatio n o f an y suc h rat e (o r componen t thereof provide d b y an y such informatio n sourc e o r service . 
 
 Section 17.3 Notices, Etc. 
 
 All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, or by email, to the intended party at the address or email address of such party set forth under its name on Annex A or at such other address or email address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective, (a) if personally delivered, when received, (b) if sent by certified mail, three Business Days after having been deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, (c) if sent by overnight courier, one Business Day after having been given to such courier, and (d) if transmitted by electronic means, except that notices and communications pursuant to Section 2.2 , shall not be effective until received. 
 
 The Collateral Agent (in each of its capacities) and the Collateral Administrator each agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement or any document executed in connection herewith sent by unsecured email or other similar unsecured electronic methods, in each case, of an executed instruction or direction (which may be in the form of a .pdf file) provided, however, that the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall have received an incumbency certificate listing such person as a person designated to provide such instructions or directions, which incumbency certificate may be amended whenever a person is added or deleted from the listing. If such person elects to give the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator email (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator s, as applicable, reasonable understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. Neither Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from their reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. Any person providing such instructions or directions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, including without limitation the risk of the either of them acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties and acknowledges and agrees that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by it and agrees that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of such instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances. 
 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons 
 -165- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 in connection herewith after such realization shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. No recourse shall be had against any officer, director, employee, shareholder, member, manager, agent, partner, principal or incorporator of the Borrower or their respective successors or assigns for any amounts payable under this Agreement. It is understood that the foregoing provisions of this Section 17.2 17.12 (a) shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Collateral for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Collateral or (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by this Agreement until such Collateral has been realized. It is further understood that the foregoing provisions of this Section 17.2 17.12 (a) shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Borrower as a party defendant in any proceeding or in the exercise of any other remedy under this Agreement, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained) enforced against the Borrower. 
 
 (b) No recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of a Lender contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is solely a corporate obligation of each Lender, and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of a Lender contained in this Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by a Lender of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any of the Transaction Documents, the parties hereto acknowledge that the obligations of any Conduit Lender arising hereunder are limited recourse obligations payable solely from the unsecured assets of such Conduit Lender (the Available Funds and, following the application of such Available Funds or the proceeds thereof, any claims of the parties hereto (and the obligations of such Conduit Lender) shall be extinguished. No recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing under this Agreement against any officer, member, director, employee, security holder or incorporator of any Conduit Lender or its successors or assigns, and no action may be brought against any officer, member, director, employee, security holder or incorporator of any Conduit Lender personally provided that the foregoing shall not relieve any such Persons from any liability they might otherwise have as a result of fraudulent actions taken or omissions made by them. The parties hereto agree that they will not petition a court, or take any action or commence any proceedings, for the liquidation or the winding-up of, or the appointment of an examiner to, any Conduit Lender or any other bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings with respect to such Conduit Lender provided that nothing in this sentence shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described in this sentence that was instituted against any Conduit Lender by any Person other than such party. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 -169- 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 SOCI T G N RALE , 
 as Swingline Lender 
 
 Soci t G n rale 
 245 Park Avenue, 4th Floor New York, NY 10167 Attention Julien Thinat 
 Tel. (212)-278-4125 (212)-278-7598 
 Email julien.thinat sgcib.com 
 
 with a copy to 
 
 Soci t G n rale 
 480 Washington Blvd Jersey City, NJ 07310 Tel. (201)-839-8460 
 Fax 201-693-4233 
 Attention Cheriese Brathwaite 
 Email oper-fin-serv.us sgss.socgen.com 

ALECTA PENSIONSF RS KRING, TJ NSTEPENSION MSESIDIGT 
 as a Lender Agent and as a Committed Lender 
 
 Alecta Pensionsf rs kring, Tj nstepension msesidigt Regeringsgatan 107, Stockholm, Sweden 
 Attention Julian Jonsson Telephone +46 8 441 66 38 
 Email julian.jonsson alecta.se, BusinessSupport alecta.com, AlectaKap-Credit alecta.com 

CITIZENS BANK, NA 
 as a Lender Agent and as a Committed Lender 
 
 4250 Congress St. Suite 300 
 Charlotte, NC 28209 Attention Kevin Kelly Telephone 704-496-5838 
 Email kevin.kelly citizensbank.com 
 
 With a copy to 
 Attention Nina O Leary Telephone 781-655-2160 
 Facsimile 855-457-1554 
 Email CLOoperations citizensbank.com 
 
 CUSTOMER S BANK 
 a s a Lende r Agen t an d a s a Committe d Lender 
 
 9 9 Bridg e Street Phoenixville , P A 19046 Attention Scot t Gates Tel. (484 302-3044 
 Email sgates customersbank.com 
 A-3 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

CENTENNIA L BANK 
 a s a Lende r Agen t an d a s a Committe d Lender 
 
 62 0 Chestnu t Street Conway, A R 72032 
 Attention Mark Bernstein, Senior Managing Director Tel. (212 824-3283 
 Email mbernstein ccfg.com 

SUMITOMO MITSUI TRUST BANK, LIMITED, NEW YORK BRANCH 
 a s a Lende r Agen t an d a s a Committe d Lender 
 
 125 1 Avenu e o f th e Americas , 22n d Floor Ne w York , N Y 10020 
 Attention Shuich i Kiyanagi Telephone 212-326-0589 Email NY.CIM.STR smtb.jp 

INVESTE C BAN K PLC 
 a s a Lende r Agen t an d a s a Committe d Lender 
 
 3 0 Gresha m Street Londo n EC2 V 7QP Unite d Kingdom 
 Attention Hea d o f Credi t Investments Telephone +4 4 20 7 59 7 4000 
 Email investecdocumentmanagement investec.co.uk 
 A-4 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Annex B 

B-1 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

EXHIBIT 10.20 

 Lender 

Dollar or Multicurrency Lender 

Commitment 

Revolving or Term Commitment 

Soci t G n rale 

Multicurrency Lender 

262,500,000 30 7,500,000 

Revolving Commitment 

Soci t G n rale 

Dollar Lender 

697,500,000 65 2,500,000 

Revolving Commitment 

Alecta Pensionsf rs kring, msesidigt 

Dollar Lender 

790,000,000 

Revolving Commitment 

Citizens Bank, NA 

Multicurrency Lender 

37,500,000 

Revolving Commitment 

Citizens Bank, NA 

Dollar Lender 

212,500,000 Revolving Commitment 

Total 

2,000,000,000 2 
 ,300,000,000 

B-1 
 USActive 55636781.20 55636781.26 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.52>
 5
 bcred20221231-ex10152.htm
 EX-10.5.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15.2 

 EXECUTION VERSION 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND OMNIBUS AMENDMENT TO DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARY TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS (this 
 Amendment ), dated as of May 5, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and between BCRED BSL CLO 2021-3, LTD., as a designated subsidiary (the Designated Subsidiary ), BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, as warehouse collateral manager (the Warehouse Collateral Manager and as equityholder (the Equityholder and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING INC., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), the Equityholder, the Administrative Agent, the Designated Subsidiary and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent have previously entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021 (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented prior to the Amendment Date in accordance with the terms thereof, the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, the Designated Subsidiary joined the Credit Agreement on August 12, 2021 pursuant to a Joinder Agreement consented to by Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Administrative Agent and delivered by the Designated Subsidiary to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent (the Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreemen t and concurrently entered into a Pledge Agreement among the Borrower, the Designated Subsidiary and the Collateral Agent (the Designated Subsidiary Pledge Agreement and a Securities Account Control Agreement among the Designated Subsidiary, the Collateral Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary (the Designated Subsidiary Securities Account Control Agreement and, together with the Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement and the Designated Subsidiary Pledge Agreement, the Designated Subsidiary Transaction Documents 
 
 WHEREAS, the Designated Subsidiary, a Cayman exempted limited company, will re-domicile as a private company limited by shares incorporated in the Bailiwick of Jersey (the Change in Jurisdiction 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Designated Subsidiary, the Equityholder and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement to reflect the Change in Jurisdiction as set forth herein, in accordance with Section 10.02 thereof and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 Amendments to Transaction Documents and Consent to Change of Jurisdiction SECTION 2.1. As of the Amendment Date, the Credit Agreement is hereby 
 amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bol d an d double-underline d text as set forth on the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Appendix A hereto. 
 
 SECTION 2.2. As of the Amendment Date, the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement is hereby amended by inserting Jersey, immediately before each reference to Cayman Islands . 
 
 SECTION 2.3. Upon the effective date of the Change of Jurisdiction, each of the Designated Subsidiary Transaction Documents will be amended, to the extent applicable, by 
 (1) deleting each reference to Cayman Islands and inserting Jersey in lieu thereof, (2) deleting each reference to exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands and inserting private company limited by shares incorporated in the Bailiwick of Jersey and (3) deleting each reference to c o Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9005, Cayman Islands, Attention The Directors, Email cayman.spvinfo intertrustgroup.com and inserting c o Intertrust SPV Services Limited, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 9WG, Attention The Directors, telephone +44 1534 504000, fax 
 +44 1535 504444, email ellen.chislett intertrustgroup.com in lieu thereof. 
 
 SECTION 2.4. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent hereby consent to the Change in Jurisdiction and waive any required notice periods under the Collateral Documents to such Change in Jurisdiction. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 3.1. The Borrower Parties, the Equityholder and the Warehouse Collateral Manager hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, as of the Amendment Date, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower Parties, the Equityholder and the Warehouse Collateral Manager contained in the Collateral Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day. 
 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions Precedent 
 
 SECTION 4.1. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions 
 
 (a) its execution and delivery by each party hereto 
 
 (b) the Administrative Agent s receipt of (i) a good standing certificate for the Designated Subsidiary issued by the Registry of Companies of the Cayman Islands and (ii) a copy of the resolutions of the Designated Subsidiary approving this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by its secretary or assistant secretary or other authorized officer 
 
 (c) the payment by the Borrower in immediately available funds of all fees (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent) to be received on the Amendment Date and 
 
 SECTION 4.2. Appleby (Jersey) LLP, counsel to the Designated Subsidiary, shall deliver a legal opinion in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent covering such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request on the date of the Change of Jurisdiction. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 5.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 
 
 SECTION 5.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 5.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall form a part of the Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 
 SECTION 5.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 3 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 SECTION 5.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.6. Collateral Agent . The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is the successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association by an assignment from U.S. Bank National Association of its rights, interests and obligations in its roles as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator and all Collateral Documents are hereby amended to delete all references to U.S. Bank National Association in its role as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator, and insert U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association in lieu thereof. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 4 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 BORROWER 

BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC 
 By Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as sole member 
 By s Marisa Beeney Name Marisa Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARY 

BCRED BSL CLO 2021-3, LTD. 
 
 By s Evert Brunekreef Name Evert Brunekreef Title Director 
 Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING INC. 
 
 By s Keenan McBride Name Keenan McBride Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 WAREHOUSE COLLATERAL MANAGER AND EQUITYHOLDER 

BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 
 By s Marisa Beeney Name Marisa Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

CONSENT TO THIS AMENDMENT IS HEREBY GIVEN COLLATERAL AGENT 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 By s Ralph J. Creasia, Jr. Name Ralph J. Creasia, Jr. Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Appendix A 

Appendix A 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Conformed through Fifth Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated February 25, Ma y 
 5, 2022 
 EXECUTION VERSIO 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of January 28, 2021 among 
 BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 
 U.S. BANK TRUS T COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

THE DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARIES FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 
 
 and 
 
 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS GENERAL TERMS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms. 2 
 Section 1.02. UCC Definitions. 26 27 Section 1.03. Terms Generally. 26 27 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP. 27 Section 1.05. Reserved. 27 
 Section 1.06. Reporting. 27 
 
 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 Section 2.01. Commitment. 29 30 
 Section 2.02. Advances and Borrowings. 31 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings Authorization of Purchases and Equity 
 Contributions. 31 Section 2.04. Funding of Borrowings. 32 33 Section 2.05. Termination of Commitment. 33 Section 2.06. Repayment of Obligations Evidence of Debt. 33 Section 2.07. Prepayment of Advances. 33 34 Section 2.08. Interest Unused Fee. 34 Section 2.09. Variation Margin Equity Contributions. 35 Section 2.10. Payments. 37 Section 2.11. Increased Costs Capital Adequacy. 37 38 Section 2.12. Taxes AML Compliance. 39 Section 2.13. Increase in the Maximum Facility Amount. 42 Section 2.14. Ratable Payments. 42 43 
 
 ARTICLE III WARRANTY BREACH ASSETS 
 Section 3.01. Repurchase or Substitution of Warranty Breach Assets. 43 

- i- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. 43 44 
 Section 4.02. Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder. 48 
 
 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS 
 Section 5.01. Effective Date. 50 51 
 Section 5.02. Each Borrowing. 52 
 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 6.01. Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower. 53 
 Section 6.02. Affirmative Covenants of the Equityholder. 56 
 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 7.01. Indebtedness. 57 
 Section 7.02. Liens. 57 58 Section 7.03. Fundamental Changes. 57 58 Section 7.04. Purchase and Sale of Warehouse Assets. 57 58 Section 7.05. Separate Existence. 58 59 Section 7.06. Other Business. 59 60 Section 7.07. Restricted Junior Payments. 59 60 Section 7.08. Sale Agreement. 59 60 Section 7.09. ERISA Matters. 59 60 Section 7.10. Requirements for Material Action. 60 Section 7.11. No Transfer of Interests. 60 61 
 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 8.01. Events of Default. 60 61 
 Section 8.02. Remedies. 62 63 

USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 - ii- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

ARTICLE IX 
 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 
 Section 9.01. The Administrative Agent 64 Section 9.02. The Collateral Agent 66 Section 9.03. Return of Certain Payments 67 68 
 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 10.01. Notices. 68 69 
 Section 10.02. Waivers Amendments. 69 70 Section 10.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 70 Section 10.04. Binding Power of the Credit Documents Successors and Assigns. 71 72 Section 10.05. Survival. 74 75 Section 10.06. Counterparts Effectiveness. 74 75 Section 10.07. Severability. 74 75 Section 10.08. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process. 74 75 Section 10.09. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 75 76 
 Section 10.10. Headings. 75 76 Section 10.11. Limited Recourse No Petition. 75 76 Section 10.12. Confidentiality. 77 Section 10.13. Entire Agreement. 77 78 Section 10.14. Characterization of Conveyances Pursuant to each Sale Agreement. 77 78 
 -3- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
 
 Exhibit A-1 Form of Approval Request Exhibit A-2 Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit B Investment Restrictions 
 Exhibit C Form of Facility Increase Request 
 
 Schedule 1 Reserved 
 Schedule 2 GICS Industry Classifications Schedule 3 Rating Definitions 
 Schedule 4 Form of Assignment and Assumption Annex A Lender Commitments 

- iv- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28, 2021 (the Warehouse Closing Date (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, this Agreement ), among BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND (the Equityholder ), MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as lender (in such capacity, the Lender and, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Lenders ), MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), each of the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as collateral agent for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. The Borrower wishes to borrow funds from the Lenders from time to time to finance the purchase of certain loans and other investments that will either be owned by the Borrower or contributed (or otherwise transferred to) a Designated Subsidiary of the Borrower 
 
 B.The Borrower wishes to engage Blackstone Private Credit Fund (in such capacity, the Warehouse Collateral Manager to perform investment-related and administrative duties with respect to the Borrowings hereunder and the management of the Warehouse Assets 
 
 C.The Warehouse Collateral Manager is willing to accept its appointment as Warehouse Collateral Manager of the Warehouse Assets on the terms set forth in the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement (as defined herein) 
 
 D. Each Designated Subsidiary of the Borrower (or any entity that the Designated Subsidiary merges into) intends to pledge a portion of the Warehouse Assets as collateral for certain securities (the CLO Securities to be issued by such Designated Subsidiary (or successor entity thereto by merger) in connection with certain collateralized loan obligation transactions (each, a Permitted CLO for which such Designated Subsidiary (or successor entity thereto by merger) acts as issuer (in such capacity, a CLO Issuer 
 
 E. The Warehouse Collateral Manager or a Related Company will act as collateral manager with respect to each Permitted CLO 
 
 F. The Borrower and each Designated Subsidiary wish to pledge the Collateral to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, to secure the payment of the Obligations pursuant to the Credit Documents and 
 
 G. The Lenders are willing to make Advances to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

ARTICLE I 
 
 - 2- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Section 1.01. 

Definitions General Terms 
 
 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms 

have the meanings specified below 
 
 Account means any of the Custodial Account (including the interest collection subaccount and the principal collection subaccount thereof established under the applicable Securities Account Control Agreement), the Reserve Account or the Variation Margin Account. 
 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
 
 Advances means the advances made by the Lenders or an Affiliate of the applicable Lender, to the Borrower pursuant to Article II . 
 
 Affected Party has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(a) . 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. For purposes of this definition, (a) no entity will be deemed an Affiliate of a Borrower Party solely because the administrator of such Borrower Party or any of its Affiliates acts as administrator or share trustee for such entity, (b) no entity to which the Warehouse Collateral Manager or a Related Company provides investment management or advisory services will be deemed an Affiliate of the Warehouse Collateral Manager or a Related Company solely because the Warehouse Collateral Manager or a Related Company acts in such capacity and (c) an obligor will not be considered an Affiliate of any other obligor solely due to the fact that each such obligor is under the control of the same financial sponsor. 
 Affiliate Assignments has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(c) . Aggregate Traded Amount means, as of any date of determination, without 
 duplication, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate amount applied by the Borrower Parties to the purchase of Warehouse Assets, plus (ii) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Reserve Account plus any amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account and applied in accordance with Section 2.03(b) , plus (iii) the aggregate amount necessary to settle all commitments to purchase Warehouse Assets that the Borrower Parties have entered into but have not yet settled minus (iv) the aggregate amount of proceeds received by the Borrower Parties in respect of the repayments and prepayments of the principal amount of Warehouse Assets sold at any time. 
 - 3- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Unfunded Exposure Amounts of all Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligations and Revolving Obligations included in the Collateral on such date. 
 
 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(h) . 
 AML Compliance means compliance with the Cayman AML Regulations or the Jerse y AM L Regulations , a s applicable . 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 
 4.01(w)(iii) . 
 
 Applicable Interest Rate means the sum of (i) the Applicable Spread and (ii) the 
 greater of (x) 0 and (y) the Benchmark. 
 
 Applicable Spread means the following per annum spreads for the periods indicated below 
 
 Period 
 Per annum spread 
 During the Base Period 1.30 
 From and including the day following the end of the Base Period and thereafter 
 2.00 

provided , if an LTV Ratio Event has occurred and is continuing, the Applicable Spread shall be 3.50 per annum. 
 
 Approval Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a) . 
 
 Approved Broker Dealer means any of Bank of America, NA, The Bank of Montreal, The Bank of New York Mellon, Bank of Nova Scotia, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Barclays Bank plc, BNP Paribas, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Cantor Fitzgerald, Citadel Securities, Citibank, N.A., Citizens Bank N.A., Credit Agricole S.A., Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank AG, Fifth Third Bancorp, Goldman, Sachs & Co., HSBC Bank, Jefferies, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., KeyBank, Macquarie Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Natixis, Nomura Securities Inc., PNC Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, Scotia Bank, Soci t G n rale, Sun Trust Bank, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, UBS AG or Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, or a banking or securities Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and any other financial institution so designated by the Warehouse Collateral Manager with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 Asset Replacement Percentage means, on any date of calculation, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) where the numerator is the outstanding principal balance of the Warehouse Assets that were indexed to the Benchmark Replacement for the Corresponding 
 - 4- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Tenor as of such calculation date and the denominator is the outstanding principal balance of the Warehouse Assets as of such calculation date. 
 Available Amount has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Available Facility Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount 
 equal to (i) the Maximum Facility Amount, minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances outstanding hereunder. 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the amount of interest payable in respect of the Advances on any Payment Date pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11, United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq ., as amended from time to time. 
 
 Base Period means the period from and including the date of this Agreement to and including the date that is one year prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if earlier, to but excluding the Maturity Date) provided that, if an Extension Agreement is executed by the Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Administrative Agent (i) prior to the end of the then-current Base Period, then the Base Period shall be extended to a date that is one year prior to the extended Scheduled Maturity Date or (ii) following the end of the then-current Base Period, then the Base Period shall be the period from the date of the execution of such Extension Agreement to and including the date that is one year prior to the extended Scheduled Maturity Date (or, in each case, if earlier, to but excluding the Maturity Date). 
 
 BDC Coverage Event means the Equityholder fails to maintain the asset coverage ratio required of a business development company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, Adjusted Term SOFR provided that, if a Benchmark Transition Event and the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark have occurred, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.08(g) . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 
 (1) the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR, as selected by the Administrative 
 Agent to be the then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the leveraged loan market and (b) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 - 5- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
 recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or 
 
 (3) the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
 Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Warehouse Collateral Manager, as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated secured financings or securitizations relating to leveraged loans, as applicable at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 If at any time the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), 
 (2) or (3) of this definition would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date 
 
 (1) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
 spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected, endorsed or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 
 (2) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
 that has been selected by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Warehouse Collateral Manager, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated secured financing or securitization transactions relating to leveraged loans, as applicable at such time. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including but not limited to changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Payment Date, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration 
 - 6- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 
 Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 
 Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein or 
 
 (3) in the case of clause (4) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 
 Event, the fifth (5th) Business Day following the date of the applicable report provided pursuant to Section 1.06 . 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
 administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
 supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such 
 - 7- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
 supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative or 
 
 (4) the Asset Replacement Percentage is greater than 50 , as reported in the 
 most recent report provided pursuant to Section 1.06 . 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 Benefit Plan Investor means a benefit plan investor as defined in Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, and includes an employee benefit plan that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, a plan that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and an entity the underlying assets of which are deemed to include plan assets. 
 
 Borrower has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
 
 Borrower Party means, as the context requires, the Borrower and or each Designated Subsidiary. 
 
 Borrower Tax Obligation means all present and future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, issuance, or any other similar Taxes arising on account of any payment made or required to be made under any Credit Document or payable by reason of the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, from the issuance of or otherwise with respect to the Credit Documents under any applicable ordinance or statute now existing or hereafter enacted. 
 
 Borrowing means Advances made on the same date. Borrowing Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c) . 
 - 8- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Business Day means any day other than (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) a day on which commercial banks in New York City or, with respect to any act required to be taken by the Collateral Agent, in the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Collateral Agent is located (which initially shall be Boston, Massachusetts) are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 
 
 Caa Asset means any asset with a Moody s corporate family rating (determined using then-current market methodology) of Caa1 or lower provided that, for purposes of this definition, (i) if any such rating is on positive watch by Moody s, it will be treated as having been upgraded by one rating subcategory and (ii) if any such rating is on negative watch by Moody s, it will be treated as having been downgraded by one rating subcategory. 
 
 Cancellation Date means the date on which the Warehouse Collateral Manager notifies the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing that the Commitment shall terminate following payment in full of the Obligations. 
 
 Cayman AML Regulations means the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision) and the Guidance Notes on the Prevention and Detection of Money Laundering and , Terrorist Financing and Proliferation Financing in the Cayman Islands, each as amended and revised from time to time. 
 
 Cayman FATCA Legislation means the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority Act (as amended) and the CRS, together with any rules, regulations and guidance note s ma d e pursuan t t o suc h laws. 
 
 Cayman IGA means the intergovernmental agreement entered into between the Unite d State s an d th e Caym a n Islands , a s am ende d fro m time t o time. 
 
 CCC Asset means any asset with an S&P rating (determined using then-current market methodology) of CCC+ or lower provided that, for purposes of this definition, (i) if any such rating is on positive watch by S&P, it will be treated as having been upgraded by one rating subcategory and (ii) if any such rating is on negative watch by S&P, it will be treated as having been downgraded by one rating subcategory. 
 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority or (d) any change in any generally accepted accounting principles or regulatory accounting principles and affecting the application of any law, rule, regulation or treaty referred to in clause (a) or (b) above provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines or directives promulgated thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all law, requests, rules, regulations, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any 
 - 9- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 
 Change of Control means an event that shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the following occur 
 
 (a) with respect to the Borrower, the Equityholder at any time for any reason 
 ceases to own, directly, 100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests of the Borrower (as the same may be adjusted for any combination, recapitalization or reclassification into a greater or smaller number of shares or units), free and clear of all Liens (other than pursuant to the Pledge Agreement), rights, options, warrants or other similar agreements or understandings 
 
 (b) Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, or an Affiliate of The Blackstone 
 Group, Inc. ceases to be the investment adviser to, and otherwise control the investment management and investment policies of, the Equityholder and 
 
 (c) with respect to any Designated Subsidiary, the failure of the Borrower to 
 own 100 of such Designated Subsidiary (other than any failure in connection with the closing of the related Permitted CLO). 
 
 CLO Issuer has the meaning set forth in the recitals. CLO Securities has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
 Collateral Agent has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
 
 Collateral Agent Fee Letter means that certain fee letter specifying the fees payable to the Collateral Agent, as such letter may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
 Collateral Documents means the Security Agreement, this Agreement, each Securities Account Control Agreement, each Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement, each Pledge Agreement, the Collateral Agent Fee Letter and any other document executed and delivered by a Borrower Party Granting a Lien on any of its property to secure payment of the Obligations. 
 
 Commitment means the commitment of the Lenders to make Advances in accordance with Section 2.01 hereof. The Commitment with respect to each Lender means, (i) prior to the Commitment Termination Date, the dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Annex A hereto (as such amount may be revised from time to time in accordance with this Agreement) or the amount set forth as such Lender s Commitment on the Assignment and 
 - 10- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Acceptance relating to such Lender and (ii) on or after the Commitment Termination Date, such Lender s pro rata share of the aggregate Advances outstanding. 
 
 Commitment Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) upon an Event of Default, the date on which the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, terminates the Commitment, whether expressly or automatically, pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 
 Concentration Limits has the meaning set forth in Exhibit B hereto. Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12 . 
 Control means (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise or (ii) ownership of more than 50 of the equity securities of a Person. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Corporate Trust Office means the designated corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent where this Agreement is administered currently located at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, One Federal Street, Third Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02110, email lynora.caulfield usbank.com, BCRED.Maroon.Pk.Fd.LLC usbank.com, Attention Global Corporate Trust Lynora Caulfield, Reference BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, or such other United States address as the Collateral Agent may designate from time to time by notice to the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Collateral Agent. 
 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 
 Credit Documents means the Collateral Documents and each certificate, agreement or document executed by the Borrower Parties, the Equityholder, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with or pursuant to any of the foregoing. 
 
 CRS means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information Common Reporting Standard. 
 
 Custodial Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans at such times provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 - 11- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 
 Defaulted Asset means any Warehouse Asset as to which 
 
 (a) a default as to the payment of principal and or interest has occurred and is continuing with respect to such debt obligation (without regard to any grace period applicable thereto, or waiver thereof, after the passage (in the case of a default that in the Warehouse Collateral Manager s judgment, as certified to the Collateral Agent in writing, is not due to credit related causes) of five Business Days or seven calendar days, whichever is greater, but in no case beyond the passage of any grace period applicable thereto) 
 
 (b) a default known to the Warehouse Collateral Manager as to the payment of principal and or interest has occurred and is continuing on another debt obligation of the same issuer which is senior or pari passu in right of payment to such debt obligation (provided that both debt obligations are full recourse obligations) 
 
 (c) the issuer or others have instituted proceedings to have the issuer adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent or placed into receivership and for a period of more than 60 consecutive days such proceedings have not been stayed or dismissed or such issuer has filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code 
 
 (d) (x) such Warehouse Asset has an S&P Rating of CC, D or SD or (y) the obligor of such Warehouse Asset has a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of D or LD or, in each case, had such ratings before they were withdrawn by S&P or Moody s, as applicable 
 
 (e) such Warehouse Asset is pari passu in right of payment as to the payment of principal and or interest to another debt obligation of the same issuer or subordinated to other indebtedness for borrowed money owing by the issuer thereof (i) which has an S&P Rating of D or SD or (ii) the obligor of which has a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of CC, D or LD, and in each case such other debt obligation remains outstanding (provided, that both the Warehouse Asset and such other debt obligation are full recourse obligations of the applicable issuer) 
 
 (f) the Warehouse Collateral Manager has received written notice or has knowledge that a default has occurred under the underlying instruments and any applicable grace period has expired and the holders of such Warehouse Asset have accelerated the repayment of such Warehouse Asset (but only until such acceleration has been rescinded) in the manner provided in the underlying instrument 
 
 (g) the Warehouse Collateral Manager has in its reasonable commercial judgment otherwise declared such debt obligation to be a Defaulted Asset and has not rescinded such declaration 
 - 12- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (h) such Warehouse Asset is a participation interest with respect to which the selling institution has defaulted in the performance of any of its payment obligations under the participation interest (except to the extent such defaults were cured within the applicable grace period under the underlying instruments of the obligor thereof) 
 
 (i) such Warehouse Asset is a participation interest in a loan that would, if such loan were a Warehouse Asset, constitute a Defaulted Asset (other than under this clause (i)) or with respect to which the selling institution has either (x) a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of D or LD or had such rating before such rating was withdrawn or (y) an S&P Rating of CC, D or SD or had such rating before such rating was withdrawn or 
 
 - 13- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Asset 
 (j) 

a Distressed Exchange has occurred in connection with such Warehouse 
 
 provided that a Warehouse Asset shall not constitute a Defaulted Asset pursuant 

to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) or (i) if such Warehouse Asset is a DIP Loan. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender other than any MS Lender that (i) has failed to fund any of its obligations to make Advances within two (2) Business Days following the date on which such funding was required, (ii) has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower that it does not intend to comply with such funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to such funding obligations hereunder or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (iii) has, for two (2) or more Business Days, failed, in good faith, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent, in response to a written request of the Administrative Agent, that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder or 
 (iv) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, had an event set forth in clause (l) of the definition of the term Event of Default occur with respect to it. 
 
 Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation means an obligation that (i) requires a creditor to make one or more future advances to the obligor under the underlying instruments relating thereto, (ii) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed dates, and (iii) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the obligor thereof provided , however , that any such obligation will be a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation only until all commitments by a Borrower Party to make advances to the obligor thereof are fully funded, expire or are terminated or reduced to zero. 
 
 Designated Asset means, as of any date of determination, (i) any asset (or portion thereof) that does not meet the Eligibility Criteria or the Concentration Limits or (ii) without limitation to clause (i) above, (a) any Defaulted Asset, (b) any CCC Asset or Caa Asset or (c) any asset that has a Market Value of less than 85 . 
 
 Designated Asset Haircut means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (x) for all Designated Assets that either (i) do not meet the Eligibility Criteria or (ii) are Defaulted Assets, the aggregate purchase prices (exclusive of purchased accrued interest) of such Designated Assets and (y) for all other Designated Assets, the positive difference (if any) of (i) 
 - 14- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 the aggregate purchase prices (exclusive of purchased accrued interest) of such Designated Assets over (ii) the sum of the products of (x) the Market Value of each such Designated Asset multiplied by (y) the principal balance of such Designated Asset. 
 
 Designated Subsidiary means each entity that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Borrower and approved by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in a Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement as a Designated Subsidiary. 
 
 Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement means, with respect to any Designated Subsidiary, an agreement consented to by the Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Administrative Agent and delivered by such Designated Subsidiary to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent in the form set forth in Exhibit A to the Security Agreement. 
 
 Designated Subsidiary Proceeds has the meaning set forth in the Security 
 Agreement. 
 
 Distressed Exchange means, in connection with any Warehouse Asset, a 
 distressed exchange or other debt restructuring has occurred, as reasonably determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager, pursuant to which the issuer or obligor of such Warehouse Asset has issued to the holders of such Warehouse Asset a new security or package of securities or obligations that, in the sole judgment of the Warehouse Collateral Manager, amounts to a diminished financial obligation or has the purpose of helping the issuer of such Warehouse Asset avoid default provided that no Distressed Exchange shall be deemed to have occurred if the securities or obligations received by the Borrower in connection with such exchange or restructuring meet the definition of Warehouse Asset. 
 dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01 . Eligibility Criteria has the meaning assigned to such term in Exhibit B hereto. Eligible Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security 
 Agreement. 
 
 Equity Contribution means any contribution made by the Equityholder to 
 acquire Interests in the Borrower issued pursuant to the LLC Agreement. 
 
 Equity Contribution Amount means then-current aggregate amount of Equity Contributions by the Equityholder to the Borrower and deposited into the Custodial Account. 
 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, its equity ownership interests, its common stock and any other capital stock or other equity ownership units of such Person authorized from time to time, and any other shares, options, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, options, warrants, preferred stock, phantom stock, membership units (common or preferred), stock appreciation rights, membership unit appreciation rights, convertible notes or debentures, stock purchase rights, membership unit purchase rights and all 
 - 15- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable, in whole or in part, into any one or more of the foregoing. 
 
 Equityholder has the meanings set forth in the preamble. Equityholder Commitment means 800,000,000. 
 Equityholder Condition means a condition that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Equity Contribution Amount is at least equal to the Equityholder Commitment as of such date of determination. 
 
 Equityholder Condition Cure Notice means a notice from the Equityholder to the Administrative Agent on the date of any applicable Event of Default stating that the Equityholder will make an Equity Contribution in a sufficient amount to cause the Equity Contribution Amount to equal the Equityholder Commitment within two Business Days. 
 
 Equityholder Purchased Loan Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Equityholder Warehouse Assets acquired by the Borrower prior to such date minus (b) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Equityholder Warehouse Asset (other than Warranty Breach Assets) distributed to or repurchased by the Equityholder or an Affiliate thereof prior to such date. 
 
 Equityholder Warehouse Asset means each Warehouse Asset sold and or contributed by the Equityholder to the Borrower pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 
 
 ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means (a) any corporation that is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code) as the relevant Person, (b) a trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code) with that Person, or (c) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, a member of the same affiliated service group (within the meaning of Section 414(m) of the Code) as, or that otherwise is aggregated under Section 414(o) of the Code with, that Person, any corporation described in clause (a) above or any trade or business described in clause (b) above. 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) with respect to a Pension Plan, any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived (b) a withdrawal by a Borrower Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as a termination under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, with respect to a Pension Plan (d) the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan (e) the incurrence by a Borrower Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to a complete or partial withdrawal by a Borrower Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a 
 - 16- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Multiemployer Plan, written notification of a Borrower Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates concerning the imposition of any withdrawal liability, as such term is defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan or written notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA) (f) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (g) the filing under Section 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or Section 4041A of ERISA, or the receipt by a Borrower Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC of any notice relating to the intention to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, other than for the payment of plan contributions or PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon a Borrower Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates or (i) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) which could result in liability to a Borrower Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01 . Excepted Assets has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.11 . Excluded Taxes means (A) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income 
 (however denominated) or franchise Taxes (imposed in lieu of net income taxes) imposed as a result of a present or former connection with the jurisdiction of the Governmental Authority imposing such Tax or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein (other than any such connection arising from a Lender s having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced, this Agreement or any other Credit Document), (B) branch profits Taxes that are imposed by any jurisdiction described in clause (A) above, (C) any Taxes that are attributable to a Lender s failure to comply with the requirements of Section 2.12(c) , (D) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to a Lender pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (other than pursuant to an assignment request made by the Borrower) except to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.12 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto, or (E) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 
 Extension Agreement means an agreement executed by the Warehouse Collateral Manager, each Lender and the Administrative Agent, which such agreement shall be executed prior to the occurrence of the Maturity Date stating that the Warehouse Collateral Manager has requested to extend the Scheduled Maturity Date for one year and each Lender and the Administrative Agent has consented to such extension in its sole discretion provided that no Extension Agreement shall be effective if on the date of such Extension Agreement, a Default, an Event of Default or an LTV Ratio Event has occurred and is continuing or a Cancellation Date has occurred. 
 - 17- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Facility Increase is defined in Section 2.13(a) hereof. 
 
 Facility Increase Request means the notice substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C pursuant to which the Borrower requests an increase of the Maximum Facility Amount in accordance with Section 2.13 hereof. 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any final current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, guidance notes or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States and any other jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the Jersey IGA and the Cayman IGA, as applicable) in connection with either the implementation of such sections of the Code or analogous provisions of non-U.S. law. 
 
 Fee Letter means each fee letter agreement that shall be entered into by and among the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the applicable Lender and or the Administrative Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
 Financial Asset has the meaning set forth in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 
 
 Floor means, for any Advances under this Agreement, the benchmark rate floor provided for in this Agreement with respect to the Benchmark as set forth in clause (ii)(x) of the definition of Applicable Interest Rate , as determined for the Advances. 
 
 Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained or contributed to or by, or entered into with, a Borrower Party with respect to employees outside the United States. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of 
 America. 
 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of 
 America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 
 Grant means to grant, bargain, sell, warrant, alienate, remise, demise, release, convey, assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, create and grant a security interest in and right of setoff against, deposit, set over and confirm. A Grant of the Pledged Assets or of any other instrument, shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including the immediate continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and receipt for principal and interest payments in respect of such collateral, and all other monies 
 - 18- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise, and generally to do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. 
 
 Increased Costs means any amounts required to be paid by the Borrower to an Affected Party pursuant to Section 2.11 . 
 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(b) . Interest Proceeds has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
 Interests means the membership interests in the Borrower issued pursuant to the LLC Agreement, with an initial value at least equal to 25,000,000. 
 
 Investment Company Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 2.09(d) . 
 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Jersey AML Regulations means The Proceeds of Crime (Jersey) Law 1999, the 
 Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the Proceeds of Crime (Supervisory Bodies) (Jersey) Law 2008, the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2002, the Terrorism (Jersey) Law 2002 and the Corruption (Jersey) Law 2006, each as amended and revised from time to time together with regulation s an d guidanc e note s ma d e pursuan t t o suc h laws , order s an d regulations. 
 
 Jersey FATCA Legislation means The Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 2014 together wit h regulation s an d guidanc e note s ma d e pursuan t t o suc h regulation s (includin g th e CRS). 
 
 Jersey IGA means the Jersey inter-governmental agreement to improve international tax compliance and the exchange of information with the United States, dated Decembe r 13 , 2013. 
 
 Lender and Lenders have the meanings set forth in the preamble. 
 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment, deposit arrangement, lien (statutory or other), charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset) and (b) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 
 Liquidate means sell, assign, settle, terminate or otherwise dispose of. Liquidation has the meaning correlative thereto. 
 - 19- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 LLC Agreement means the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of the Borrower, dated January 28, 2021, as further amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
 Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 10.03(b) . 
 
 LTV Ratio on any date of calculation, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and expressed as a percentage, equal to the quotient of (a) an amount equal to (x) the Aggregate Traded Amount as of such date multiplied by (y) 80.0 divided by (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate purchase prices (exclusive of purchased accrued interest) of the Warehouse Assets (including, for this purpose, the undrawn portion of any Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or Revolving Obligation and assets that have been purchased (or for which the Borrower has entered into an irrevocable commitment to purchase), but have not yet settled), plus (ii) all cash and the mark-to-market value of Eligible Investments held in the Custodial Account on such date (determined by the Administrative Agent) after giving pro forma effect to all disbursements necessary to settle all commitments to purchase Warehouse Assets that the Borrower has entered into but have not yet settled plus (iii) all cash and the mark-to-market value of Eligible Investments held in the Variation Margin Account on such date (determined by the Administrative Agent) minus (iv) the Designated Asset Haircut. 
 
 LTV Ratio Event means, on any date of determination, an event that will occur if the LTV Ratio equals or exceeds the Maximum LTV Ratio on such date. 
 
 Market Value means, with respect to any Warehouse Asset on any date of determination, the mark-to-market value determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion on such date at the midpoint of the bid and ask prices for such Warehouse Asset or, if such a determination is not made on such date, the mark-to-market value determined as set forth above most recently determined by the Administrative Agent with respect to such Warehouse Asset provided that the mark-to-market value of any Warehouse Asset shall be determined by the Administrative Agent (x) net of the related costs of transfer or assignment and 
 (y) if the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates owns such Warehouse Asset for its own account (each such Warehouse Asset, an Owned Asset ), consistent with the Administrative Agent s or such Affiliate s valuation of such asset for its own account. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Warehouse Asset that is not an Owned Asset, if the Warehouse Collateral Manager provides a bid price for any such Warehouse Asset from LoanX Inc. or Markit Group Limited not later than 4 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date on which the Administrative Agent provides notice of the Market Value of the Warehouse Asset to the Warehouse Collateral Manager, then such bid price shall be the revised Market Value of such Warehouse Asset unless the Administrative Agent determines, in a commercially reasonable manner, that such price does not represent the actual value of the applicable Warehouse Asset as of such date. If the Administrative Agent determines that such price does not represent the actual value, the original mark-to-market value determined by the Administrative Agent shall remain the Market Value of the applicable Warehouse Asset unless the Warehouse Collateral Manager provides mid-market quotations for such Warehouse Asset from two or more Approved Broker Dealers in similar assets not later than 1 00 p.m. New York 
 - 20- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 City time on the first Business Day after the date on which the Administrative Agent provides notice of the Market Value of such Warehouse Asset to the Warehouse Collateral Manager, in which case the Market Value shall be the average of such mid-market bids. With respect to any Owned Asset, the final Market Value as of any particular date shall be the mark-to-market value ultimately determined by the Administrative Agent as applied to its own account or the account of any of its Affiliates. 
 
 The Market Value of each Warehouse Asset shall be expressed as a percentage of par and will be determined exclusive of accrued interest. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial position, results of operations, properties or assets of any Borrower Party, the Equityholder or the Warehouse Collateral Manager, taken as a whole (ii) solely to the extent Warehouse Assets have been transferred to a Designated Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted CLO, the ability of any Designated Subsidiary to consummate any Permitted CLO 
 (iii) the ability of any Borrower Party, the Warehouse Collateral Manager or the Equityholder to perform any of its obligations under any Credit Document to which it is a party or otherwise bound (iv) solely to the extent Warehouse Assets have been transferred to a Designated Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted CLO, the ability of MS&Co. and its Affiliates to market the CLO Securities of any Permitted CLO or (v) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or the Collateral Agent under, or the validity or enforceability of, any Credit Document, in each case of clauses (i)-(v), as determined in good faith in a reasonable manner by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Material Modification means any amendment, modification or waiver of this 
 - 21- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Agreement 

(i) 

reducing the principal amount of the Advances or the rate of interest 

payable thereon (including the Applicable Spread) 
 
 (ii) reducing the Unused Fees 
 
 (iii) modifying the definition of the term Available Facility Amount or 
 increasing the Maximum Facility Amount provided that this clause (iii) shall not be applicable to any Non-Consenting Lender if another Lender has agreed to assume the Commitments that would, if funded, cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances made by such Non-Consenting Lender to exceed its pro rata share of the Maximum Facility Amount immediately prior to such modification 
 
 (iv) solely with respect to each Lender affected thereby, waiving or postponing 
 any date for any payment of any Advance, all or any portion of the interest thereon or any fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) 
 
 (v) modifying the provisions of Section 10.02 or any other provision hereof 
 (including this definition) specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder 
 - 22- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (vi) modifying this definition of Material Modification (other than to add 
 any items that are Material Modifications 
 
 (vii) amending the definition of Eligibility Criteria or Concentration 
 Limits , in each case, except as permitted pursuant the definitions thereof 
 
 - 23- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

5.02 
 (viii) 

(ix) 

modify or waiving any conditions to any Borrowing set forth in Section 
 
 solely to the extent any such modification would reasonably be expected 

to adversely affect any Lender, modifying (a) the provisions of Section 2.06(a) or Section 2.14 or hereof or the priority of payments set forth in the Security Agreement or, (b) in any such case, any related provisions that would alter the order of application of proceeds or would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby 
 
 (x) modifying the provisions hereof providing for pro rata funding of 
 Advances based on the respective Commitments of the Lenders 
 
 (xi) extending the Scheduled Maturity Date 
 
 (xii) except as permitted by the Collateral Documents, releasing all or 
 substantially all of the Collateral or 
 
 (xiii) waiving any Event of Default or, during the continuance of an Event of 
 Default, waiving, amending or modifying any provision of this Agreement which waiver, amendment or modification would have the effect of waiving or curing such Event of Default. 
 
 Maturity Date means the first date on which any of the following shall occur 
 (i) the Cancellation Date (ii) upon an Event of Default, the date on which all outstanding Advances are declared by the Administrative Agent to be due and payable and (iii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
 Maximum Facility Amount means, on any date of calculation, the lesser of (x) 
 800,000,000 (as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 2.13 and (y) the Equity Contribution Amount as notified to the Administrative Agent by the Collateral Agent as of such date of calculation multiplied by four provided that, following the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Commitment Termination Date, the Maximum Facility Amount shall be an amount equal to the aggregate Advances outstanding at such time. 
 
 Maximum LTV Ratio means 85.0 . 
 
 Maximum Traded Portfolio Amount means 1,600,000,000. 
 
 Moody s Derived Rating means with respect to any Warehouse Asset, the rating determined pursuant to the methodology set forth under the heading Moody s Derived Rating on Schedule 3 hereto. 
 - 24- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 MS Lender means any Lender that is either Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. or any Affiliate of Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 
 MS&Co. means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the applicable Person or any ERISA Affiliate of that Person contributed or had any obligation to contribute, or with respect to which such Person or ERISA Affiliate has any liability (whether actual or contingent). 
 
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender, other than any MS Lender, that has notified the Administrative Agent that it will not consent to, or that has not consented to, (x) a proposed amendment to this Agreement modifying the definition of the term Available Facility Amount or increasing the Maximum Facility Amount, (y) any waiver, amendment or modification described in clause (xiii) of the definition of Material Modification or (z) an Extension Agreement that has been agreed upon by the Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Non-Excluded Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Credit Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Borrower Tax Obligations. 
 
 Obligations means all of the Borrower s obligations to the Secured Parties arising under the Credit Documents, including, without limitation, the Advances, all accrued interest thereon and accrued fees (including, without limitation, accrued and unpaid Unused Fees and Upfront Fees) payable to the Secured Parties, all Increased Costs and all other amounts, obligations, covenants and duties owing by the Borrower to the Secured Parties, of every type and description (whether by reason of an extension of credit, loan, guaranty, indemnification, interest rate hedging transaction or otherwise), present or future, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired and whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument or for the payment of money, interest, charges, expenses, attorneys fees and disbursements, and other sums chargeable to the Borrower under the Credit Documents. 
 
 Obligor means, with respect to a Warehouse Asset, the Person who is obligated to repay such Warehouse Asset (including, if applicable, a guarantor thereof), and whose assets are primarily relied upon by a Borrower Party at the time such Warehouse Asset was purchased as the source of repayment of such Warehouse Asset. 
 
 OFAC means the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset 
 Control. 
 
 Operating Guidelines has the meaning set forth in Appendix A to the 
 Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement. 
 - 25- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Outstanding Balance means, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal balance of a Warehouse Asset as of such date, exclusive of any PIK Interest or accrued interest on such Warehouse Asset as of such date provided that, for purposes of calculating the Outstanding Balance of any Deferrable Obligation, principal payments received on such Warehouse Asset shall first be applied to reducing or eliminating any outstanding PIK Interest or accrued interest. 
 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(d) . Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(c) . 
 Payment Date means (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) each quarterly anniversary of the date of this Agreement provided, that, if any Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date) is not a Business Day, such Payment Date shall be the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor). 
 
 Pension Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code and is sponsored or maintained by a Borrower Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Borrower Party or to which a Borrower Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Borrower Party contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or has any liability (whether actual or contingent). 
 
 Permitted CLO has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 
 PIK Interest means interest accrued on a Warehouse Asset that is added to the principal amount of such Warehouse Asset instead of being paid as cash interest as it accrues. 
 
 Pledge Agreement means (x) that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Warehouse Closing Date, between the Equityholder, as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, as such Pledge Agreement may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and (y) each other Pledge Agreement among the Borrower, each Designated Subsidiary and the Collateral Agent pursuant to which the Borrower pledges all of the Equity Interests owned by it in each Designated Subsidiary to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Pledged Assets means (i) the Warehouse Assets (including those Warehouse Assets owned by a Designated Subsidiary), (ii) the Eligible Investments, (iii) the Variation Margin Amount, (iv) the Borrower s ownership interest in a Designated Subsidiary and (v) all the other assets of the Borrower (except the Excepted Assets) and a Designated Subsidiary including, without limitation, all accounts, payment intangibles, general intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, instruments, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights and 
 - 26- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 investment property owned by the Borrower or a Designated Subsidiary (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising). For the avoidance of doubt, a Designated Subsidiary and its Warehouse Assets shall cease to be Pledged Assets upon closing of the related Permitted CLO subject to the terms of the Security Agreement. 
 
 Politically Exposed Person means a natural person currently or formerly entrusted with a senior public role or function (e.g., a senior official in the executive, legislative, military, administrative, or judicial branches of government), an immediate family member of a prominent public figure, a known close associate of a prominent public figure, or any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a prominent public figure. Immediate family members include family within one-degree of separation of the prominent public figure (e.g., spouse, parent, sibling, child, step-child, or in-law). Known close associates include those widely- and publicly-known close business colleagues and personal advisors to the prominent public figure, in particular financial advisors or persons acting in a fiduciary capacity. 
 
 Prepayment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(a) . 
 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is Adjusted Term SOFR, the time set forth in the definition of Term SOFR, and (2) if such Benchmark is not Adjusted Term SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(c) . 
 
 Related Companies has the meaning set forth in the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement. 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Required Equity Funding Amount means the excess (if any) of (i) the Required Funding Amount on such date over (ii) the highest of (x) the Available Facility Amount on such date and (y) the amount that would cause an LTV Ratio Event to occur. 
 
 Required Funding Amount The excess (if any) of (i) the Aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount on such date over (ii) the sum of all amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account on such date. 
 
 Required Lenders means, on any date of determination, (a) the MS Lenders and 
 (b) the other Lenders, if any, representing, together with the MS Lenders, an aggregate of at least 51 of the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders then in effect provided that if at any time 
 - 27- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 there are two (2) or more Lenders who are not Affiliates of one another, Required Lenders must include at least two (2) Lenders who are not Affiliates of one another. 
 Reserve Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Restricted Junior Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution, direct 
 or indirect, on account of any class of membership interests of a Borrower Party now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend paid solely in interests of that class of membership interests or in any junior class of membership interests of a Borrower Party (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any class of membership interests of a Borrower Party now or hereafter outstanding, (c) any payment made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire membership interests of a Borrower Party now or hereafter outstanding, and (d) any payment of management fees by a Borrower Party. 
 
 Revolving Obligation means any obligation (other than a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation, but including funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities, unfunded commitments under specific facilities and other similar loans and investments) that under the underlying instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor provided , however , that any such obligation will be a Revolving Obligation only until all commitments by the creditors to make advances to the obligor thereof expire, are terminated, or are irrevocably reduced to zero. 
 
 Rule 17g-5 means Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17g-5 under the 
 U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Sale Agreement means that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the Warehouse Closing Date, between the Equityholder, as the seller, and the Borrower, as the purchaser. 
 
 Sanctions means economic and trade sanctions administered or enforced by any of the following authorities OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury (United Kingdom) or the United Nations Security Council. 
 
 Scheduled Maturity Date means October 13, 2023 provided that, if an Extension Agreement is executed, the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be extended one year, to the date specified in such Extension Agreement. 
 
 Secured Parties means the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary. 
 
 Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d) . 
 
 Securities Account Control Agreement means (i) the Securities Account Control Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021 entered into by and among the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary and (ii) each Securities Account Control Agreement among the applicable Designated Subsidiary, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary. 
 - 28- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Securities Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d) . 
 
 Securities Intermediary means U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as securities intermediary under the each Securities Account Control Agreement, or any successor thereof. 
 
 Security Agreement means the Security Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021 entered into by and among the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, each of the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and the Collateral Agent. 
 
 Security Entitlement has the meaning set forth in Section 8-102(17) of the 
 UCC. 
 
 SOFR with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate 
 published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website. 
 
 Special Member means a natural person who, (a) for the five (5)-year period prior to his or her appointment as Special Member, has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as Special Member is not (i) an employee, director, stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of a Borrower Party or any of its respective Affiliates (other than his or her service as a Special Member of a Borrower Party or other Affiliates of a Borrower Party that are structured to be bankruptcy remote (ii) a customer or supplier of a Borrower Party or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as a Special Member of a Borrower Party or other Affiliates of a Borrower Party that are structured to be bankruptcy remote or (iii) any member of the immediate family of a person described in (i) or (ii), and (b) has (i) prior experience as a Special Member for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all Special Member s thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at least five (5) years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of secured or securitized structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
 
 Tax Benefits has the meaning set forth in Section 10.03(f) . Tax Costs has the meaning set forth in Section 10.03(f) . Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(a) . 
 Term SOFR means, with respect to any Advance for any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of three months on such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator for such day at 6 00 a.m. (New York City time) provided , however , that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the foregoing tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term 
 - 29- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator. 
 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum. 
 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on 
 SOFR. 
 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower 
 Parties of the Credit Documents, the borrowing of Advances, the acquisition and Liquidation of Warehouse Assets and the use of the proceeds thereof as provided hereunder. 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 Unfunded Exposure Amount means, as of any date of determination, with respect to a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or a Revolving Obligation, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments associated with such Warehouse Asset as of such date. 
 
 Unused Fee means, in respect of each Lender, a fee that is payable to such Lender on each Payment Date and that accrues daily during the period starting on and including July 28, 2021 (or, in respect of a Lender that is not a Lender on such date, the Business Day on which the related assignment and assumption agreement for such Lender became effective) and ending on and including the Maturity Date at a per annum rate equal to 0.50 of such Lender s Unused Fee Basis Amount, computed daily on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days in such period provided that no Unused Fee shall be payable (i) in respect of any day occurring during the period from the closing date in respect of any Permitted CLO collateralized primarily by Warehouse Assets as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion to but excluding the date that is the six-month anniversary thereof and (ii) on any date on which the ratio of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances outstanding divided by the Maximum Facility Amount exceeds 90 . 
 
 Unused Fee Basis Amount means, with respect to a Lender and each day during a period when the Unused Fee is being determined for such Lender, an amount equal to such 
 - 30- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Lender s relative share of an amount equal to (x) the Maximum Facility Amount specified in clause (x) of the definition thereof minus (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances outstanding hereunder on such day. 
 
 Upfront Fee has the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 Variation Margin Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Variation Margin Amount means all amounts and Eligible Investments in the 
 Variation Margin Account. 
 
 Variation Margin Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.09(a)(i) 
 hereof. 
 
 Variation Margin Posting Excess has the meaning set forth in Section 
 2.09(a)(ii) hereof. 
 
 Volcker Rule means Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Pub. L. No. 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (2010) (codified at 15 U.S.C. 780) (together with the final regulations with respect thereto adopted on December 10, 2013), as amended and together with any successor or replacement regulations. 
 
 Warehouse Asset means any loan or bond owned or for which the Borrower has entered into a commitment to purchase. Warehouse Assets shall also include any loan or bond that has been transferred or otherwise contributed by the Borrower to a Designated Subsidiary but only for so long as such Designated Subsidiary is subject to the Credit Documents. All Warehouse Assets shall be identified by the Warehouse Collateral Manager to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (which identification may be made by e-mail) as relating to a Borrower Party at the time of purchase. 
 Warehouse Closing Date has the meaning set forth in the preamble. Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement means that certain Warehouse 
 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among the Borrower, each of the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and the Warehouse Collateral Manager, without regard to any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Administrative Agent has not consented in writing. 
 Warehouse Collateral Manager has the meaning set forth in the recitals. Warranty Breach Asset means any Warehouse Asset with respect to which a 
 Warranty Breach Event has occurred. 
 
 Warranty Breach Event means, as to any Warehouse Asset, the discovery that, as of the related date of acquisition, such Warehouse Asset did not satisfy the Eligibility Criteria or there otherwise existed a breach of any representation or warranty relating to such Warehouse Asset. 
 - 31- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Section 1.02. UCC Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein or the context 
 otherwise requires, terms defined in the UCC are used in this Agreement as defined therein. 
 
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply 
 equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly 
 provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 - 32- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Section 1.05. 
 
 Section 1.06. 

Reserved . Reporting . 

(a) On each Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, the Collateral Agent 
 shall deliver (including via e-mail) to the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Equityholder a written report containing the following information as of the close of business on the prior Business Day, prepared on a trade date basis, together with such additional information reasonably requested by the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent or the Equityholder in writing (including via e-mail) 
 
 (i) the identity of each Warehouse Asset (including CUSIP, LoanX ID or 
 other applicable identifier) 
 
 (ii) the identity of the obligor(s) on each Warehouse Asset and the Domicile 
 of such obligor(s) 
 
 (iii) the aggregate principal amount, purchase price and market value (as 
 estimated by the Warehouse Collateral Manager) of each Warehouse Asset 
 
 (iv) the S&P issuer credit rating, including any S&P Rating derived from a 
 - 33- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Moody s Rating, and Moody s Rating of each Warehouse Asset, including any Moody s 
 - 34- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Derived Rating (and, if any such rating has increased or declined since the last report, the previous rating) 
 
 (v) the identity of each Warehouse Asset that has an S&P rating derived from 
 a Moody s rating or a Moody s Derived Rating 
 
 (vi) the then-current interest rate of each Warehouse Asset (including, if such 
 Warehouse Asset bears interest at a floating rate, the relevant index and the spread over such index) 
 
 (vii) the maturity date of each Warehouse Asset 
 
 (viii) the S&P Industry Classification and the Moody s Industry Classification 
 of each Warehouse Asset 
 
 (ix) whether each Warehouse Asset is a Senior Secured Loan, a Second Lien 
 Loan, a First Lien Last Out Loan, an Unsecured Loan, a Senior Secured Bond, a Senior Secured Note, a DIP Loan, a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation, a Revolving Obligation or a Designated Asset 
 
 (x) the benchmark to which each Warehouse Asset is indexed 
 
 (xi) the amounts on deposit in each Custodial Account, the Variation Margin 
 Account and each Reserve Account 
 
 - 35- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (xii) such report 
 
 (xiii) 

the amount of any withdrawal from each Reserve Account since the last 
 
 the amount of all payments in respect of principal and interest, 

commitment fees and any other fees or other amounts received by the Borrower in respect of any Pledged Asset since the last such report 
 
 (xiv) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances and the 
 Available Facility Amount (in each case, with respect to each Lender and in the aggregate) 
 
 (xv) Agreement 
 
 (xvi) 
 
 (xvii) 

the amounts distributed pursuant to Sections 6.1 and 6.3 of the Security 
 
 the Equity Contribution Amount 
 
 the then-current calculation of each Concentration Limit and whether such 

Concentration Limit is passing or failing 
 
 (xviii) an estimate of the LTV Ratio (calculated based on the estimated market 
 value provided by the Warehouse Collateral Manager with respect to each applicable Warehouse Asset pursuant to clause 1.06(a)(iii) above) and whether it equals or exceeds the Maximum LTV Ratio 
 - 36- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (xix) the settlement date of each Warehouse Asset 
 
 (xx) the amount of accrued and unpaid Unused Fees 
 
 (xxi) the name of each Designated Subsidiary and the identity of each 
 Warehouse Asset that is owned by, or that has been transferred or contributed to, such Designated Subsidiary and 
 
 (xxii) the Asset Replacement Percentage, as determined by the Warehouse 
 Collateral Manager. 
 
 (b) In preparing the reports set forth in clause (a) above, the Collateral Agent 
 shall be entitled to conclusively rely on information it receives from the Warehouse Collateral Manager absent manifest error. If more than one Designated Subsidiary exists, the information in the reports in clause (a) above shall, to the extent applicable, be determined and reported separately with respect to each Designated Subsidiary and in the aggregate for all Borrower Parties. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for the actions or omissions of the Warehouse Collateral Manager or other Person and shall not be liable for any inaccuracy or error in any duty performed, or any failure to perform or delay in performing (unless such failure or delay results from or is caused by a failure or delay on the part of the Collateral Agent or such inaccuracy or error is caused by the Collateral Agent s own bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence) its specified duties hereunder which results from or is caused by a failure or delay on the part of the Warehouse Collateral Manager in furnishing necessary, timely and accurate information to the Collateral Agent. The Warehouse Collateral Manager shall cooperate with the Collateral Agent in connection with the preparation by the Collateral Agent of the abovementioned reports and calculations. Nothing herein shall obligate the Collateral Agent to determine (a) if a Warehouse Asset meets the criteria specified herein, (b) if the conditions for the purchase of a Warehouse Asset or the requirements specified in the definition of Deliver (as defined in the Security Agreement) have been complied with, (c) the type, classification or Market Value of any Warehouse Asset, or (d) the classification or Domicile of an obligor, any such determination in each case being based exclusively upon notification it receives from the Warehouse Collateral Manager. Further, nothing herein shall impose or imply any duty or obligation on the part of the Collateral Agent to verify, investigate or audit any such information or data, or to determine or monitor on an independent basis whether any obligor of the Warehouse Assets is in default or in compliance with the underlying instruments governing or securing such assets. 
 
 (c) The Warehouse Collateral Manager shall deliver (by e-mail) to the 
 Administrative Agent a copy of each trade blotter that it delivers to the Collateral Agent in connection with preparing the report set forth in clause (a) above. Each such trade blotter shall include the information set forth in clauses (i)-(iv), (vi), (x), (xix) and any other information reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent. 
 - 37- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

ARTICLE II 
 
 - 38- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Section 2.01. 

The Credits 
 
 Commitment . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth 

herein, the Lenders agree to make Advances to the Borrower, from time to time on any Business Day during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Commitment Termination Date, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time that is up to, but not exceeding, the Maximum Facility Amount. No Advance shall exceed the Available Facility Amount calculated immediately prior to giving effect to such Advance but calculated including all Advances that are expected to be made to fund Warehouse Assets that have been purchased but have not settled. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Advances. If and to the extent that there are multiple Lenders during the term of this Agreement, the relative Commitments of each such Lender shall be set forth in the assignment and assumption agreement relating to the assignment of the applicable existing Lender s rights and obligations hereunder to the new Lender. In any event, the Commitments of the Lenders shall be several and not joint, no Lender shall have any duty whatsoever to make an Advance on behalf of any other Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have no duty whatsoever to make any Advance on behalf of any Lender. 
 
 (b) If and to the extent that there are multiple Lenders during the term of this 
 Agreement, the relative Commitments of each such Lender shall be set forth in the assignment and assumption agreement relating to the assignment of the applicable existing Lender s rights and obligations hereunder to the new Lender and each such Lender shall make Advances required to be made hereunder on a pro rata basis based on such Commitments. In any event, the Commitments of the Lenders shall be several and not joint, no Lender shall have any duty whatsoever to make an Advance on behalf of any other Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have no duty whatsoever to make any Advance on behalf of any Lender. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in clause (b) above to the contrary, an MS Lender may 
 (but shall have no obligation whatsoever to) elect to make any Advance otherwise required to be made by a Non-Consenting Lender or a Defaulting Lender by providing written notice (including via email) of such election to the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other Lenders. Upon making any such Advance, the advancing Lender shall have all of the rights of the Lenders in respect thereof (including the right to the repayment of principal, interest and other amounts in respect thereof and all voting, consent and similar rights deriving therefrom). The election by an MS Lender to make any Advance otherwise required to be made by a Defaulting Lender shall not, subject to clause (d) below, relieve such Defaulting Lender of its obligation to make subsequent Advances required under this Agreement and such subsequent Advances shall be made on a pro rata basis based on such Defaulting Lender s Commitment immediately prior to such election. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent (x) may require (i) any Defaulting Lender to assign in 
 accordance with Section 10.04(c) hereof any or all of the outstanding Advances made by such Defaulting Lender and or any or all of the remaining Commitment of such Defaulting Lender (and, in each case, all related rights and obligations) or (ii) any Lender constituting a 
 - 39- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Non-Consenting Lender under clause (x) of the definition thereof to assign a portion of its Commitment in any amount necessary to satisfy the proviso to clause (iii) of the definition of the term Material Modification , in either case, to another then-current Lender that has agreed to assume such Advances and or Commitments upon not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice (including via email) to such Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender, with a copy to the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the other Lenders and the Collateral Agent and (y) shall require any Lender constituting a Non-Consenting Lender under clause (y) or 
 (z) of the definition thereof to assign in accordance with Section 10.04(c) hereof any or all of the outstanding Advances made by such Non-Consenting Lender and or any or all of the remaining Commitment of such Non-Consenting Lender (and, in each case, all related rights and obligations) provided that in each case (with respect to outstanding Advances) the assignee Lender shall pay the assignor Lender an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of any Advances assigned and the Borrower shall make payments to the assignor Lender in respect of interest, fees and other amounts as set forth in Section 2 of Annex 1 to the assignment and assumption entered into between the assignor Lender and the assignee Lender (in substantially the form of Schedule 4 ). If the Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender does not execute and deliver an assignment and assumption agreement substantially in the form of Schedule 4 on or prior to such fifth Business Day following notice of required assignment from the Administrative Agent, such Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender shall be deemed to have executed such assignment and assumption without any action on the part of the Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, (1) no Defaulting Lender shall be required to assign any or all of its outstanding Advances or Commitments if, prior to the end of such five Business Day period, the circumstances giving rise to it becoming a Defaulting Lender have been cured (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or waived by the Administrative Agent and (2) any Commitments of a Non-Consenting Lender assigned pursuant to this clause (d) shall relate solely to potential Advances exceeding its then-current share of the Maximum Facility Amount, and such Non-Consenting Lender shall remain obligated to fund its pro rata portion of Advances in accordance with clause (b) above based on its percentage allocation without giving effect to the related increase in Commitments until Advances in an aggregate amount equal to the Maximum Facility Amount without giving effect to such increase have been made. 
 
 Section 2.02. Advances and Borrowings . Each Advance shall be made as part of 
 a Borrowing. Each Advance shall be in an aggregate amount that is not less than 500,000. The Warehouse Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Borrower, shall direct whether an Advance made to the Borrower shall be used for the purchase of a Warehouse Asset directly by the Borrower or a Designated Subsidiary. 
 
 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings Authorization of Purchases and Equity 
 Contributions . (a) The Warehouse Collateral Manager, on behalf of a specified Borrower Party, shall, on or prior to the second Business Day preceding the proposed trade date of each proposed acquisition of Warehouse Assets (whether proposed to be funded by an Advance or by the use of all or a portion of the Equity Contribution Amount) provide to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Lenders and the Borrower) a notice by electronic mail in the form of, or otherwise containing the same representations and information as, Exhibit A-1 hereto (together with any attachments required in connection therewith, an Approval Request ), which notice (among other things shall indicate the Borrower Party for which the Warehouse Asset is being 
 - 40- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 purchased). Such approval may take the form of a standing list of pre-approved assets containing the characteristics of each pre-approved asset specified in Exhibit A-1 (other than purchase price), together with a notice of intention to trade containing the par amount and purchase price of the Warehouse Asset(s) being acquired delivered on or prior to the second Business Day preceding the proposed trade date. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall have the right to approve or reject any Approval Request in its sole discretion and to request additional information regarding any proposed Warehouse Asset. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Lenders in writing (including via electronic mail) whether each Approval Request has been approved or rejected. Any approval may be withdrawn at any time prior to the time at which the applicable Borrower Party actually becomes obligated to purchase or enter into documents governing such proposed Warehouse Asset by written notice (including via e-mail) of such withdrawal from the Administrative Agent to the Warehouse Collateral Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent may not withdraw any such approval after the applicable Borrower Party has entered into an irrevocable commitment to acquire such proposed Warehouse Asset. If the Administrative Agent has rejected an Approval Request, or withdrawn or withheld its approval of any such request, then the applicable Borrower Party shall not be authorized to purchase such proposed Warehouse Asset. 
 
 (b) On the date that any Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or Revolving 
 Obligation is acquired by a Borrower Party, the acquisition of which was approved by the Administrative Agent and the terms of which require additional payments to be made by the Borrower after the acquisition thereof, amounts in the Custodial Account equal to the Unfunded Exposure Amount shall be deposited into the Reserve Account and designated for the purpose of funding such additional payments and shall not be available for the purchase of any other Warehouse Assets provided that, to the extent such amounts in the Custodial Account are not sufficient to cover the Unfunded Exposure Amount, the Borrower (on behalf of the applicable Borrower Party) shall request that the Lenders make an Advance in the amount equal to the Unfunded Exposure Amount on the date that such Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or Revolving Obligation is acquired to be deposited into the Reserve Account (subject to the applicable dollar limitation set forth in the definition of the term Maximum Facility Amount). Such amounts shall be designated for the purpose of funding such additional payments and shall not be available for the purchase of other Warehouse Assets. All amounts in the Reserve Account will be invested in Eligible Investments at the direction of the Warehouse Collateral Manager (or the Administrative Agent if an Event of Default has occurred). In the event no such direction is received, the amounts in the Reserve Account shall be invested in the U.S. Bank National Association Money Market Deposit Account . On the date that any additional payment is required to be made by a Borrower Party in connection with a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or a Revolving Obligation, amounts will be withdrawn from the Reserve Account without further consent of the Administrative Agent and applied to make such additional payment. In the event that any Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or Revolving Obligation is sold by a Borrower Party or the amount of potential additional payments in respect of a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or Revolving Obligation is irrevocably reduced, an amount equal to the amount of the applicable reduction in a Borrower Party s potential additional payment obligations with respect to such Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or Revolving Obligation 
 - 41- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 will be transferred from the Reserve Account to the Custodial Account and treated as a prepayment of the applicable Warehouse Asset. 
 
 (c) If the Warehouse Collateral Manager wishes to purchase a Warehouse 
 Asset on behalf of a Borrower Party for which the Approval Request has been approved pursuant to clause (a) above with an Advance (including an Advance to be applied to the purchase of a Warehouse Asset constituting a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or a Revolving Obligation and requiring the funding of such Advance to the Reserve Account pursuant to Section 2.03(b) ), the Warehouse Collateral Manager on behalf of the applicable Borrower Party shall, prior to 12 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of such proposed purchase, provide to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Lenders, the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Equityholder) a borrowing notice by electronic mail substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto (together with any attachments required in connection therewith, a Borrowing Request relating to such proposed purchase, which notice shall indicate the Borrower Party for which the Warehouse Asset is being purchased. Each Borrowing Request shall include a statement with respect to each Warehouse Asset to which it relates indicating whether or not the seller of such Warehouse Asset is the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates. The settlement of the purchase of a Warehouse Asset shall be made to the Borrower pursuant to customary loan settlement practices unless, if directed by the Warehouse Collateral Manager with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, the settlement of such purchase shall be made to a Designated Subsidiary. Any purchase by the Borrower of a Warehouse Asset from the Equityholder pursuant to the Sale Agreement that the Borrower (or the Warehouse Collateral Manager on its behalf) intends to contribute to a Designated Subsidiary may, for administrative convenience, settle directly with such Designated Subsidiary but such Warehouse Asset shall be deemed to have been purchased by the Borrower pursuant to the Sale Agreement and contributed to such Designated Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and the Sale Agreement. 
 
 Section 2.04. Funding of Borrowings . Each Lender shall make each Advance to 
 be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 4 00 p.m., New York City time, to the Custodial Account of the Borrower (or the Reserve Account, as applicable). No Advances shall be made to a Borrower Party other than the Borrower however, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower (or the Warehouse Collateral Manager on its behalf) may direct the use of the proceeds of any Advance for the purchase of Warehouse Assets by any Designated Subsidiary. 
 
 Section 2.05. Termination of Commitment . The Commitment shall terminate on 
 the Commitment Termination Date. 
 
 Section 2.06. Repayment of Obligations Evidence of Debt . (a) The Borrower 
 hereby unconditionally promises to repay the Obligations on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) any other day upon which they become due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents. 
 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an 
 account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from 
 (i) each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest and 
 - 42- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Increased Costs payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder and (ii) the accrued and unpaid Unused Fee. 
 
 (c) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.06(b) 
 shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents. 
 
 Section 2.07. Prepayment of Advances . 
 
 (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to 
 prepay the principal amount of any Advance with the proceeds of (x) Equity Contributions made pursuant to Section 2.09(b) or (y) a Variation Margin Posting Excess as set forth in Section 2.09(a)(ii) , in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with Section 2.07(b) provided , that, any principal amount to be prepaid hereunder shall be equal to or greater than 
 500,000 and Advances shall be prepaid in the manner set forth in Section 6.4 of the Security Agreement. On any date on which an Advance is prepaid in accordance with the preceding sentence (each such date, a Prepayment Date ), the Borrower shall, by applying solely Interest Proceeds it has received in respect of the Pledged Assets prior to such Prepayment Date, pay first 
 (A) any interest accrued in accordance with Section 2.08 in respect of the principal amount of any Advance being prepaid, second (B) any accrued and unpaid Unused Fees and third (C) any accrued and unpaid Increased Costs. 
 
 (b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the 
 Collateral Agent) by electronic mail of each prepayment under this Section 2.07 not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the related Prepayment Date. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Prepayment Date, the principal amount of each Advance or portion thereof to be prepaid and the amount of interest to be paid with respect to each such Advance. 
 
 (c) On the closing of a Permitted CLO, the Borrower shall prepay the 
 Advances and interest accrued in accordance with Section 2.08 in respect thereof in accordance with the Security Agreement. 
 
 - 43- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (d) Security Agreement. 

In addition, the Advances shall be repaid in the manner set forth in the 

Section 2.08. Interest Unused Fee . (a) Each Advance shall bear interest for each 
 day that such Advance is outstanding at the Applicable Interest Rate for such day. 
 
 (b) Reserved. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of clause (a) above, if any principal of or 
 interest on any Advance or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, such overdue amount shall bear interest, at a rate per annum equal to 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Advance as provided in clause (a) above. 
 - 44- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (d) Accrued interest on each Advance shall be payable in arrears on each 
 Payment Date for such Advance and, with respect to prepayments made in accordance with Section 2.07 , upon the date of such prepayment provided, that, interest accrued pursuant to clause (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Warehouse Asset is purchased with accrued interest, commitment fee or any other fees thereon, the Borrower shall nevertheless apply all amounts a Borrower Party receives in respect of interest, commitment fees and any other fees from such Warehouse Asset in accordance with Article VI of the Security Agreement. 
 
 (e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days 
 and the actual number of days in such period. 
 
 (f) The Borrower shall pay to each Lender the applicable accrued and unpaid 
 Unused Fee in arrears on each Payment Date and as otherwise provided in Article VI of the Security Agreement. 
 
 (g) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein 
 or in any other Credit Document, if (A) a Benchmark Transition Event and (B) a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto have occurred prior to the Reference Time in connection with any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes under this Agreement and under any other Credit Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without requiring any amendment to, or requiring any further action by or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 
 
 (h) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the 
 implementation of Term SOFR or a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in respect of this Agreement and any other Credit Document from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without requiring any further action by or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 
 
 (i) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative 
 Agent will promptly notify all the parties hereto and the Warehouse Collateral Manager of (i) any occurrence of (A) a Benchmark Transition Event and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 
 Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.08(g) , Section 2.08(h) and this Section 2.08(i) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, except as expressly provided herein, and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 
 - 45- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Section 2.09. Variation Margin Equity Contributions . (a) (i) If, on any Business 
 Day, the Administrative Agent determines that an LTV Ratio Event has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Equityholder of such event (which notice shall include reasonable evidence demonstrating the amount by which the LTV Ratio exceeds the Maximum LTV Ratio), and the Equityholder may, in its sole discretion, make a cash payment (ratably in accordance with Section 1.05 above) into the Variation Margin Account such that the LTV Ratio Event is no longer continuing (any such payment, a Variation Margin Payment ). Each Variation Margin Payment shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 
 1,000,000 and shall be made free and clear of any right of chargeback, security interest or other equitable claim, except as set forth in subsection (ii) below. 
 
 (ii) On any Business Day on which amounts are on deposit in the Variation 
 Margin Account, the Equityholder may request that the Administrative Agent calculate the minimum amount of cash necessary to be on deposit in the Variation Margin Account for the LTV Ratio to remain less than the Maximum LTV Ratio. If the Administrative Agent determines for a period of not less than ten (10) consecutive Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) that the amount of cash on deposit in the Variation Margin Account exceeds by an amount in excess of 1,000,000 the minimum amount of cash necessary for the LTV Ratio to remain less than the Maximum LTV Ratio (such excess, the Variation Margin Posting Excess ), then, on any Business Day on which no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Equityholder may request in writing (such request to include the allocation elected as set forth in the last sentence of this paragraph) that the Collateral Agent at the direction of the Administrative Agent cause the return of all or a portion of the Variation Margin Posting Excess, so long as the LTV Ratio after giving effect to the return of such amounts remains less than the Maximum LTV Ratio. The Collateral Agent at the direction of the Administrative Agent shall cause such amounts to be returned within two (2) Business Days of receiving such request. Such amounts may be allocated as follows (as elected by the Equityholder) (A) to be repaid to the Equityholder or (B) to be applied to prepay Advances in accordance with Section 2.07(a) . 
 
 (iii) The Equityholder agrees, and shall be unconditionally obligated, to make 
 Equity Contributions in an amount up to the Equityholder Commitment (x) at the written request (which may be made by e-mail) of the Warehouse Collateral Manager to the Equityholder pursuant to Section 2.09(b)(ii) , (y) solely in connection with the settlement of Warehouse Assets, at the direction of the Administrative Agent (which direction shall be given by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) not later than the close of business (New York time) on the first Business Day after receipt of such request or direction or (z) in accordance with Section 2.09(b)(iii) . 
 
 (b) (i) In connection with (A) each Equity Contribution in accordance with 
 clause (ii) below for the acquisition by the Borrower of any Warehouse Asset in accordance with Section 2.03(a) , (B) each Equity Contribution in accordance with Section 2.09(a)(iii) , (C) each Equity Contribution deposited into the Custodial Account for transfer to the Reserve Account and (D) each prepayment of an Advance in accordance with Section 2.07(a) (and, if applicable, Section 2.09(b)(iii) below), the Equityholder shall make an Equity Contribution in an aggregate 
 - 46- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 amount equal to (w) the portion of the purchase price of the Warehouse Asset to be acquired with the proceeds of Equity Contributions in the case of clause (A), (x) the amount of Equity Contributions required to be purchased under Section 2.09(a)(iii) in the case of clause (B), (y) the Required Equity Funding Amount in the case of clause (C) and (z) the principal amount and interest accrued thereon of the Advance to be prepaid with Equity Contributions in the case of clause (D). On the Business Day that the Collateral Agent receives Equity Contributions pursuant to this Section 2.09(b) , the Collateral Agent shall notify the Administrative Agent of the amount of such Equity Contribution. 
 
 (ii) At the written request of the Warehouse Collateral Manager (which may 
 be by email), the Equityholder hereby agrees, and shall be unconditionally obligated, no later than one Business Day prior to the date upon which any Warehouse Asset is expected to settle to make an Equity Contribution as requested by the Warehouse Collateral Manager to settle such Warehouse Asset provided that any such Equity Contribution shall be in an aggregate principal amount of no less than 25,000,000 unless a lower amount is otherwise agreed to in writing (which may be by email) by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. The Warehouse Collateral Manager shall give two Business Days prior notice (which may be by e-mail) to the Equityholder of the amount of Equity Contribution required to be purchased pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 
 (iii) If the Designated Subsidiary Proceeds are insufficient to cause (a) the 
 LTV Ratio to be equal to or lower than 80 and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be equal to or lower than the lesser of (x) 500,000,000 and 
 (y) the then-current aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Equity Contributions multiplied by four (4), the Equityholder hereby agrees, and shall be unconditionally obligated to make additional Equity Contributions on such date in an aggregate principal amount of at least the difference between (i) 25,000,000 and (ii) the Equity Contribution Amount and sufficient, after application of the proceeds pursuant to the Security Agreement, to cause (a) the LTV Ratio to be equal to or lower than 80 and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be equal to or lower than the lesser of (x) 500,000,000 and (y) the then-current aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Equity Contributions multiplied by four (4). 
 
 (iv) If following the closing of a Permitted CLO, the Equity Contribution 
 Amount is less than 10,000,000, the Equityholder hereby agrees, and shall be unconditionally obligated, to make Equity Contributions prior to the first date on which Warehouse Assets are settled following the closing date of such Permitted CLO, in an aggregate principal amount of at least the difference between (i) 10,000,000 and (ii) the Equity Contribution Amount. 
 
 (c) Any Equity Contribution made pursuant to this Section 2.09 may be in the 
 form of the contribution of Warehouse Assets by the Equityholder to the Borrower. The value of any such contribution shall be the Market Value. For the avoidance of doubt, any Warehouse Asset that is contributed by the Equityholder to the Borrower shall be subject to the terms of this Credit Agreement, including without limitation, the approval of the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.03 . 
 - 47- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Section 2.10. Payments . 
 
 (a) Any and all payments made by the Borrower under the Credit Documents 
 shall be made in U.S. dollars. Each party hereto agrees that the Available Amount and all such other amounts described in Article VI of the Security Agreement shall be applied in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in Article VI of the Security Agreement and otherwise in accordance with the Credit Documents. The Lenders, the Equityholder and the Administrative Agent hereby instruct the Collateral Agent to apply the Available Amount and all such other amounts described in Article VI of the Security Agreement in accordance with Article VI of the Security Agreement and otherwise in accordance with the Credit Documents. 
 
 Section 2.11. Increased Costs Capital Adequacy . 
 
 - 48- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (a) 
 
 (i) 

If any Change in Law shall 
 
 impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, 

assessment, fee, tax, insurance charge, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate, participant, successor or assign thereof (each of which shall be an Affected Party 
 
 (ii) impose on any Affected Party or the London interbank market (or any 
 other market material to the calculation of the Benchmark in the relevant date of determination) any other condition, cost or expense (other than Excluded Taxes and Non-Excluded Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Advances or participation therein or the obligation or right of any Lender to make Advances hereunder 
 
 (iii) change the amount of capital maintained or required or requested or 
 directed to be maintained by any Affected Party or 
 
 (iv) change the rate for, or the manner in which the Federal Deposit Insurance 
 Corporation (or a successor thereto) assesses deposit insurance premiums or similar charges 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to or impose a cost upon such Affected Party of funding or making or maintaining any Advance or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance or otherwise performing its obligations under the Credit Documents or to increase the cost to such Affected Party or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Party, whether of principal, interest or otherwise or to require any payment calculated by reference to the amount of interest or loans received or held by such Affected Party, then the Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower (and the Warehouse Collateral Manager) prompt notice thereof and, so long as the condition remains in effect, the Borrower shall either pay the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances then outstanding (including by sale of assets or additional financing) or pay additional interest on the Advances at a rate per annum equal to the floating rate index which the Administrative Agent reasonably determines to be generally applicable to secured financings and or collateralized loan 
 - 49- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 transactions on the relevant date of determination plus the spread over the Benchmark set forth in Section 2.08(a) hereof. 
 
 (b) If any Affected Party determines that any Change in Law regarding capital 
 or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Affected Party s capital or on the capital of Affected Party s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Advances made by such Affected Party to a level below that which such Affected Party or Affected Party s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Affected Party s policies and the policies of such Affected Party s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Affected Party such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Party or Affected Party s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 
 (c) A certificate of an Affected Party providing an explanation of the 
 applicable Change in Law and setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Affected Party or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.11 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. In determining any amount provided for in this Section 2.11 , the Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. The Borrower shall pay such Affected Party the amount shown as due on any such certificate on the Payment Date following receipt thereof. 
 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Affected Party to demand 
 compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall not constitute a waiver of any Affected Party s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate any Affected Party pursuant to this Section 2.11 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Affected Party notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Affected Party s intention to claim compensation therefor provided , further , that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the one hundred and eighty (180)-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 
 (e) In the event that any Affected Party shall incur any loss or expense 
 (including any loss or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Affected Party to make any purchase or loan or maintain any purchase or loan) as a result of any Advance not being made in accordance with a request therefor under Section 2.03 , then, on the Payment Date following written notice from such Affected Party to the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to such Affected Party, the amount of such loss or expense. Such written notice (which shall include calculations in reasonable detail) shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower. 
 
 Section 2.12. Taxes AML Compliance . 
 
 (a) Except as otherwise required by law or in connection with FATCA, all 
 payments made by or on account of an obligation of the Borrower to the Secured Parties under any Credit Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for 
 - 50- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 or on account of, any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges, now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto Taxes ). If any such Taxes are required to be withheld or deducted (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) by applicable law from any amounts payable hereunder, then (i) the Borrower or its agents shall make such deduction or withholding, (ii) the Borrower or its agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority, and (iii) if such Taxes are Non-Excluded Taxes, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any deduction or withholding on account of such Non-Excluded Taxes has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.12 the amount received by the applicable recipient equals an amount equal to the sum the recipient would have received had no such deduction or withholding for Non-Excluded Taxes been made. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority all Borrower Tax Obligations. As promptly as practicable after the payment of any Taxes or Borrower Tax Obligation by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.12 , the Borrower shall furnish to the Lenders, the Equityholder and the Administrative Agent a copy of an official receipt (or a certified copy thereof) evidencing the payment of such Taxes or Borrower Tax Obligation. The Borrower shall indemnify the Lenders and the Administrative Agent for any Non-Excluded Taxes (including Non-Excluded Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.12 and any Borrower Tax Obligation levied, imposed or assessed on, or withheld or deducted from a payment to (and whether or not paid directly by) the Lenders or the Administrative Agent and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes and Borrower Tax Obligation are correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority, promptly upon notice thereof by any Lender or the Administrative Agent. In addition, the Borrower shall, within ten (10) days after written demand by a Lender or the Administrative Agent, indemnify the Lenders and Administrative Agent for any incremental taxes that may become payable by a Lender or the Administrative Agent as a result of any failure of the Borrower to pay any Non-Excluded Taxes or Borrower Tax Obligations, when due to the appropriate Governmental Authority or to deliver to such Lender, Administrative Agent or Equityholder documentation evidencing the payment of the Non-Excluded Taxes or Borrower Tax Obligations in accordance with this Section 2.12(a) . A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The indemnity provided for herein shall survive the payment of all the Borrower s obligations to the Lenders under the Credit Documents and termination of the Credit Documents. 
 
 (b) If a Lender receives a refund in respect of any Non-Excluded Taxes or 
 Borrower Tax Obligations as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.12 , it shall within thirty (30) days from the date of such receipt pay over the amount of such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.12 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of the Lender and without interest (other than interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided that the Borrower, upon the request of a Lender, agrees to 
 - 51- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus penalties, interest or other charges) to that Lender in the event the Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.12(b) , in no event will a Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.12(b) the payment of which would place the applicable Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the applicable Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to the indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 2.12(b) shall not be construed to require any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 
 (c) If a Lender is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding 
 tax with respect to payments made under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, it shall deliver to the Borrower, at the time reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate provided that such Lender is legally entitled to complete, execute and deliver such documentation and in such Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Notwithstanding the above, (i) any Lender that is a United States person as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax, 
 (ii) any Lender that is not a United States person as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent), any of the following (A) with respect to payments of interest under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding tax pursuant to the interest article of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (B) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI or (C) (x) a certificate to the effect that such person is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding tax (including any other applicable attachments), (iii) any Lender that is not a United States person as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall, at the request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, and to the 
 - 52- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such person becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or reduction in U.S. federal withholding tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made, and (iv) each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall provide any information that is requested by the Borrower in connection with FATCA or by a Designated Subsidiary in connection with the Cayman FATCA Legislation or the Jersey FATCA Legislation, as applicable . 
 
 (d) Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to 
 the operation of Section 2.12(a) with respect to itself, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Advances affected by such event with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event provided that such designation is made on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending office(s) to suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided , further , that nothing in this Section 2.12(d) shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) . The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation. 
 
 (e) Reserved . 
 
 (f) The Borrower intends to treat, and each Lender agree to treat, the 
 Advances as debt of the Borrower, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and not to take any positions inconsistent with such positions unless otherwise required by law. 
 
 (g) Each Lender and Equityholder agrees to provide each Designated 
 Subsidiary (or its agent) with the information and documentation that may be required for any Designated Subsidiary to achieve AML Compliance and agrees that such Designated Subsidiary (or its agents) may share such information with (i) the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority if required by the Cayman AML Regulations or (ii) the Jersey Financial Services Commission if require d b y th e Jerse y AM L Regulations . 
 
 - 53- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Section 2.13. 
 
 (a) 

Increase in the Maximum Facility Amount . 
 
 Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, Event of Default 

or LTV Ratio Event, and subject to compliance with the terms of this Section 2.13 , upon notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, the Borrower may elect to request, at any time and from time to time prior to the Commitment Termination Date, to increase the amount set forth in clause (x) of the definition of Maximum Facility Amount (each such increase, shall be referred to herein as a Facility Increase ). 
 - 54- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (b) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . The following are conditions 
 precedent to such increase 
 
 (i) The Borrower shall, not later than the tenth (10 th Business Day prior to 
 the Facility Increase Date (or such shorter period reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a Facility Increase Request signed by the Borrower 
 
 (ii) The Facility Increase Request shall specify the date (the Facility Increase 
 Date on which the Borrower proposes that the Facility Increase is effective and any increase to the Maximum Limit or the Maximum Traded Portfolio Amount 
 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have consented to the 
 Facility Increase and the Facility Increase Date in its sole discretion, and after each Lender has received all necessary internal approvals in connection with such Facility Increase 
 
 (iv) On or prior to the Facility Increase Date, the Borrower shall have paid to 
 the Administrative Agent (A) any upfront fees as agreed upon by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (B) all other fees due and owing hereunder or under any other Credit Document and 
 
 (v) The Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any legal opinions or 
 other customary closing documents reasonably requested by Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 2.14. Ratable Payments . 
 
 If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) on account of Advances owing to it (other than pursuant to Section 2.11 or Section 2.12) in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of the Advances obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Advances owing to them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them provided that, if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (a) the amount of such Lender s required repayment to (b) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 - 55- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Section 3.01. 

Warranty Breach Assets 
 
 Repurchase or Substitution of Warranty Breach Assets . 

- 56- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (a) If on any day a Warehouse Asset is (or becomes) a Warranty Breach 
 Asset, no later than three (3) Business Days following the earlier of knowledge by the Borrower of such Warehouse Asset becoming a Warranty Breach Asset or receipt by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Warehouse Collateral Manager of written notice thereof, the Borrower shall either 
 
 (i) make a deposit to the Custodial Account (for allocation pursuant to the 
 Security Agreement) in immediately available funds in an amount equal to the sum of (x) 
 (i) the actual price paid by the Borrower for such Warehouse Asset, multiplied by (ii) the Outstanding Balance of such Warehouse Asset, plus (y) any accrued and unpaid interest on such Warehouse Asset (such price, the Repurchase Price provided that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to determine whether the amount so deposited is sufficient to satisfy the foregoing requirements or 
 
 (ii) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, in its sole 
 discretion, substitute for such Warranty Breach Asset a substitute Warehouse Asset (such Warehouse Asset, a Substitute Asset ). 
 
 (b) Upon confirmation of the deposit of the amounts set forth in Section 
 3.01(a)(i) into the Custodial Account or the delivery by the Borrower of a Substitute Asset for each Warranty Breach Asset pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii) (the date of such confirmation or delivery, the Release Date ), such Warranty Breach Asset shall be removed from the Collateral and, as applicable, the Substitute Asset shall be included in the Collateral. On the Release Date of each Warranty Breach Asset, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall automatically and without further action be deemed to release to the Borrower, without recourse, representation or warranty, all the right, title and interest and any Lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under the Warranty Breach Asset and all future monies due or to become due with respect thereto. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 - 57- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Section 4.01. 

Representations and Warranties Representations and Warranties of the Borrower . 

The Borrower, on behalf of itself and each other Borrower Party, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Equityholder, as of the date of this Agreement and the date of each Advance, and with respect to clause (i) and (j) , the date of any Approval Request, that 
 
 (a) Organization Powers . The Borrower is a limited liability company and 
 each Designated Subsidiary is an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands or a Jersey private company limited by shares , in each case, duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has the full corporate power and authority to own its assets, to enter into the Credit Documents and to perform the Transactions. 
 - 58- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (b) Authorization Enforceability . The Transactions have been duly 
 authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder action. The Credit Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower (and, if applicable, each other Borrower Party) and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the applicable Borrower Party, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 (c) Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not 
 require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation, in each case, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate (x) in the case of the Borrower, the LLC Agreement and (y) in the case of any Designated Subsidiary, the memorandum and articles of association or, in either case, any other organizational documents of any Borrower Party or any order of any Governmental Authority, (d) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon a Borrower Party or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by a Borrower Party and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of a Borrower Party (other than the Lien on such assets created by the Security Agreement). 
 
 (d) Financial Condition . As of the date of this Agreement, each Borrower 
 Party has no existing material liabilities or contingent obligations except under the Credit Documents. No Borrower Party has issued stock or other equity interests other than its ordinary shares or membership interests, as applicable. All of the Interests of the Borrower are held and beneficially owned by the Equityholder. Each Borrower Party has been formed solely for the purpose of engaging in transactions of the types contemplated by this Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activity other than the negotiation, execution and to the extent applicable, performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents and the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement. 
 
 (e) Litigation . No actions or proceedings at law or in equity are pending (or, 
 to its knowledge, threatened) against it before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency or official or any arbitrator that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (f) Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Each Borrower Party is in 
 compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (g) Investment Company Status . No Borrower Party is required to register as 
 an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 (h) Disclosure . Each Borrower Party has disclosed to the Administrative 
 Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and 
 - 59- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No reports, financial statements, certificates or other information have been furnished by or on behalf of a Borrower Party to the Administrative Agent in connection with the negotiation of the Credit Documents or delivered thereunder. 
 
 (i) No Defaults . No Default has occurred or is continuing with respect to such 
 Borrower Party. With respect to each Warehouse Asset, such Warehouse Asset is not a Defaulted Asset as of the date on which a Borrower Party entered into an irrevocable commitment to purchase it. 
 
 (j) Eligibility . With respect to each Warehouse Asset, as of the date on which 
 a Borrower Party entered into an irrevocable commitment to purchase it, such Warehouse Asset satisfies the Eligibility Criteria and the Concentration Limits set forth in Exhibit B. 
 
 (k) Valid Security Interest . With respect to each Warehouse Asset, as of the 
 date on which a Borrower Party entered into an irrevocable commitment to purchase it, the applicable governing documents do not prohibit the Granting and perfection of a first priority security interest in such Warehouse Asset. 
 
 (l) Borrower Sophistication . The Warehouse Collateral Manager (acting on 
 behalf of the Borrower Parties) is a sophisticated purchaser with respect to interests in the Warehouse Assets and none of the Lenders nor the Administrative Agent have given any investment, legal or other advice or rendered any opinion as to whether the purchase of any Warehouse Asset is prudent, and no Borrower Party is relying on any representation, warranty, investment, legal or other advice by any Lender or the Administrative Agent except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (m) Withholding Tax Forms . Except with respect to any Warehouse Assets 
 with respect to which the Borrower is entitled to a full gross-up from the obligor of such Warehouse Asset for any and all withholding taxes, the Borrower has completed and delivered, or the Warehouse Collateral Manager has completed and delivered on its behalf, to such parties as are necessary, such forms as are required of it by the documents governing such Warehouse Assets, the taxing authorities of the United States or other jurisdictions, if applicable, to establish that no payment or distribution under any documents governing such Warehouse Assets shall be subject to withholding taxes imposed by the taxing authorities of the United States or other jurisdictions, if applicable. If any Designated Subsidiary owns any Warehouse Asset, except with respect to any Warehouse Assets with respect to which such Designated Subsidiary is entitled to a full gross-up from the obligor of such Warehouse Asset for any and all withholding taxes, such Designated Subsidiary has completed and delivered, or the Warehouse Collateral Manager has completed and delivered on its behalf, to such parties as are necessary, such forms as are required of it by the documents governing such Warehouse Assets, the taxing authorities of the United States , Jersey or the Cayman Islands, or other jurisdictions, if applicable, to establish that no payment or distribution under any documents governing such Warehouse Assets shall be subject to withholding taxes imposed by the taxing authorities of the United States , Jersey or the Cayman Islands, or other jurisdictions, if applicable. 
 - 60- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (n) No Fiduciary Duty . Each Borrower Party acknowledges that none of the 
 Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of a Lenders Affiliates shall have any fiduciary duty, duty of loyalty, duty of care, duty of disclosure or other obligation whatsoever to any Borrower Party, the Equityholder or any of the Related Companies. 
 
 - 61- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (o) 
 
 (i) 

ERISA . 
 
 The present value of all benefits vested under each Pension Plan does not 

exceed the value of the assets of the Pension Plan allocable to such vested benefits (based on the value of such assets as of the last annual valuation date) determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding such Pension Plan pursuant to Sections 412 and 430 of the Code. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, that, in the aggregate, could subject a Borrower Party to any material tax, penalty or other liability. 
 
 (ii) Each Foreign Plan is in compliance in all material respects with its terms 
 and with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities. Except as could not, in the aggregate, subject a Borrower Party to any material tax, penalty or other liability (i) all contributions required to be made with respect to a Foreign Plan have been timely made (ii) no Borrower Party has incurred any obligations in connection with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Plan and (iii) the present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Foreign Plan, determined as of the end of such Borrower Party s most recently ended fiscal year on the basis of reasonable actuarial assumptions, did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Foreign Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities. 
 
 (iii) No Borrower Party (a) is a Benefit Plan Investor and (b) is a 
 governmental plan within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA Governmental Plan ), and no Borrower Party nor any transactions by or with any Borrower Party are subject to state statutes regulating investments of and fiduciary obligations with respect to Governmental Plans or to state statutes that impose prohibitions similar to those contained in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code Similar Law ). 
 
 (p) Value Given . The Borrower has given fair consideration and reasonably 
 equivalent value to the Equityholder in exchange for the purchase of the Warehouse Assets (or any number of them) from the Equityholder pursuant to the Sale Agreement. No such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by such Borrower Party and no such transfer is or may be voidable or subject to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 (q) Confirmation from Equityholder . The Borrower has received in writing 
 from the Equityholder confirmation that the Equityholder will not cause the Borrower to file a voluntary bankruptcy petition under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 - 62- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (r) Borrower LLC Agreement in Effect . The Borrower LLC Agreement 
 remains in full force and effect and there exists no breach of, default under, or threatened breach of, the Borrower LLC Agreement by the Borrower or the Equityholder. 
 
 (s) Acquisition of Collateral Loans from the Equityholder . Any acquisition of 
 Warehouse Assets by the Borrower from the Equityholder shall be effected pursuant to the Sale Agreement and subject in all respects to and the terms and conditions set forth therein and Section 7.04 . The Borrower shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, all collections to the Custodial Account by the close of business on the Business Day following the date such collections are received by a Borrower Party, the Equityholder, the Warehouse Collateral Manager or any of their respective Affiliates. 
 
 (t) Beneficial Ownership Certification . As of the Warehouse Closing Date, 
 the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 
 
 - 63- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (u) 
 
 (v) 

Anti-Terrorism OFAC Anti-Corruption . 
 
 No Borrower Party nor any of its Affiliates nor, to the knowledge of such 

Borrower Party, any Obligor (i) is a Person whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or is otherwise associated with any such Person in any manner violative of Section 2 of such executive order, or (iii) is a Person (1) designated on OFAC s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or otherwise the subject of any Sanctions or 
 (2) in violation of the limitations or prohibitions under any other Sanctions. 
 
 (ii) No Borrower Party nor any of its Affiliates (i) is a Politically Exposed 
 Person, immediate family member of a Politically Exposed Person or close associate of a Politically Exposed Person or (ii) a foreign shell bank. For purposes of the forgoing, foreign shell bank means a bank that does not maintain a physical presence in any country and is not subject to inspection by a banking authority. 
 
 (iii) No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used by a Borrower Party 
 or any of its Affiliates, or permitted to be used by any other Person (in each case, directly or indirectly including by an Obligor), (i) for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (ii) to fund or facilitate any money laundering or terrorist financing activities or business, or in any other manner that would cause or result in violation of applicable anti-money laundering laws, rules or regulations, including the Patriot Act, as amended (collectively, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or (iii) to fund any activities or business of or with any 
 - 64- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that would result in a violation by any Person of any Sanctions. 
 
 (iv) No Collateral or any portion thereof is or will consist of funds, assets or 
 other property or interests in property that is blocked or frozen pursuant to any Sanctions. 
 
 (v) Each Borrower Party acknowledges by executing this Agreement that the 
 Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) have notified the Borrower Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, each Lender is required to obtain, verify and record such information as may be necessary to identify the Borrower Party or any Person owning twenty-five percent (25 or more of the direct or indirect Equity Interests of such Borrower Party (including the name and address of such Person) in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 
 Section 4.02. Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder . 
 
 The Equityholder hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, as of the date of this Agreement and the date of each Advance, as follows 
 
 (a) Organization Powers . It is a statutory trust duly organized and validly 
 existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has the full power and authority to own its assets, to conduct its business and to enter into the Credit Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 (b) Authorization Enforceability . The Credit Documents to which it is a party 
 have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action on the part of the Equityholder. The Credit Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Equityholder, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 (c) Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The execution and performance 
 of the Credit Documents to which it is a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter or other organizational documents of the Equityholder or any order of any Governmental Authority and (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Equityholder or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower, in each case with respect to this clause (c), except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 - 65- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (d) Litigation . No actions or proceedings at law or in equity are pending (or, 
 to its knowledge, threatened) against it before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency or official or any arbitrator that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e) Compliance with Laws and Agreements . The Equityholder is in 
 compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (f) No Fiduciary Duty . The Equityholder acknowledges that none of the 
 Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Lender s Affiliates shall have any fiduciary duty, duty of loyalty, duty of care, duty of disclosure or other obligation whatsoever to any Borrower Party, the Equityholder or any of the Related Companies. 
 
 (g) No Default . No Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the 
 Equityholder or its obligations hereunder. 
 
 - 66- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (h) 
 
 (i) 

Anti-Terrorism OFAC Anti-Corruption . 
 
 None of the Equityholder nor any of its Affiliates nor, to the knowledge of 

the Equityholder, any Obligor (i) is a Person whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or is otherwise associated with any such Person in any manner violative of Section 2 of such executive order, or (iii) is a Person (1) designated on OFAC s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or otherwise the subject of any Sanctions or 
 (2) in violation of the limitations or prohibitions under any other Sanctions. 
 
 (ii) None of the Equityholder nor any of its Affiliates (i) is a Politically 
 Exposed Person, immediate family member of a Politically Exposed Person or close associate of a Politically Exposed Person or (ii) a foreign shell bank. For purposes of the forgoing, foreign shell bank means a bank that does not maintain a physical presence in any country and is not subject to inspection by a banking authority. 
 
 (iii) No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used by the Warehouse 
 Collateral Manager or any of its Affiliates, or permitted to be used by any other Person (in each case, directly or indirectly including by an Obligor), (i) for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (ii) to fund or facilitate any money laundering or terrorist financing activities or business, or in any other manner that would cause or result 
 - 67- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 in violation of applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws or (iii) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that would result in a violation by any Person of any Sanctions. 
 
 (iv) No Collateral or any portion thereof is or will consist of funds, assets or 
 other property or interests in property that is blocked or frozen pursuant to any Sanctions. 
 
 (v) The Equityholder acknowledges by executing this Agreement that Lenders 
 (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) have notified the Warehouse Collateral Manager that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, each Lender is required to obtain, verify and record such information as may be necessary to identify the Warehouse Collateral Manager or any Person owning twenty-five percent (25 or more of the direct or indirect Equity Interests of the Equityholder (including the name and address of such Person) in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 - 68- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Section 5.01. 

Conditions 
 
 Effective Date . This Agreement shall not become effective until 

the date (such date, the Effective Date that each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.02 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each 
 party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic mail transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate 
 of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each of the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Equityholder and any then-existing Designated Subsidiary, dated as of the Warehouse Closing Date, certifying (i) the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such Person authorized to sign on behalf of such Person the Credit Documents to which it is a party (on which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may conclusively rely until such time as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall receive from the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Equityholder or any then-existing Designated Subsidiary, as applicable, a revised certificate meeting the requirements of this paragraph (b)(i)), (ii) that the copy of the certificate of formation, certificate of trust, certificate of limited partnership, certificate of incorporation, articles of incorporation or articles of organization, as applicable, of such Person attached to such certificate is a complete and correct copy and that such certificate or articles, as applicable, have not been amended, modified or supplemented and is in full force and effect, (iii) that the copy of the bylaws, limited liability company agreement, trust agreement or limited partnership agreement, as applicable, of such Person attached to such certificate is a complete and correct copy, and that such bylaws, limited liability company agreement, trust agreement or limited partnership agreement, as applicable, has not been amended, modified or 
 - 69- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 supplemented and are in full force and effect, and (iv) that the copy of the resolutions of the board of directors, trustee or managers of such Person attached to such certificate, approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by such Person of the Credit Documents and the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement to which it is a party, is a complete and correct copy and such resolutions have not been amended, modified or supplemented and are in full force and effect. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a good 
 standing certificate, dated as of a recent date for each of the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Equityholder and each then-existing Designated Subsidiary, issued by the Secretary of State of such Person s State of formation, incorporation or organization, as applicable. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (or their counsel) shall 
 have received one or more favorable opinions of counsel to the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Warehouse Collateral Manager and each then-existing Designated Subsidiary acceptable to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent, with respect to such matters as the Administrative Agent may request (including an opinion, with respect to the first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral under the UCC laws of the State of New York, the due authorization, execution and delivery of, and enforceability of, the Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement, true sale and non-consolidation matters, and other matters). The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a favorable opinion of counsel to the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary, acceptable to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, covering enforceability of the Credit Documents to which each such Person is a party. 
 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and 
 certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of the Credit Documents, the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, the then-existing Designated Subsidiaries, the Equityholder, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, the Credit Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of the other Credit 
 Documents, each duly executed by each party thereto, together with evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and its counsel) that, upon the filing and recording of instruments delivered as of the Warehouse Closing Date, the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have a valid and perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral, including 
 (x) such documents duly executed by the Borrower, the then-existing Designated Subsidiaries or the Equityholder, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent may request with respect to the perfection of the Collateral Agent s first priority security interests in the Collateral (including financing statements under the UCC and other applicable documents under the laws of any jurisdiction with respect to the perfection of Liens created by the Collateral Documents) and (y) copies of UCC search reports as of a recent date listing all effective financing statements that name any Borrower Party as debtor, together with copies of such financing statements, none of 
 - 70- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 which shall cover the Collateral except for those filed in accordance with the Collateral Documents. 
 
 (g) The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent for the account 
 of the MS Lenders the Upfront Fee due and payable on the Warehouse Closing Date. 
 
 (h) At least three (3) days prior to the Warehouse Closing Date, the Borrower 
 shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification. 
 
 Section 5.02. Each Borrowing . The obligation of the Lenders to make an 
 Advance on the occasion of any Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions on and as of the date of such Borrowing 
 
 (a) The representations and warranties of each Borrower Party and the 
 Equityholder set forth in the Credit Documents and of the Warehouse Collateral Manager set forth in the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement shall be true and correct. 
 
 (b) The covenants of each Borrower Party and the Equityholder set forth in 
 the Credit Documents and of the Warehouse Collateral Manager set forth in the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement shall not have been breached. 
 
 (c) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no 
 Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received an Approval Request (if 
 applicable) and a Borrowing Request as set forth in Section 2.03 and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request, and the Administrative Agent shall have approved such Approval Request if the proceeds of such Borrowing are intended to purchase Warehouse Assets. 
 
 (e) Each Warehouse Asset to be acquired by the Borrower (or any Borrower 
 Party) satisfies the Eligibility Criteria and the Concentration Limits as of the trade date of the related Warehouse Asset. 
 
 (f) Each Equity Contribution has been made in accordance with Section 
 2.09(b)(ii) , and 100 of the cash that the Borrower has received from Equity Contributions shall have been (x) applied to purchase Warehouse Assets, (y) deposited into the Reserve Account and applied as set forth in Section 2.03(b) or (z) in the case of Equity Contributions other than the initial Equity Contribution, applied as otherwise permitted by Section 2.07(a) or Section 2.09(b)(i) . 
 
 - 71- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

have occurred. 
 (g) 

(h) 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Commitment Termination Date shall not 
 
 All terms and conditions of each Sale Agreement required to be satisfied 

in connection with the assignment of each Warehouse Asset on such date, including, the perfection of the applicable Borrower Party s interests therein, shall have been satisfied in full, and all filings (including, UCC filings) required to be made by any Person and all actions 
 - 72- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 required to be taken or performed by any Person in any jurisdiction to give the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, including such Warehouse Asset and the proceeds thereof shall have been made, taken or performed. 
 
 Each Borrowing Request shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower and the Equityholder on the date thereof as to (x) in the case of the Borrower, the matters specified in this Section 5.02 and (y) in the case of the Equityholder, the matters specified in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 5.02 . 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 - 73- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Section 6.01. 

Affirmative Covenants 
 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower . Until the occurrence of 

the Maturity Date and the payment in full of the Obligations, the Borrower (on behalf of itself and each other Borrower Party) covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Equityholder that 
 
 (a) Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will furnish or cause to be 
 furnished to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of the occurrence of any Default, any event resulting in a Warehouse Asset becoming a Defaulted Asset or any other development with respect to a Borrower Party or the Warehouse Assets of which it is aware that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (or, without limitation, any judgment against a Borrower Party). Each notice delivered under this Section 6.01(a) shall be accompanied by a statement of an officer of the Warehouse Collateral Manager setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 
 (b) Existence Conduct of Business . Each Borrower Party will do or cause to 
 be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business. Each Borrower Party shall at all times (i) maintain at least one (1) Independent Manager (ii) maintain its own separate books and records and bank accounts (iii) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity separate from the Equityholder and any other Person (iv) file its own tax returns, if any, as may be required under applicable law, to the extent it is not treated as a disregarded entity for Tax purposes from another taxpayer, and pay any Taxes so required to be paid under applicable law, except for those Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which the Borrower has established proper reserves on its books in accordance with GAAP (v) not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person (vi) conduct its business in its own name and strictly comply with all organizational formalities to maintain its separate existence (vii) maintain separate financial statements, except to the extent that the Borrower s financial and operating results are consolidated with those of the Equityholder in consolidated financial statements provided that appropriate notation shall be made on such consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of the Borrower from such Affiliate and to indicate that the Borrower s assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations of such Affiliate or any other 
 - 74- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Person (viii) pay liabilities out of its own funds (ix) maintain an arm s-length relationship with its Affiliates and not enter into any transaction with an Affiliate except on commercially reasonable terms similar to those available to unaffiliated parties in an arm s length transaction 
 (x) pay the salaries of its own employees, if any (xi) not hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others (xii) allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses for shared office space (xiii) to the extent used, use separate stationery, invoices and checks (xiv) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its assets as security for the obligations of any other Person (xv) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity (xvi) maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities and pay its operating expenses and liabilities from its own assets 
 (xvii) not acquire the obligations or any securities of its Affiliates (except as expressly contemplated in the Collateral Documents) and (xviii) cause the members, directors, officers, agents and other representatives of the Borrower Parties to act at all times with respect to such Borrower Party consistently and in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of such Borrower Party. 
 
 (c) Payment of Taxes . Each Borrower Party will duly and timely pay and 
 discharge all material taxes which might become a Lien upon any of its properties or assets except to the extent that such items are being in good faith appropriately contested and appropriate reserves are being set aside. 
 
 (d) Compliance with Laws . Each Borrower Party will comply with all laws, 
 rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e) Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will use the proceeds of each Advance 
 made pursuant to this Agreement to (x) settle purchased Warehouse Assets or (y) deposit into the Reserve Account to be applied as set forth in Section 2.03(b) . The Borrower will use any Equity Contribution Amount deposited in the Custodial Account only to (i) settle purchased Warehouse Assets, (ii) make a deposit into the Reserve Account to be applied as set forth in Section 2.03(b) or (iii) repay Advances. The Borrower shall cause all Warehouse Assets to be credited to, and all amounts received in respect of the Warehouse Assets to be deposited in, the Custodial Account provided , that at the written direction of the Borrower to the Collateral Agent and with the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, Warehouse Assets may be transferred or otherwise contributed to a Designated Subsidiary in anticipation of a Permitted CLO. In connection with the acquisition, ownership and Liquidation of the Warehouse Assets and the management of each Borrower Party s affairs and operations generally, each Borrower Party will comply (and use its best efforts to ensure that the Warehouse Collateral Manager acting on such Borrower Party s behalf complies) with all of the provisions set forth in Exhibit B hereto. The Borrower will deposit all Variation Margin Payments into the Variation Margin Account immediately upon receipt. 
 
 (f) Reserved . 
 
 (g) Sales and Repayments of Warehouse Assets . If any Warehouse Asset is 
 Liquidated by a Borrower Party or a Borrower Party receives any repayment of principal in 
 - 75- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 respect of any Warehouse Asset, the proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with Article VI of the Security Agreement. 
 
 (h) Amendments to Warehouse Assets . If a Borrower Party or the Warehouse 
 Collateral Manager receives any notice or other communication concerning any amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Warehouse Asset or any related underlying instrument or rights thereunder (other than, in each case, those that are technical or clerical in nature) (each, an Amendment ), or makes or is required to make any affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies thereunder, the Warehouse Collateral Manager will use its reasonable best efforts to give prompt notice thereof to the Administrative Agent. In any such event, the applicable Borrower Party may exercise all voting and other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise of such rights or remedies as directed by the Warehouse Collateral Manager provided that the applicable Borrower Party shall not exercise its voting or other powers of ownership relating to any Specified Matter without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (determined in its commercially reasonable good faith discretion) provided , further that if such vote, consent, right, remedy, action or inaction results in the asset no longer satisfying the Eligibility Criteria (determined by the Administrative Agent in its commercially reasonable judgment), then such asset shall be Liquidated as soon as reasonably practicable, unless such exercise of vote, consent, right, remedy, action or inaction is approved by the Administrative Agent, in writing, in its commercially reasonable good faith discretion. Specified Matter means any Amendment of a Warehouse Asset that (a) reduces the principal amount of such Warehouse Asset, (b) reduces the rate of interest or any fee payable on such Warehouse Asset, (c) postpones the due date of any scheduled payment or distribution in respect of such Warehouse Asset, (d) postpones the maturity date of such Warehouse Asset, (e) alters, in a manner adverse to the applicable Borrower Party, the pro rata allocation or sharing of payments or distributions required by any related underlying instrument, (f) releases any material guarantor of such Warehouse Asset from its obligations, (g) terminates or releases any lien or other security securing such Warehouse Asset, (h) changes any of the provisions of any such underlying instrument that has the effect of reducing the number or percentage of lenders required to effect any of the foregoing, or (i) makes less restrictive to the obligor any of the covenants related to the financial condition of the obligor, including, but not limited to, those related to the ratio of funded indebtedness to EBITDA, senior funded indebtedness to EBITDA, interest and fixed charge coverage ratios, minimum EBITDA, and maintenance of capital funds. 
 
 (i) Rule 17g-5 Compliance . Each Borrower Party (to the extent it will be a 
 CLO Issuer) has complied, and will comply, with all undertakings related to Rule 17g-5 made by it or on its behalf to each rating agency hired to provide the initial credit ratings on the applicable CLO Securities. 
 
 (j) Certain Tax Matters . (i) In connection with the acquisition, ownership and 
 Liquidation of the Warehouse Assets and the management of a Borrower Party s affairs and operations generally, each Borrower Party will comply (and use its best efforts to ensure that the Warehouse Collateral Manager acting on such Borrower Party s behalf complies) with all of the Operating Guidelines. 
 - 76- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (ii) The Borrower shall not elect to be treated other than as a disregarded 
 entity or a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 (k) Compliance with Legal Opinions . The Borrower shall take all other 
 actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual assumptions in all material respects set forth in the legal opinions of Dechert LLP, as special counsel to the Borrower, issued in connection with the Sale Agreement and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation and true sale of the Warehouse Assets. 
 
 (l) Notice of Breaches of Representations and Warranties under each Sale 
 Agreement . Each Borrower Party confirms and agrees that such Borrower Party will, upon receipt of notice or discovery thereof, promptly send to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent a notice of (i) any material breach of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant under a Sale Agreement or (ii) any event or occurrence that, upon notice, or upon the passage of time or both, would constitute such a material breach. 
 
 (m) Notice of ERISA Events . The Borrower shall promptly notify the 
 Administrative Agent and each Lender (i) in the event that a Lien is imposed on any asset of a Borrower Party with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (ii) in the event any ERISA Event occurs. 
 
 Section 6.02. Affirmative Covenants of the Equityholder . Until the occurrence of 
 the Maturity Date and the payment in full of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations), the Equityholder covenants and agrees with the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that 
 
 (a) Existence Conduct of Business . The Equityholder will do or cause to be 
 done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business. 
 
 (b) Compliance with Laws Litigation . The Equityholder will comply with all 
 laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Equityholder will promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any material litigation pending or threatened in writing against it. 
 
 (c) Priority of Interests . The parties hereto agree that amounts that may be 
 distributed to the Borrower or the Equityholder are fully subordinated and junior to the Obligations of the Borrower to the Secured Parties. The foregoing sentence and the provisions of the Security Agreement shall constitute a subordination agreement within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Borrower and the Equityholder hereby agree that they may only receive distributions from amounts available pursuant to the Security Agreement. 
 
 (d) No Amendment of Constituent Documents . The Equityholder will not take 
 or approve any action to amend the Certificate of Formation of the Borrower or the LLC Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 - 77- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (e) No Violation of Borrower Representations, Warranties and Covenants . 
 The Equityholder will take no action that will result in the material breach (or if such representation, warranty or covenant is already qualified by the words material , materially or Material Adverse Effect , then any breach) by the Borrower or any Designated Subsidiary of its representations, warranties or covenants under the Credit Documents or the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 Negative Covenants 
 
 Until the occurrence of the Maturity Date and the payment in full of the Obligations, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Equityholder that without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent may be withheld in the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrative Agent) 
 
 Section 7.01. Indebtedness . No Borrower Party will incur any liability or 
 contingent obligation (other than fees and expenses under an administration agreement with its administrator in its jurisdiction of incorporation), except as contemplated by the Credit Documents, and will not create any subsidiaries or have any other Affiliates other than any Designated Subsidiary and any subsidiary of a Designated Subsidiary formed to be a co-issuer in connection with a Permitted CLO. No Borrower Party will issue any preference shares or similar instruments other than the ordinary shares or common membership interests, as applicable, of such Borrower Party. 
 
 Section 7.02. Liens . No Borrower Party will create, incur, assume or permit to 
 exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except as contemplated by the Credit Documents. 
 
 Section 7.03. Fundamental Changes . Unless consented to by the Administrative 
 Agent, no Borrower Party will (i) merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, (ii) sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or any substantial part of its assets except in connection with the transfer or contribution of Warehouse Assets by the Borrower to a Designated Subsidiary, (iii) divide or permit any division of it or enter into a plan of division with respect to it or (iv) amend its certificate of formation, certificate of incorporation, LLC Agreement or memorandum and articles of association, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, in each case, except as contemplated by the Credit Documents and the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement. The Borrower shall not elect to be treated other than as a disregarded entity or a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Section 7.04. Purchase and Sale of Warehouse Assets . (a) The Borrower shall 
 not purchase or enter into any commitments to purchase any Warehouse Assets prior to the Effective Date, on or after the Commitment Termination Date or following the occurrence of a 
 - 78- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Default or an Event of Default. After the Effective Date, the Borrower shall not purchase or enter into any commitments to purchase any Warehouse Assets if the Aggregate Traded Amount would equal or exceed the Maximum Traded Portfolio Amount after giving effect to such purchase or commitment to purchase. 
 
 (b) The Borrower shall not purchase any Warehouse Asset on behalf of itself 
 or through any Designated Subsidiary without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.03(a) . The Borrower may transfer or contribute Warehouse Assets to a Designated Subsidiary in anticipation of a Permitted CLO and, if directed by the Warehouse Collateral Manager with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, cause the settlement of a Borrower Party s purchase of a Warehouse Asset into a Designated Subsidiary. The Borrower on behalf of itself or any Designated Subsidiary shall not enter into any commitment to acquire any Warehouse Assets on any date on which an LTV Ratio Event has occurred and is continuing. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the earlier of the occurrence of an Event of Default and the Maturity Date, a Borrower Party may, at the direction of the Warehouse Collateral Manager, sell Warehouse Assets without the consent of the Administrative Agent, but shall provide notice of any such sale as soon as reasonably practicable before (or, if not practicable, after) the trade date for each such sale provided that, on any date on which the LTV Ratio equals or exceeds the Maximum LTV Ratio, a Borrower Party may not sell any Warehouse Asset without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
 
 (c) The Borrower on behalf of itself or through any Designated Subsidiary 
 will not purchase any Warehouse Asset from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates with the proceeds of any Advance made by Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. in its capacity as a Lender provided that the unintentional violation of this provision shall not constitute an Event of Default so long as the Warehouse Collateral Manager, on behalf of a Borrower Party, uses commercially reasonable efforts to cancel any trade which it has actual knowledge would cause it to violate this covenant prior to the date of settlement of such trade. 
 
 (d) No Borrower Party shall acquire a Warehouse Asset from an Affiliate 
 other than (x) the Equityholder pursuant to the Sale Agreement and (y) by a Designated Subsidiary from the Borrower. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in any other 
 Collateral Document or the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement, except as set forth in Article III hereto, the Equityholder (or an Affiliate thereof) shall not reacquire from any Borrower Party and no Borrower Party shall transfer to the Equityholder or to Affiliates of the Equityholder, and none of the Equityholder nor any Affiliates thereof will have a right or ability to purchase, the Warehouse Assets of any Borrower Party without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, and any such transactions shall be at arm s-length and subject to the further conditions that (i) all such sales must be at a price for each Warehouse Asset at least equal to the fair market value of such Warehouse Asset and (ii) before and after giving effect to such sale, no LTV Ratio Event shall exist. Each determination of fair market value pursuant to this Section 7.04(e) shall be made by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in accordance with the standard set forth in the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement. 
 - 79- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (f) In the case of a sale of a Warehouse Asset to the Equityholder or an 
 Affiliate thereof, the Outstanding Balance of all Equityholder Warehouse Assets (other than Warranty Breach Assets) sold to the Equityholder or an Affiliate thereof in accordance with Section 7.04(e) , after giving effect to such sale, is not greater than 20 of the Equityholder Purchased Asset Balance provided that the Outstanding Balance of all Equityholder Warehouse Assets that are Defaulted Assets (other than Warranty Breach Assets) sold to Affiliates of the Equityholder pursuant to Section 7.04(e) , after giving effect to such sale, is not greater than 10 of the Equityholder Purchased Asset Balance. 
 
 Section 7.05. Separate Existence . 
 
 No Borrower Party shall take any action, or conduct its affairs in a manner, that is likely to result in its separate existence being ignored or in its assets and liabilities being substantively consolidated with any other Person in a bankruptcy, reorganization or other insolvency proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, (a) except for a Designated Subsidiary and any subsidiary of a Designated Subsidiary formed to be a co-issuer in connection with a Permitted CLO, a Borrower Party shall not have any subsidiaries without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and (b) no Borrower Party shall (i) (A) engage in any transaction with any shareholder that would constitute a conflict of interest or pay dividends provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit a Borrower Party from entering into the transactions contemplated by its administration agreement with its corporate administrator or (B) pay any amounts other than in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents, (ii) commingle its funds with those of any other Person or entity (iii) hold itself out as being liable for the debts of any other entity, nor agree to permit the Equityholder to hold itself out as liable for the debts of the Borrower (iv) guarantee any obligation of any Person, including any Affiliate (v) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions required or permitted to be performed under the Collateral Documents (vi) make or permit to remain outstanding any loan or advance to, or own or acquire any stock or securities of, any Person, except that the Borrower Parties may invest in those Warehouse Assets and other investments permitted under the Collateral Documents and may make any advance required or expressly permitted to be made pursuant to any provisions of the Collateral Documents and permit the same to remain outstanding in accordance with such provisions (vii) fail to pay its debts and liabilities from its assets when due (viii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, engage in any dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, merger, sale or other transfer of any of its assets outside the ordinary course of the Borrower s business other than such activities as are expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement or (ix) release, sell, transfer, convey or assign any Warehouse Asset unless in accordance with the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Section 7.06. Other Business . No Borrower Party will engage in any business, 
 undertake any activity or enter into any transaction other than the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents, or other such acts or transactions customarily undertaken or consummated in connection with the issuance of securities under a collateralized loan obligation transaction provided that a Borrower Party may enter into other agreements with MS&Co. or its Affiliates and neither such agreement nor the transactions contemplated thereby shall constitute a violation of this Section 7.06 specifically or this Article VII generally. 
 - 80- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Section 7.07. Restricted Junior Payments . No Borrower Party shall make any 
 Restricted Junior Payment, except that, so long as the Maturity Date has not been declared or automatically occurred and no Event of Default, Default or LTV Ratio Event has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, such Borrower Party may declare and make Restricted Junior Payments in accordance with the Security Agreement. Nothing herein shall restrict any Designated Subsidiary from effecting any dividend of Warehouse Assets or cash from such Designated Subsidiary to such Borrower Party, which such dividend shall not require the consent of the Administrative Agent or any other Person. 
 
 Section 7.08. Sale Agreement . No Borrower Party will amend, modify, waive or 
 terminate any provision of any Sale Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 7.09. ERISA Matters . No Borrower Party will (i) take, and will exercise 
 its best efforts not to permit any ERISA Affiliate to take, any action that could reasonably be expected to result in an ERISA Event that, in the aggregate, could subject such Borrower Party to any material tax, penalty or other liability, or (ii) take, and will exercise its best efforts not to permit any ERISA Affiliate to take, any action that could result in the imposition of a Lien on any asset of such Borrower Party with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan. No Borrower Party will become a Benefit Plan Investor. 
 
 Section 7.10. Requirements for Material Action . The Borrower shall not fail to 
 provide (and at all times the Borrower s organizational documents shall reflect) that the unanimous consent of all managers (including the consent of the Special Member(s)) is required for the Borrower to (i) file any insolvency, or reorganization case or proceeding, (ii) institute proceedings to have the Borrower be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (iii) institute proceedings under any applicable insolvency law, (iv) seek any relief under any law relating to relief from debts or the protection of debtors, (v) consent to the filing or institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the Borrower, (vi) file a petition seeking, or consent to, reorganization or relief with respect to the Borrower under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, (vii) seek or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, custodian, or any similar official of or for the Borrower, or a substantial part of its property, (viii) make any assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (ix) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or (x) take any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 
 Section 7.11. No Transfer of Interests . The Equityholder will not transfer any of 
 the Equity Interests of the Borrower nor permit any Equity Interests of the Borrower to be subject to a Lien. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 - 81- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Section 8.01. 

Events of Default Events of Default . 

- 82- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default 
 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay (i) any principal of any Advance and or (ii) 
 any Obligation payable to MS&Co., in each case, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise, except, solely in the case of clause (ii), where such failure results from an administrative or technical failure in the banking system unrelated to the Borrower and the amount in question is paid within three (3) Business Days of the relevant due date 
 
 (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance, any Unused 
 Fee or any other amount payable under any Credit Document when and as the same shall become due and payable, except where such failure results from an administrative or technical failure in the banking system unrelated to the Borrower and the amount in question is paid within three (3) Business Days of the relevant due date 
 
 (c) the LTV Ratio equals or exceeds 90.0 provided that with respect to 
 calculating the LTV Ratio for purposes of this Section 8.01(c) only, clause (ii)(c) of the definition of Designated Asset shall be disregarded 
 
 (d) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of 
 any Borrower Party or the Equityholder in or in connection with any Credit Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Credit Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made and (if such breach is capable of being cured) the Borrower Party or the Equityholder, as applicable, fails to cure such breach within twenty (20) Business Days after obtaining knowledge of or receiving written notice of such breach 
 
 (e) any Borrower Party or the Equityholder shall fail to observe or perform in 
 any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Credit Document (including the making of an Equity Contribution pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(iii) at the time directed by the Administrative Agent) and, except with respect to the making of Equity Contribution and any covenant contained in Article VII , such failure continues for twenty (20) Business Days after obtaining knowledge of or receiving written notice of such failure 
 
 (f) any material breach of the representations, warranties, covenants or 
 agreements of the Warehouse Collateral Manager occurs under the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement and (if such breach is capable of being cured) the Warehouse Collateral Manager fails to cure such breach within twenty (20) Business Days after obtaining knowledge of or receiving written notice of such breach 
 
 (g) reserved 
 
 (h) (i) any Borrower Party or, unless the Equityholder Condition is satisfied, 
 the Equityholder shall fail to make any payment on (x) any indebtedness (other than any payment that is required to be made to the Lenders under the Credit Documents) or (y) any guaranty obligation in respect of indebtedness of any other Person, and, in each case, such failure 
 - 83- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 relates to indebtedness having a principal amount of 1,000,000 or more, when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), (ii) any other default by any of a Borrower Party or, unless the Equityholder Condition is satisfied, the Equityholder under any agreement, contract, document or instrument relating to any such indebtedness or any other event shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such indebtedness or (iii) any such indebtedness is in fact declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid, redeemed, purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof, and, in each case with respect to the Equityholder, if an Equityholder Condition Cure Notice has been delivered, the Equityholder Condition is not satisfied within two (2) Business Days 
 
 (i) one or more judgments or orders (or other similar process) involving, in 
 the case of money judgments, an aggregate amount that exceeds 1,000,000, to the extent not covered by insurance, shall be rendered against one or more of any Borrower Party or, unless the Equityholder Condition is satisfied, the Equityholder, and, in each case with respect to the Equityholder, if an Equityholder Condition Cure Notice has been delivered, the Equityholder Condition is not satisfied within two (2) Business Days 
 
 (j) any material provision of any Credit Document or the Warehouse 
 Collateral Management Agreement after delivery thereof shall for any reason fail or cease to be valid and binding on, or enforceable against, any Borrower Party, the Warehouse Collateral Manager or the Equityholder, or any Borrower Party, the Warehouse Collateral Manager or the Equityholder shall so state in writing 
 
 (k) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail or cease to create a valid 
 and enforceable Lien on any Collateral purported to be covered thereby or, except as permitted by the Credit Documents, such Lien shall fail or cease to be a perfected and first priority Lien, or any Borrower Party or the Equityholder shall so state in writing 
 
 (l) (i) any Borrower Party or, unless the Equityholder Condition is satisfied, 
 the Equityholder shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (ii) any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Borrower Party or, unless the Equityholder Condition is satisfied, the Equityholder seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, examinership, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts, under any law, rule or regulation relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a custodian, receiver, examiner, trustee or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property provided , however , that, in the case of any such proceedings instituted against any Borrower Party or the Equityholder (but not instituted by any Borrower Party or the Equityholder), either such proceedings shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days or more or any action sought in such proceedings shall occur, or (iii) any Borrower Party or, unless the Equityholder Condition is satisfied, the Equityholder shall take any corporate action to authorize any action set forth in clauses (i) or ii above 
 - 84- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (m) any Change of Control shall occur 
 
 (n) a BDC Coverage Event has occurred and is continuing for two (2) 
 consecutive fiscal quarters of the Equityholder 
 
 (o) the PBGC shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA 
 with regard to any of the assets of the Borrower or the Equityholder 
 
 (p) the occurrence of an ERISA Event or 
 
 (q) (i) failure of the Borrower to maintain at least one Special Member, (ii) 
 the removal of any Special Member of the Borrower without cause (as such term is defined in the organizational document of the Borrower) or without giving prior written notice to the Administrative Agent or (iii) an Special Member of the Borrower which is not provided by a service listed on a list approved by the Administrative Agent of pre-approved nationally recognized services is appointed without the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 8.02. Remedies . During the continuance of an Event of Default (other 
 than an Event of Default described in Section 8.01(l) ), and at any time thereafter, the Administrative Agent may (or, at the direction of the Required Lenders, shall) by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and 
 (ii) declare the Advances then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Advances so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in Section 8.01(l) , the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Advances then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. In addition to the remedies set forth above, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Administrative Agent) may exercise any remedies provided for by the Collateral Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or any other remedies provided by applicable law (in each case subject to Section 4.7 of the Security Agreement), including, without limitation, rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. 
 
 The powers conferred on the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders hereunder are solely to protect their respective interests (and the interests of Lenders who do not constitute Required Lenders) in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Each Lender, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither it nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to the Borrower or any other Person for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 - 85- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Without limiting anything herein or the Security Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held, and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing, by the Administrative Agent, any such Lender or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of a Borrower Party or the Equityholder, as applicable, against any and all of the obligations of a Borrower Party or the Equityholder, as applicable, now or hereafter existing under this Agreement, any other Collateral Document or the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement to the Administrative Agent, any such Lender or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent, any such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement, any other Collateral Document or the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement and although such obligations of a Borrower Party or the Equityholder, as applicable, may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates under this section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that the Administrative Agent, any such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to notify the Borrower Parties and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 
 
 Section 9.01. The Administrative Agent 
 
 (a) The Lenders hereby appoint Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as the 
 Administrative Agent and authorize the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on their behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent will not receive a fee for its services hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall act solely as the agent of the Lenders and no Borrower Party nor any other Person shall be a third party beneficiary of the Administrative Agent s rights and duties under the Credit Documents. 
 
 (b) If applicable, the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and 
 powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with any Borrower Party as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except 
 those expressly set forth in the Credit Documents. Without limiting the generality of the 
 - 86- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers except as provided in the Credit Documents or as directed in writing by the Required Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Credit Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, or 
 (iii) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Credit Document or any other agreement, instrument or document. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent with due care provided that the Administrative Agent shall be liable for the acts of such sub-agents not appointed with due care. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates. The exculpatory provisions of this Section 9.01 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities as Administrative Agent. 
 
 Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding, in no event shall the Administrative Agent be liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if the Administrative Agent has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of the Administrative Agent, unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent was grossly negligent or engaged in willful misconduct in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 
 
 (d) Each Lender and each Secured Party acknowledges that it has, 
 independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into the applicable Credit Documents. Each Lender and each 
 - 87- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Secured Party also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon the applicable Credit Documents, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall not resign or assign its role as 
 Administrative Agent without the prior written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and may not be removed so long as Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. or its Affiliate is a Lender provided that the Administrative Agent may assign its role as Administrative Agent without the prior written consent of the Borrower or any other Person (x) to an Affiliate at any time and (y) if it is prohibited from acting as Administrative Agent by any law, regulation, rule or order of any Governmental Authority, to any other Person at any time upon the promulgation of such law, regulation, rule or order provided , further , that, if Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. or its Affiliate ceases to be a Lender, the Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent without further action by any Person. Upon any resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor, which successor must be a Lender or an Affiliate thereof. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor or assignee, such successor or assignee shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Credit Documents. After the Administrative Agent s resignation, assignment or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Section 9.01 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 9.02. The Collateral Agent 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby appoint U.S. Bank 
 Trust Company, National Association as the Collateral Agent and authorize the Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on their behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby direct and authorize the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Credit Documents to which the Collateral Agent is a party, to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Collateral Agent may have under such Credit Documents. The Collateral Agent shall act solely as the agent of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and neither the Borrower nor any other Person shall be a third party beneficiary of the Collateral Agent s rights and duties under the Credit Documents. 
 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall 
 have the sole and exclusive right and authority to (i) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders and the Administrative Agent with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection herewith and with the Collateral Documents, including, without limitation, apply the Available Amount and the Variation Margin Amount in accordance with Article VI of the 
 - 88- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Security Agreement, (ii) execute and deliver each Collateral Document to which it is a party and accept delivery of each such agreement delivered by any Borrower Party, the Equityholder or any Related Company, (iii) act as collateral agent for the Lenders and the Administrative Agent for purposes of the perfection of all security interests and Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes stated therein, provided , however , that the Lenders hereby appoint, authorize and direct the Administrative Agent and each of its Affiliates to act as collateral sub-agent for the Collateral Agent and the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of all security interests and Liens with respect to the Collateral, including the Custodial Account, the Variation Margin Account, the Reserve Account and any other deposit or securities accounts maintained by the Securities Intermediary and cash and Eligible Investments held by a Borrower Party or the Securities Intermediary on behalf of a Borrower Party, (iv) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, as directed by the Administrative Agent, (v) take such action, as directed by the Administrative Agent, as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the security interests and Liens created or purported to be created by the Collateral Documents and (vi) except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof or of any other Credit Document, exercise all remedies given to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders with respect to the Collateral under the Credit Documents relating thereto, applicable law or otherwise, as directed by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (c) The Collateral Agent may be removed or resign, and a successor 
 Collateral Agent may be appointed, as set forth in Section 5.7 of the Security Agreement. 
 
 (d) The Collateral Agent shall enjoy the same rights, protections, immunities 
 and indemnities granted to it under the Collateral Documents, including the Security Agreement, when acting hereunder. 
 
 (e) Nothing herein shall obligate the Collateral Agent to determine (i) if a 
 Warehouse Asset meets the criteria specified herein, (ii) if the conditions for the purchase of a Warehouse Asset or the requirements specified in the definition of Deliver have been complied with, (iii) the type, classification or Market Value of any Warehouse Asset or (iv) the classification or Domicile of an obligor, any such determination, in each case, being based exclusively upon notification the Collateral Agent receives from the Warehouse Collateral Manager. 
 
 Section 9.03. Return of Certain Payments 
 
 (a) Each Lender (and each Participant of any of the foregoing, by its 
 acceptance of a Participation) hereby acknowledges and agrees that if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds (or any portion thereof) received by such Lender (any of the foregoing, a Recipient from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Recipient (whether or not known to such Recipient) (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment and demands the return of such Payment, such Recipient shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment as to which such a demand was made. 
 - 89- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Recipient under this Section shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 (b) Without limitation of clause (a) above, each Recipient further 
 acknowledges and agrees that if such Recipient receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in an amount, or on a date different from the amount and or date specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice ), (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, or (z) that such Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), in each case, it understands and agrees at the time of receipt of such Payment that an error has been made (and that it is deemed to have knowledge of such error) with respect to such Payment. Each Recipient agrees that, in each such case, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made. 
 
 (c) Any Payment required to be returned by a Recipient under this Section 
 shall be made in same day funds in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the federal funds rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. Each Recipient hereby agrees that it shall not assert and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hereby waives, any right to retain such Payment, and any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment or similar right to any demand by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payment received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 
 (d) The Borrower hereby agrees that (x) in the event any Payment (or portion 
 thereof) is not recovered from any Recipient that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Recipient with respect to such amount and (y) the receipt by any Recipient of a Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed to such Recipient by the Borrower. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 Section 10.01. Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by electronic mail, as follows 
 - 90- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (i) if to the Borrower, to BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, c o Blackstone 
 Private Credit Fund, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, New York 10154, Attention Angelina Perkovic, Telephone (646) 525-5443, Email angelina.perkovic blackstone.com gsointralinks1 blackstone.com marc.sileo blacktone.com jana.douglas blackstone.com 
 
 (ii) if to the initial Lender to Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 201 South Main 
 Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111-2215, with copies to (i) Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., 1300 Thames Street, Thames Street Wharf, Baltimore, Maryland 21231, Attention CLO Team, email cloteam morganstanley.com , and (ii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036, Attention CLO Desk, e-mail SPG_CF_CLOWarehouse morganstanley.com or as otherwise specified in Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2 
 
 (iii) if to the Collateral Agent, to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National 
 Association, One Federal Street, Third Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02110, Attention Global Corporate Trust Lynora Caulfield, Reference BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, email lynora.caulfield usbank.com, BCRED.Maroon.Pk.Fd.LLC usbank.com 
 
 (iv) if to the Warehouse Collateral Manager, to Blackstone Private Credit 
 Fund, 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, New York 10154, Attention Angelina Perkovic, Telephone (646) 525-5443, Email angelina.perkovic blackstone.com gsointralinks1 blackstone.com marc.sileo blacktone.com jana.douglas blackstone.com 
 
 (v) if to the Administrative Agent to Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., 
 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036, Attention CLO Desk, e-mail SPG_CF_CLOWarehouse morganstanley.com or as otherwise specified in Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2 
 
 (vi) if to the Equityholder, then to Blackstone Private Credit Fund, 345 Park 
 Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, New York 10154, Attention Angelina Perkovic, Telephone (646) 525-5443, Email angelina.perkovic blackstone.com gsointralinks1 blackstone.com marc.sileo blacktone.com jana.douglas blackstone.com 
 
 (vii) if to a Designated Subsidiary, then to the address set forth in the 
 Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement and 
 
 (viii) if to Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, then to 161 Bay St. 
 Brookfield Place, Toronto, ON N5J 2S8, Canada or as otherwise specified in Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2 . 
 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent hereunder 
 may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent. 
 - 91- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (c) Any party hereto may change its mailing address or electronic mail 
 address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. 
 
 Section 10.02. Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by any Lender or the Administrative Agent in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of an Advance shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 
 (b) Subject to Sections 2.08(g) , (h) and (i) , neither this Agreement nor any 
 provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by (i) the Borrower Parties and the Administrative Agent and 
 (ii) with respect to any Material Modification, each Lender (except to the extent sent forth in the definition of such term), and if any amendment or modification would increase the obligations or decrease the rights of the Equityholder or the Warehouse Collateral Manager hereunder, the Equityholder or the Warehouse Collateral Manager, as applicable, shall have consented in writing thereto, and if any amendment or modification would materially and adversely affect the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall have consented in writing thereto provided that the definition of the term Maximum Facility Amount may be amended pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and to the extent constituting a Material Modification, each Lender (except to the extent set forth in the definition of such term). 
 
 Section 10.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . Subject always to Section 10.11 (a) The Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (other than Taxes, which are exclusively addressed in Section 2.12 incurred by the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Administrative Agent or any Lender for which the party incurring such expense shall have provided notice to the Borrower, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Administrative Agent or any Lender for which the party incurring such expense shall have provided notice to the Borrower, incurred in connection with (x) the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, syndication, renewal, amendment or modification of, any waiver or consent issued in connection with, this Agreement, the Credit Documents and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, including, the fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary with respect thereto and with respect to 
 - 92- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 advising the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, and (y) the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with any Credit Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Advances made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances. 
 
 (b) The Borrower Parties shall indemnify the Collateral Agent, the Securities 
 Intermediary, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee Losses (for the avoidance of doubt, computed by taking into account provisions of Section 10.03(f) ), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of 
 (i) the negotiation, execution or delivery of the Credit Documents, any amendment thereof or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, any action or inaction taken in connection therewith, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations or the exercise or enforcement of the parties thereto of their respective rights or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. Other than with respect to the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary, this Section 10.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent Losses arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 
 (c) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not (and 
 shall not cause any other Borrower Party to) assert, and hereby waives (on behalf of all Borrower Parties), any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, the Credit Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated by any Credit Document, the Transactions, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 
 - 93- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (d) demand therefor. 
 
 (e) 

All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written 
 
 The Securities Intermediary is an intended third party beneficiary of this 

Section 10.03 . 

(f) 

All indemnification payments for Losses made pursuant to this Article X 

shall be made on an after-tax basis. Accordingly, in determining the amount of any indemnification payment for a Loss suffered or incurred by an Indemnitee hereunder, the amount of such Loss shall be (i) increased to take into account any additional tax cost incurred by the 
 - 94- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Indemnitee arising from the receipt of indemnification payments hereunder Tax Costs and 
 (ii) decreased to take into account any deduction, credit or other tax benefit actually realized by the Indemnitee with respect to such Loss (the Tax Benefits ). In computing the amount of any such Tax Costs or Tax Benefits, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to recognize all other items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit before recognizing any item arising from the receipt of any indemnification payment hereunder or the incurrence or payment of any indemnified Losses. 
 
 Section 10.04. Binding Power of the Credit Documents Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) The provisions of each Credit Document shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, the Equityholder, the Warehouse Collateral Manager, and their respective successors and assigns permitted under such Credit Document. 
 
 (b) Neither the Borrower nor the Equityholder may assign or otherwise 
 transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (which consent of each Lender shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower or the Equityholder without such consent shall be null and void. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, Participants and the Related Parties of the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. After the formation of any Designated Subsidiary and prior to the effective transfer or contribution of any Warehouse Assets to such Designated Subsidiary, the Borrower shall cause such Designated Subsidiary to execute a Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement and deliver such Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement to each of the Borrower and the Collateral Agent. 
 
 (c) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (c)(ii) below, any 
 Lender may, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent but without the consent of any other Person, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it) with notice to the Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Equityholder (unless such assignment is to an Affiliate of the Lender, in which case no notice shall be required) provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for any such assignment by the Lender if (x) a Default or an Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, (y) the Lender has determined that such assignment is required to avoid an anticipated or expected violation of any rule or regulation to which the Lender is subject or (z) such assignment is to a Lender hereunder or an Affiliate thereof. Any attempted assignment by a Lender that does not comply with the requirements of this clause (c) shall be null and void. 
 
 (ii) Assignments pursuant to this Section 10.04(c) shall be subject to the 
 following additional conditions 
 
 (A) except to the extent set forth in clause (B) below, each partial 
 assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all of the Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 - 95- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (B) (i) if an assignment is to an Affiliate of a Lender (such assignment, 
 an Affiliate Assignment ), such Lender may assign to its Affiliate its obligation to make one or more specified Advances to be used for the purchase of specified Warehouse Assets and the related right to receive payments of principal, interest, fees and any other amounts in respect of such Advance without the assignment of any other rights or obligations of such Lender hereunder provided that such assignment is made on or prior to the time of the funding of the applicable Advance and (ii) if an assignment is made pursuant to Section 2.01(d) , such assignment may be for all or any portion of the outstanding Advances made by the assigning Lender and or all or a portion of the remaining Commitments of such Lender (together with the related rights and obligations) and 
 
 (C) the assignee and the Lender shall execute and deliver an 
 assignment and assumption agreement substantially in the form of Schedule 4 . 
 
 (iii) From and after the effective date specified in each assignment and 
 assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment and assumption covering all of the Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, the Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.03 provided , that no assignee shall be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to Section 2.12(a) than that to which the assignor would have been entitled to receive had no such assignment occurred. Upon the occurrence of an assignment and assumption to an assignee other than an Affiliate of the initial Lender hereunder, the assignee shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the effectiveness of such assignment and assumption, provide to the Collateral Agent in writing (including via email) wiring instructions for payments to such assignee in a form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, and all information requested by the Collateral Agent that may be necessary for the Collateral Agent to perform customary know your customer and anti-money laundering procedures with respect to such assignee, which may be in addition to any know your customer and anti-money laundering procedures the Administrative Agent is required to perform. For the avoidance of doubt, it shall be the responsibility of each Lender to ensure that the Collateral Agent timely receives accurate wire instructions for such Lender in a form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and to update the Collateral Agent of any changes to such wire instructions in writing and each Lender further acknowledges that the Collateral Agent is entitled to the protections all of the rights, privileges, immunities, protections and indemnities granted to it under Credit Documents. 
 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, as agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one 
 of its offices a copy of each assignment and assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Advances owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and 
 - 96- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 the parties hereto may treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Lender and the Warehouse Collateral Manager, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed assignment and assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Advances or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitment, Advance or its other obligations) to any person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Advance or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 
 (d) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Warehouse Collateral 
 Manager or any other Person sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant in all or a portion of the Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Advance owing to it) or enter into a derivative or similar transaction having an effect similar to a participation. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.11 and Section 2.12 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.12(c) and Section 2.12(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.12(c) and Section 2.12(g) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.04(c) . A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.11 and Section 2.12 , with respect to a participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. 
 
 (e) Without the consent of any party, each Lender may at any time pledge or 
 assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of the Lender, and this Section 10.04(e) shall not apply to or limit any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release the Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for the Lender as a party hereto. 
 - 97- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Section 10.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower (on behalf of itself and each other Borrower Party) and the Equityholder herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Advances, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or a Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Advance or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid. The provisions of Sections 2.12 , 10.03 and 10.11 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Advances, the resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 
 Section 10.06. Counterparts Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 10.07. Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 10.08. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 
 
 (b) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
 submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that any party hereto may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against any other party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 - 98- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (c) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
 waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 10.08 . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in 
 the manner provided for notices in Section 10.01 . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 
 Section 10.09. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 
 Section 10.10. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 
 Section 10.11. Limited Recourse No Petition . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of any Credit Document against any officer, director, employee, shareholder or incorporator of any Borrower Party or their respective successors or assigns. All Obligations (including, but not limited to, the payment of principal, interest and any amount payable by way of indemnity) shall constitute limited recourse obligations of the Borrower Parties payable solely from the assets of the applicable Borrower Party (which assets shall not include, for the avoidance of doubt, (x) with respect to any Designated Subsidiary, (a) the sum of U.S. 250 representing the proceeds of the Designated Subsidiary s issued ordinary share capital, (b) the sum of U.S. 250 representing the transaction fees payable to the Designated Subsidiary for entering into the Designated Subsidiary Joinder Agreement or (c) the bank account in the Cayman Islands or Jersey, as applicable, in which the money described in clauses (a) and (b) is held and any interest thereon and (y) with respect to the Borrower, the funds attributable to the issuance of the membership interests in any Borrower Parties (collectively, Excepted Assets )) available for the payment of such obligations pursuant to the terms of the Credit Documents. Except as expressly set forth in Section 10.05 , a Borrower Party s obligations shall be extinguished upon payment of such obligations as provided in Article II and the Security Agreement, and no further claim shall be made against a Borrower Party in respect of any shortfall after the extinction of such obligations. 
 - 99- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 The Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Equityholder hereby agree not to commence, or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of a Borrower Party or any similar proceedings until at least one year (or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect) plus one day, after (A) if CLO Securities are not issued, the liquidation of all Warehouse Assets purchased in accordance with the Credit Agreement and (B) if CLO Securities are issued, payment in full of all CLO Securities issued under all indentures relating to such CLO Securities provided , however , that nothing in this clause shall preclude, or be deemed to estop, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (A) from taking any action prior to the expiration of the applicable preference period in (x) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by a Borrower Party, or (y) any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced against a Borrower Party by a Person other than the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, respectively, or (B) from commencing against a Borrower Party or any properties of such Borrower Party any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding. 
 
 The foregoing restrictions are a material inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and the other applicable transaction documents and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or a Borrower Party may seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings, or other similar proceedings under Cayman Islands law, Jersey law, United States federal or state bankruptcy law or similar laws. 
 
 The Borrower (on behalf of itself and each other Borrower Party) shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, promptly object to the institution of any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings, or other similar proceedings under Jersey law, Cayman Islands law, United States federal or state bankruptcy law or similar laws against a Borrower Party and take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal of any such proceeding provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. 
 
 Section 10.12. Confidentiality . 
 
 The parties hereto agree that the existence and terms of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement and any information relating thereto (including, without limitation, pricing terms, portfolio information and models or other reports, whether oral or written) (collectively, the Confidential Information shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed, directly or indirectly, to any other person except to the respective employees, directors, auditors, accountants, counsel and other advisors of the parties hereto that are directly involved in the considerations of the matters set forth herein and have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing (i) any party may disclose the Confidential Information if it (x) has the prior written consent of the disclosing party, (y) is required to do so by interrogatory, request for information or documents, subpoena, deposition, civil investigative demand or other process in any judicial or administrative proceeding or is otherwise required to do so by applicable law, rule or regulation 
 - 100- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (including, without limitation, disclosures which the recipient determines are required or advisable under applicable federal securities or banking laws, rules or regulations) or (z) is requested to do so by any government regulatory or self-regulatory authority (ii) the Confidential Information will not include any of the following (A) information which was already in the possession of the recipient prior to its receipt from the disclosing party (B) information which is obtained by the recipient from a third party who is not otherwise known by the recipient to be prohibited from transmitting the information to the recipient by a confidentiality agreement (C) information which is independently developed by the recipient and (D) information which is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of disclosure by the recipient and (iii) any party and its representatives may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind from the commencement of discussions, the U.S. federal and state income tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the Warehouse Collateral Management Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to tax treatment and tax structure. For this purpose, tax structure is limited to facts relevant to the 
 U.S. federal and state income tax treatment of the transactions described above and does not include information relating to the identities of the parties, their affiliates, agents or advisors. 
 
 Section 10.13. Entire Agreement . 
 
 This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. Moreover, the parties to this Agreement waive reliance on any representation made by any other party, whether orally or in writing, prior to the execution of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 10.14. Characterization of Conveyances Pursuant to each Sale 
 - 101- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Agreement . 

(a) 

It is the express intent of the parties hereto that the conveyance of the 

Warehouse Assets by the Equityholder to the Borrower and the Borrower to a Designated Subsidiary, as applicable, as contemplated by the applicable Sale Agreement be, and be treated for all purposes as, a sale by the Equityholder or the Borrower, as applicable, of such Warehouse Assets. It is, further, not the intention of the parties that such conveyance be deemed a pledge of the Warehouse Assets by the Equityholder or Borrower, as applicable, to the Borrower or a Designated Subsidiary, as applicable, to secure a debt or other obligation of the Equityholder or the Borrower, as applicable. However, in the event that, notwithstanding the intent of the parties, the Warehouse Assets are held to continue to be property of the Equityholder or the Borrower, as applicable, then the parties hereto agree that (i) the applicable Sale Agreement shall also be deemed to be a security agreement under applicable law (ii) as set forth in such Sale Agreement, the transfer of the Warehouse Assets provided for in such Sale Agreement shall be deemed to be a grant by the Equityholder or the Borrower, as applicable, to the Borrower or the applicable Designated Subsidiary of a first priority security interest in all of the Equityholder s or Borrower s, as applicable, right, title and interest in and to the Warehouse 
 - 102- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Assets and all amounts payable to the holders of the Warehouse Assets in accordance with the terms thereof and all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of the foregoing into cash, instruments, securities or other property, including, all amounts from time to time held or invested in the Accounts, whether in the form of cash, instruments, securities or other property 
 (iii) the possession by a Borrower Party of Warehouse Assets and such other items of property as constitute instruments, money, negotiable documents or chattel paper shall be, subject to clause 
 (iv) below, for purposes of perfecting the security interest pursuant to the UCC and (iv) acknowledgements from Persons holding such property shall be deemed acknowledgements from custodians, bailees or agents (as applicable) of the applicable Borrower Party for the purpose of perfecting such security interest under applicable law. The parties further agree that any assignment of the interest of a Borrower Party pursuant to any provision hereof shall also be deemed to be an assignment of any security interest created pursuant to the terms of the applicable Sale Agreement. Each Borrower Party shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement and the other Collateral Documents, take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that, if a Sale Agreement was deemed to create a security interest in the Warehouse Assets, such security interest would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority under applicable law and will be maintained as such throughout the term of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) It is the intention of each of the parties hereto that the Warehouse Assets 
 conveyed by the Equityholder to the Borrower or the Borrower to a Designated Subsidiary, as applicable, pursuant to a Sale Agreement shall constitute assets owned by the Borrower or such Designated Subsidiary, as applicable, and shall not be part of the Equityholder s or Borrower s, as applicable, estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against the Equityholder or Borrower, as applicable, under any bankruptcy or similar law. 
 
 (c) Each Borrower Party agrees to treat, and shall cause the Equityholder and 
 the Borrower, as applicable, to treat, for all purposes, the transactions effected by a Sale Agreement as sales of assets to the Borrower. Each Borrower Party and the Warehouse Collateral Manager each hereby agree to cause the Equityholder to reflect in the Equityholder s financial records and to include a note in the publicly filed annual and quarterly financial statements of the Equityholder indicating that assets sold to a Borrower Party under a Sale Agreement are owned by such Borrower Party that is consolidated in the Equityholder s financial statements, the creditors of such Borrower Party have received security interests in such assets and such assets are not intended to be available to the creditors of the Equityholder (or any other affiliate of the Equityholder). 

- 81- 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC, as 
 Borrower 

By Name 
 Title 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender 

By Name 
 Title 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, 
 INC. as Administrative Agent 

By Name 
 Title 
 
 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By 
 Name Title 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent 

By Name 
 Title 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Acknowledged and agreed 
 
 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, 
 as Warehouse Collateral Manager 

By Name 
 Title 
 USActive 55697678.9 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 EXHIBIT A-1 
 
 FORM OF APPROVAL REQUEST 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 1585 Broadway 
 New York, New York 10036 Attention CLO Desk 
 
 cc Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 201 South Main Street 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111-2215 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 1300 Thames Street Thames Stre 

et Wharf Baltimore, Maryland 21231 Attention CLO Team 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 161 Bay St. Brookfield Place 
 Toronto, On N5J 

A-1- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 2S8 Canada 
 
 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 1585 Broadway 
 New York, New York 10036 Attention CLO Desk 
 email clowarehouseapprovals morganstanley.com 

date 

A-1- 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC c o Blackstone Private Credit Fund 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor 
 New York, New York 10154 Attention Angelina Perkovic Telephone (646) 525-5443 
 Email angelina.perkovic blackstone.com gsointralinks1 blackstone.com marc.sileo blacktone.com jana.douglas blackstone.com 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021 (as amended from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National 
 A-1- 3 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Association, as collateral agent, each of the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as equityholder. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, you are hereby notified that the Borrower hereby requests consent to acquire the proposed Warehouse Asset set forth below. 
 
 Obligation Obligor Guarantor Tranche CUSIP 
 (if any) 
 Par Spread Price 
 Maturity Purchased Interest 
 Ratings Industry Collateral 
 
 The Borrower Party for which the Warehouse Asset is being purchased is 
 . 
 
 In connection with the purchase of each Warehouse Asset, the Borrower certifies 
 A-1- 4 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 that 

(a) 

to the best of its knowledge, such Warehouse Asset is not a Defaulted 

Asset at this time and 
 
 (b) such Warehouse Asset satisfies the Eligibility Criteria and the 
 Concentration Limits. 

Very truly yours, 
 
 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 
 as Warehouse Collateral Manager of the Borrower 

By Name 
 Title 
 A-1- 5 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 EXHIBIT A-2 
 
 FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 1585 Broadway 
 New York, New York 10036 Attention CLO Desk 
 
 cc Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 201 South Main Street 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111-2215 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, 

N.A. 1300 Thames Street Thames Street Wharf Baltimore, Maryland 21231 Atten 

A-2- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 tion CLO Team 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 161 Bay St. Brookfield Place 
 Toronto, On N5J 2S8 Canada 
 
 Morgan Stanley 

& Co. LLC 1585 Broadway 
 New York, New York 10036 Attention CLO Desk 
 email clowarehouseborrowing morganstanley.com 

A-2- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

date 

A-2- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

U.S. Bank Trus t Comp any , National Association One Federal Street, Third Floor 
 Boston, Massachusetts 02110 
 Email lynora.caulfield usbank.com, BCRED.Maroon.Pk.Fd.LLC usbank.com Attention Global Corporate Trust Lynora Caulfield 
 Reference BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 
 
 BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC c o Blackstone Private Credit Fund 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor 
 New York, New York 10154 Attention Angelina Perkovic Telephone (646) 525-5443 
 A-2- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Email angelina.perkovic blackstone.com gsointralinks1 blackstone.com marc.sileo blacktone.com jana.douglas blackstone.com 
 
 Blackstone Private Credit Fund 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor New York, New York 10154 Attention Angelina Perkovic Telephone (646) 525-5443 
 Email angelina.perkovic blackstone.com gsointralinks1 blackstone.com marc.sileo blacktone.com jana.douglas blackstone.com 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021 (as amended from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, each of the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as equityholder. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, you are hereby notified of the following 
 
 (1) The Borrower hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, 
 to be funded on date . 
 
 (2) The aggregate amount of the Borrowing requested hereby is amount and 
 the aggregate principal amount of Advances requested from each Lender hereby is (a) with respect to Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., and (b) with respect to , (such amounts with respect to each Lender constituting such Lender s pro rata share of such Borrowing, determined in accordance with the Credit Agreement). 
 
 (3) The Borrower Party for which the Warehouse Asset is being purchased is 
 . 
 
 The proceeds of the Borrowing will be applied to purchase the following Warehouse Assets (or, in respect of a Warehouse Asset constituting a Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligation or Revolving Obligation, will be applied to the funding of the Reserve Account pursuant to Section 2.03(b) of the Credit Agreement) 
 
 Purchased from the Administrative Agent or one of its Affiliates 
 
 Obligation Obligor Guarantor Tranche CUSIP 
 (if any) 
 Par Spread Price 
 Maturity Purchased Interest 
 Ratings Industry Collateral 
 A-2- 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Purchased from sellers other than the Administrative Agent or one of its Affiliates 
 
 Obligation Obligor Guarantor Tranche CUSIP 
 (if any) 
 Par Spread Price 
 Maturity Purchased Interest 
 Ratings Industry Collateral 
 
 A-2- 3 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (4) 
 certifies that 

In connection with the purchase of each Warehouse Asset, the Borrower 

(a) to the best of its knowledge, such Warehouse Asset is not a Defaulted Asset at this time and 
 
 (b) at the time the trade for such Warehouse Asset was entered into, such Warehouse Asset satisfied the Eligibility Criteria and the Concentration Limits (and each of the foregoing continued to be satisfied immediately after giving effect to such trade). 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 
 as Warehouse Collateral Manager of the Borrower 

By Name 
 Title 
 A-2- 4 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 

EXHIBIT B INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS 

B- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Each Warehouse Asset pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Credit Documents shall, on the date on which the Borrower enters into an irrevocable commitment to acquire such Warehouse Asset, satisfy the following eligibility criteria (the Eligibility Criteria unless expressly waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
 
 General 
 
 1. Such Warehouse Asset is a debt obligation that is a Loan, a Senior Secured Bond or a Senior Secured Note and is not a High Yield Bond, a Synthetic Security or a Structured Finance Security or another security (including, without limitation, an obligation that includes attached equity warrants or similar instruments and an obligation that is convertible into or exchangeable for an equity security) 
 
 2. If such Warehouse Asset is a participation interest in a Loan, such participation interest constitutes a 100 undivided participation interest and the selling institution is rated A3 or above by Moody s Investor s Service, Inc. Moody s and A- or above by S&P Global Ratings, an S&P Global business S&P 
 
 3. Except for Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligations and Revolving Obligations, such Warehouse Asset does not require or contemplate the making of any future advance or payment by the Borrower to the issuer thereof or any related counterparty 
 
 4. Such Warehouse Asset will not consist of a debt obligation of a single obligor where the total potential indebtedness of such obligor under all of its loan agreements, indentures and other underlying instruments is less than 125,000,000 
 
 5. The governing documents with respect to such Warehouse Asset do not prohibit the Granting and perfection of a first priority security interest in such Warehouse Asset to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement 
 
 6. Such Warehouse Asset is denominated and payable in U.S. Dollars 
 
 7. Such Warehouse Asset does not constitute margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board 
 B- 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 8. Such Warehouse Asset has an explicit rating (either a public rating, a private rating or a requested shadow rating) from Moody s or S provided that (i) up to 10 of the Maximum Limit may consist of obligations having a Moody s Derived Rating and (ii) up to 10 of the Maximum Limit may consist of Warehouse Assets with S&P ratings derived from a Moody s rating, in each case, determined in accordance with Schedule 3 
 
 9. Such Warehouse Asset is acquired at a price of at least 80 of par provided that, if such Warehouse Asset is a CCC Asset or a Caa Asset, such Warehouse Asset is acquired at a price of at least 90 of par 
 
 10. Such Warehouse Asset (i) is not in default in accordance with its terms (including the terms of its underlying instruments) (and no obligation of the obligor thereon ranking pari passu with such Warehouse Asset is in default in accordance with its terms), (ii) is not a Defaulted Asset and (iii) in the Warehouse Collateral Manager s reasonable commercial judgment, does not have a significant risk of declining in credit quality or price unrelated to general market conditions 
 
 11. Such Warehouse Asset has an original term to maturity of not greater than eight (8) years. 
 
 12. The timely repayment of such Warehouse Asset is not subject to substantial non-credit risk as determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole and conclusive judgment 
 
 13. Such Warehouse Asset is not actually known to the Warehouse Collateral Manager to be the subject of an offer or exchange or tender by its issuer, or by any other person, for cash, securities, or any other type of consideration or with respect to which the obligor has delivered a notice of optional redemption prior to its stated maturity 
 
 14. No payments received by the Borrower with respect to such Warehouse Asset are subject to withholding tax (other than withholding taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA) unless the related obligor is required to make gross up payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding tax on an after tax basis (for the avoidance of doubt, this clause shall not apply to commitment fees and other similar fees relating to letters of credit) 
 
 15. Such Warehouse Asset is in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
 
 16. Such Warehouse Asset is not a Deferrable Obligation, unless such Warehouse Asset has a minimum cash coupon of at least 2.50 and such coupon is payable at least quarterly 
 B- 3 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 17. With respect to each such Warehouse Asset acquired by the Borrower from the Equityholder under the Sale Agreement, by the date on which such Warehouse Asset is Granted under this Agreement and on each day thereafter, the Equityholder will have caused its master computer records relating to such Warehouse Asset to be clearly and unambiguously marked to show that such Warehouse Asset has been sold or contributed to the Borrower 
 
 18. The related Obligor on such Warehouse Asset is not an Affiliate of the Equityholder or the Warehouse Collateral Manager 
 
 19. If such Warehouse Asset is acquired by the Borrower from the Equityholder, such Warehouse Asset was acquired pursuant to the Sale Agreement and 
 
 20. The transfer, assignment and conveyance of such Warehouse Asset from the Equityholder to the Borrower or the Borrower to a Designated Subsidiary is not subject to and will not result in any fee or governmental charge (other than income taxes) payable by a Borrower Party or any other Person to any federal, state or local government. 
 
 CONCENTRATION LIMITS 
 
 The Borrower shall not acquire Warehouse Assets in excess of the limitations set forth below (the Concentration Limits unless consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing (or electronic mail) in its sole and absolute discretion 
 
 1. No more than 10.0 of the Outstanding Balance shall consist of First Lien Last Out Loans or Second Lien Loans in the aggregate 
 
 2. No more than 2.5 of the Maximum Limit will consist of Unsecured Loans 
 
 3. No more than 10.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of First Lien Last Out Loans, Second Lien Loans or Unsecured Loans in the aggregate 
 
 4. No more than 5.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of Senior Secured Bonds or Senior Secured Notes in the aggregate 
 
 5. No more than 2.5 of the Maximum Limit will consist of obligations bearing interest at a fixed rate 
 
 6. No more than 2.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of obligations of any one obligor (together with its Affiliates) provided that obligations of up to five obligors may each constitute up to 2.5 of the Maximum Limit 
 B- 4 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 7. No more than 10.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of obligations issued by obligors in any one industry determined by the GICS Industry Classification provided , that in 1 case, up to 12.0 of the Maximum Limit may consist of obligations issued by obligors in any one industry determined by the GICS Industry Classification and, in one additional case, up to 15.0 of the Maximum Limit may consist of obligations issued by obligors in any one industry determined by the GICS Industry Classification 
 
 8. (A) All of the Warehouse Assets must be issued by obligors Domiciled in Eligible Countries and (B) no more than 20.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of Warehouse Assets issued by obligors Domiciled in Eligible Countries other than the United States 
 
 9. No more than 5.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of Deferrable Obligations 
 
 10. No more than 5.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of DIP Loans and no more than 1.0 of the Maximum Limit will consist of DIP Loans issued by a single obligor 
 
 11. No more than 7.5 of the Outstanding Balance will consist of Delayed Drawdown Debt Obligations and Revolving Obligations and 
 
 12. No more than 5.0 of the Outstanding Balance may consist of CCC Assets and or Caa Assets. 
 
 Certain Defined Terms 
 The following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below Deferrable Obligation An obligation which, by the terms of its underlying 
 instruments, is permitted to pay in kind or defer interest payments. 
 
 DIP Loan A loan made to a debtor-in-possession pursuant to Section 364 of the United States bankruptcy code having the priority allowed by either Section 364(c) or 364(d) of the United States bankruptcy code and secured by senior liens. 
 
 Domicile With respect to any Warehouse Asset obligor, either (a) if it is organized in Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas, Guernsey, Jersey, the Isle of Man or the British Virgin Islands, the country in which a majority of its assets are located, directly or through subsidiaries, as determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager, (b) if its payment obligations in respect of such Warehouse Asset are guaranteed by a person or entity that is organized in the United States and such guarantee satisfies the Domicile Guarantee Criteria, then the United States or (c) otherwise, its country of incorporation or organization. 
 B- 5 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Domicile Guarantee Criteria The following criteria (i) the guarantee is one of payment and not of collection (ii) the guarantee provides that the guarantor agrees to pay the guaranteed obligations on the date due and waives demand, notice and marshaling of assets (iii) the guarantee provides that the guarantor s right to terminate or amend the guarantee is appropriately restricted (iv) the guarantee is unconditional, irrespective of value, genuineness, validity, or enforceability of the guaranteed obligations (v) the guarantee provides that the guarantor waives any other circumstance or condition that would normally release a guarantor from its obligations (vi) the guarantor also waives the right of set-off and counterclaim and (vii) the guarantee provides that it reinstates if any guaranteed payment made by the primary obligor is recaptured as a result of the primary obligor s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 
 Eligible Country Any of the United States, the United Kingdom, Bermuda, Canada, the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas, Guernsey, Jersey, the Isle of Man, Ireland, Luxembourg or the British Virgin Islands, or any other country requested by the Borrower and consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (which consent may be granted with respect to a country on an individual Warehouse Asset basis). 
 
 First Lien Last Out Loan Any secured loan that (a) is not (and cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation of the obligor of the loan (other than (i) with respect to trade claims, capitalized leases or similar obligations and (ii) subordination in right of payment solely to one or more Senior Secured Loans of the obligor of the loan that becomes effective solely upon the occurrence of a default or event of default by the obligor of the loan) (b) is secured by a valid perfected security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the obligor s obligations under the loan that, prior to the occurrence of a default or event of default by the obligor of the loan, is a first-priority security interest or lien and (c) the value of the collateral securing the loan together with other attributes of the obligor (including its general financial condition, ability to generate cash flow available for debt service and other demands for that cash flow) and of the loan is adequate (in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Warehouse Collateral Manager and assuming that there will be no occurrence of a default or event of default by the obligor of the loan) to repay the loan in accordance with its terms and to repay all other loans of equal seniority secured by a first lien or security interest in the same collateral. 
 
 GICS Industry Classification The global industry classification standard industries, as set forth in Schedule 2 hereto, including any modifications that may be made thereto or additional categories that may be subsequently established, in each case, with the written consent of the Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Administrative Agent in their respective sole discretion. 
 
 High Yield Bonds Below investment-grade corporate high-yield debt securities issued by obligors organized in Eligible Countries. 
 
 Loan A U.S. Dollar denominated bank loan on which the borrower is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust that is organized in an Eligible Country or is guaranteed by an entity organized in an Eligible Country. 
 B- 6 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Maximum Limit 1,000,000,000 or such higher amount determined by MS&Co. from time to time in its commercially reasonable discretion and notified to the Warehouse Collateral Manager and the Collateral Agent. 
 
 Second Lien Loan A secured loan (or participation interest therein) that (i) is not (and cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation of the obligor for borrowed money (other than with respect to liquidation, trade claims, capitalized leases or other similar obligations), but which may be subordinate in right of payment to another secured obligation of the obligor secured by all or a portion of the collateral securing such loan and (ii) as to which the primary collateral for such loan is secured by a valid second priority perfected security interest or lien provided , that, with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) above, such right of payment, security interest or lien may be subordinate to customary permitted liens, including but not limited to tax liens. 
 
 Senior Secured Bond Any bond that is secured by the pledge of collateral and has the most senior pre-petition priority (including pari passu with other obligations of the obligor, but subject to customary permitted liens, such as, but not limited to, any tax liens) in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings. 
 
 Senior Secured Loan A secured loan that (i) that is not (and cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation of the Obligor of the loan (other than with respect to trade claims, capitalized leases or similar obligations), (ii) that is secured by a valid first-priority perfected security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligor s obligations under the loan and (iii) the value of the collateral securing the loan together with other attributes of the obligor (including its general financial condition, ability to generate cash flow available for debt service and other demands for that cash flow) and of the loan is adequate (in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Warehouse Collateral Manager and assuming that there will be no occurrence of a default or event of default by the obligor of the loan) to repay the loan in accordance with its terms and to repay all other loans of equal seniority secured by a first lien or security interest in the same collateral. 
 
 Senior Secured Note Any note that is not (and cannot by its terms become, in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings or otherwise) subordinate (except with respect to liquidation preferences with respect to pledged collateral) in right of payment to any obligation of the obligor but subject to customary permitted liens, such as, but not limited to, any tax liens and is secured by a valid first-priority perfected pledge of collateral. 
 
 Structured Finance Security A non-recourse or limited recourse debt obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured solely by the assets thereof (including, without limitation, a mortgage backed security, an asset backed security, a collateralized bond obligation or a collateralized loan obligation (or any combination thereof)). 
 
 Synthetic Security Any derivative financial instrument with respect to a reference obligation entered into with a counterparty, whether in the form of a swap transaction, structured bond investment or otherwise. 
 B- 7 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Unsecured Loan A loan that is not secured by any lien or security interest on the assets of the obligor. 
 B- 8 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 EXHIBIT C 
 
 FORM OF FACILITY INCREASE REQUEST 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 1585 Broadway 
 New York, New York 10036 Attention CLO D 

esk 
 
 cc Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 201 South Main Street 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111-2215 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 1300 Thames Street Tha 

C- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 mes Street Wharf Baltimore, Maryland 21231 Attention C 

LO Team 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 161 Bay St. Brookfield Place 
 Toronto, On N5J 2S8 Canada 
 
 Morgan Stanle 

C- 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 y & Co. LLC 1585 Broadway 
 New York, New York 10036 Attent 

ion CLO Desk 
 email clowarehouseapprovals morganstanley.com 

C- 3 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

date 

C- 4 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor New York, New York 10154 Attention Angelina Perkovic Telephone (646) 525-5443 
 Email angelina.perkovic blackstone.com gsointralinks1 blackstone.com marc.sileo blacktone.com jana.douglas blackstone.com 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021 (as amended from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative agent, each of the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, 
 C- 5 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 and Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as equityholder. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 This facility increase request (this Facility Increase Request is executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.13 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower hereby requests an increase to clause (x) of the definition of Maximum Facility Amount in the amount of (the Facility Increase ), such Facility Increase to be effective on DATE (the Facility Increase Date ), which is prior to the Commitment Termination Date. On and after the Facility Increase Date, the amount in clause 
 (x) of the definition of Maximum Facility Amount shall be . 
 
 In connection with the Facility Increase, the Borrower hereby additionally requests an increase to the Maximum Limit in the amount of . On and after the Facility Increase Date, the Maximum Limit shall be . 
 
 In connection with the Facility Increase, the Borrower hereby additionally requests an increase to the Maximum Traded Portfolio Amount in the amount of . On and after the Facility Increase Date, the Maximum Traded Portfolio Amount shall be . 
 
 In connection with the Facility Increase, the Equityholder Commitment shall be increased to . 
 
 In connection with the Facility Increase requested herein, the Borrower hereby represents, warrants and certifies to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that 
 
 (a) On and as of the date of this Facility Increase Request, the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and in the other Credit Documents are true and correct on and as of the date of this Facility Increase Request, and will be true and correct immediately after the Facility Increase requested herein, with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date and 
 
 (b) No Event of Default, Default, LTV Ratio Event exists and is continuing on and as of the date hereof or will exist on the date of the Facility Increase requested herein. 
 
 In connection with the Facility Increase requested herein, the Commitment of each Lender shall be increased as set forth on Annex A . 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank Signature Page(s) Follow 
 C- 6 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Facility Increase Request as of the date first written above. 
 
 BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC, as 
 Borrower 

By Name 
 Title 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, 
 INC., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By Name 
 Title 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender 

By Name 
 Title 

LENDER , as Lender 

By Name 
 Title 
 C- 7 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Annex A 

Lender Commitments 
 
 Name of Lender Commitment Amount Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

Total 
 
 C- 8 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 SCHEDULE 1 
 
 RESERVED 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 SCHEDULE 2 
 
 GICS INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATIONS 
 
 Asset Type Code Asset Type Description 1020000 Energy Equipment & Services 1030000 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 
 1033403 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 2020000 Chemicals 
 2030000 Construction Materials 
 2040000 Containers & Packaging 
 2050000 Metals & Mining 
 2060000 Paper & Forest Products 
 3020000 Aerospace & Defense 
 3030000 Building Products 
 3040000 Construction & Engineering 3050000 Electrical Equipment 
 3060000 Industrial Conglomerates 
 3070000 Machinery 
 3080000 Trading Companies & Distributors 3110000 Commercial Services & Supplies 3210000 Air Freight & Logistics 
 3220000 Airlines 
 3230000 Marine 
 3240000 Road & Rail 
 3250000 Transportation Infrastructure 
 4011000 Auto Components 
 4020000 Automobiles 
 4110000 Household Durables 
 4120000 Leisure Products 
 4130000 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods 4210000 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 4310000 Media 
 4310001 Entertainment 
 4310002 Interactive Media and Services 4410000 Distributors 
 4420000 Internet and Direct Marketing Retail 4430000 Multiline Retail 
 4440000 Specialty Retail 
 5020000 Food & Staples Retailing 
 5110000 Beverages 
 5120000 Food Products 
 5130000 Tobacco 
 5210000 Household Products 
 Sch. 2- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 5220000 Personal Products 6020000 Healthcare Equipment & Supplies 6030000 Healthcare Providers & Services 6110000 Biotechnology 6120000 Pharmaceuticals 7011000 Banks 7020000 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance 7110000 Diversified Financial Services 7120000 Consumer Finance 7130000 Capital Markets 7210000 Insurance 7310000 Real Estate Management & Development 7311000 Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 8030000 IT Services 8040000 Software 8110000 Communications Equipment 8120000 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals 8130000 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components 8210000 Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment 9020000 Diversified Telecommunication Services 9030000 Wireless Telecommunication Services 9520000 Electric Utilities 9530000 Gas Utilities 9540000 Multi-Utilities 9550000 Water Utilities 9551701 Diversified Consumer Services 9551702 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 9551727 Life Sciences Tools & Services 9551729 Healthcare Technology 9612010 Professional Services 
 Sch. 2- 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 SCHEDULE 3 
 
 MOODY S RATING DEFINITIONS MOODY S DEFAULT PROBABILITY RATING 
 With respect to any Warehouse Asset (other than a DIP Loan), as of any date of determination, the rating determined in accordance with the following methodology 
 
 (a) if the obligor of such Warehouse Asset has a corporate family rating by 
 Moody s, then such corporate family rating (or, if the obligor itself does not have a corporate family rating by Moody s, the corporate family rating of any entity in the obligor s corporate family) 
 
 (b) if not determined pursuant to clause (a) above, if the obligor of such 
 Warehouse Asset has one or more senior unsecured obligations publicly rated by Moody s, then the Moody s public rating on any such obligation, as selected by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion 
 
 (c) if not determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, if the obligor of such 
 Warehouse Asset has one or more senior secured obligations publicly rated by Moody s, then the Moody s rating that is one subcategory below the Moody s public rating on any such obligation, as selected by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion 
 
 (d) if not determined pursuant to clause (a), (b) or (c) above, but a rating or 
 rating estimate has been assigned to such Warehouse Asset by Moody s upon the request of the Borrower or the Warehouse Collateral Manager, such rating or rating estimate and 
 
 (e) if not determined pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, the Moody s 
 Derived Rating 
 
 provided , that any Moody s Default Probability Rating determined on the basis of an estimated rating pursuant to clause (d) above that has not been renewed by Moody s on or before the 13-month anniversary of its issuance or prior renewal will be deemed to be (x) for a period of 60 days, one subcategory below the previous estimated rating and (y) thereafter, B3 , in each case pending receipt of such rating provided further , that the Moody s Default Probability Rating with respect to any DIP Loan will be the higher of (A) the rating assigned by clause (iii) of the definition of Moody s Derived Rating and (B) if such DIP Loan is newly issued and the Warehouse Collateral Manager expects a new Moody s Default Probability Rating within 90 days, the Moody s Default Probability Rating of such Warehouse Asset until such Moody s Default Probability Rating is obtained will be (1) for a period of up to 90 days after the acquisition of such Warehouse Asset, the Moody s Default Probability Rating as determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion if the Warehouse Collateral Manager certifies to the Administrative Agent that it believes that such Moody s Default Probability Rating determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager is commercially reasonable and will be at least equal to such rating and (2) thereafter, B3 . 
 Sch. 3- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 MOODY S RATING 
 
 With respect to any Warehouse Asset, as of any date of determination, the rating determined in accordance with the following methodology 
 
 (a) With respect to a Warehouse Asset that (A) is publicly rated by Moody s, 
 such public rating, or (B) is not publicly rated by Moody s but for which a rating or rating estimate has been assigned by Moody s upon the request of the Borrower or the Warehouse Collateral Manager, such rating or, in the case of a rating estimate, the applicable rating estimate for such obligation 
 
 (b) With respect to a Warehouse Asset that is a Moody s Senior Secured Loan 
 (if not determined pursuant to clause (a) above), if the obligor of such Warehouse Asset has a corporate family rating by Moody s, then the Moody s rating that is one subcategory higher than such corporate family rating 
 
 (c) With respect to a Warehouse Asset, if not determined pursuant to clause 
 Sch. 3- 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (a) or (b) above, 
 
 (i) 

if the obligor of such Warehouse Asset has one or more senior 

unsecured obligations publicly rated by Moody s, then the Moody s public rating on any such obligation (or, if such Warehouse Asset is a Moody s Senior Secured Loan, then the Moody s rating that is two subcategories higher than the Moody s public rating on any such senior unsecured obligation) as selected by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion and 
 
 (ii) if the obligor has one or more senior secured obligations publicly 
 rated by Moody s, then the Moody s public rating on any such obligation (or, if such Warehouse Asset is not a Moody s Senior Secured Loan, then the Moody s rating that is two subcategories lower than the Moody s public rating on any such senior secured obligation) as selected by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion 
 
 (d) With respect to a Warehouse Asset that is not a Moody s Senior Secured 
 Loan or a Participation Interest in a Moody s Senior Secured Loan, if not determined pursuant to clause (a), (b) or (c) above, if the obligor of such Warehouse Asset has a corporate family rating by Moody s, then the Moody s rating that is one subcategory lower than such corporate family rating 
 
 (e) With respect to a Warehouse Asset that is not a Moody s Senior Secured 
 Loan or a Participation Interest in a Moody s Senior Secured Loan, if not determined pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, if the obligor of such Warehouse Asset has one or more subordinated obligations publicly rated by Moody s, then the Moody s rating that is one subcategory higher than the public rating on any such obligation as selected by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion 
 Sch. 3- 3 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (f) With respect to a Warehouse Asset, if not determined pursuant to clause 
 (a) , (b), (c), (d) or (e) above, the Moody s Derived Rating and 
 
 (g) With respect to any Warehouse Asset that is a DIP Loan, if such Moody s 
 Rating has been withdrawn and a new Moody s Rating has not been issued, the Moody s Rating of such Warehouse Asset will be the Moody s Rating applicable to such Warehouse Asset prior to such withdrawal provided that if any such Warehouse Asset that is a DIP Loan is newly issued and the Warehouse Collateral Manager expects a Moody s credit rating within 90 days, the Moody s Rating of such Warehouse Asset until such credit rating is obtained from Moody s will be (1) for a period of up to 90 days after the acquisition of such Warehouse Asset, the Moody s Rating as determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion if the Warehouse Collateral Manager certifies to the Administrative Agent that it believes that such Moody s Rating determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager is commercially reasonable and will be at least equal to such rating and (2) thereafter, B3 
 
 provided that , for purposes of the determination of the Moody s Rating, if (1) the issuer or obligor of any Warehouse Asset was a debtor under Chapter 11, during which time such issuer, obligor or selling institution, as applicable, or any of its obligations (including any Warehouse Asset) either had an Moody s rating of D , LD or Ca or lower from Moody s or had an Moody s rating that was withdrawn by Moody s and (2) such issuer, obligor or selling institution, as applicable, is no longer a debtor under Chapter 11, then, notwithstanding the fact that such issuer, obligor or selling institution, as applicable, or any of its obligations (including any Warehouse Asset) continues to have an Moody s rating of D LD , or Ca or lower from Moody s (or, in the case of any withdrawal, continues to have no Moody s rating), the Moody s Rating for any such obligation (including any Warehouse Asset), issuer, obligor or selling institution, as applicable, shall be deemed to be B3 , so long as Moody s has not taken any rating action with respect thereto since the date on which the issuer, obligor or selling institution, as applicable, ceased to be a debtor under Chapter 11. 
 
 MOODY S DERIVED RATING 
 
 With respect to a Warehouse Asset whose Moody s Rating or Moody s Default Probability Rating cannot be determined pursuant to the respective definitions thereof, such Moody s Rating and Moody s Default Probability Rating will be determined as set forth below 
 
 (i) (A) if such Warehouse Asset is publicly rated by S 
 Sch. 3- 4 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

S&P Rating (Public and 

Warehouse Asset Rated 

Number of Subcategories Relative to Moody s Equivalent of 

Sch. 3- 5 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 Type of Warehouse Asset Monitored) by S&P 
 S&P Rating 
 Not Structured Finance BBB- Not a Loan or -1 
 Security Participation Interest in Loan Not Structured Finance BB+ Not a Loan or -2 
 Security Participation Interest in Loan Not Structured Finance Loan or Participation -2 
 Security Interest in Loan 
 
 (B) if such Warehouse Asset is not rated by S&P but another 
 security or obligation of the obligor has a public and monitored rating by S&P (a parallel security ), then the rating of such parallel security will at the election of the Warehouse Collateral Manager be determined in accordance with the table set forth in subclause (i)(A) above, and the Moody s Rating or Moody s Default Probability Rating of such Warehouse Asset will be determined by further adjusting the rating of such parallel security (for such purposes treating the parallel security as if it were rated by Moody s at the rating determined pursuant to this subclause (i)(B)) by the number of rating sub-categories according to the table below 
 
 Obligation Category of 
 Rated Obligation 

Number of Subcategories 
 Relative to Rated Obligation Rating 

Senior secured obligation -1 
 Unsecured obligation 0 
 Subordinated obligation +1 
 
 (C) if such Warehouse Asset is not rated by S&P but there is a 
 public issuer credit rating of the issuer of such Warehouse Asset by S&P as published by S&P, or the guarantor which unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees such Warehouse Asset, then such issuer credit rating will at the election of the Warehouse Collateral Manager be determined in accordance with subclause (i)(B) (for such purposes, treating such public issuer credit rating as if it were a rating of a parallel security) or 
 
 (D) if such Warehouse Asset is a DIP Loan, no Moody s Rating 
 or Moody s Default Probability Rating may be determined based on a rating by S&P or any other rating agency 
 Sch. 3- 6 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (ii) if such Warehouse Asset is not rated by Moody s or S&P and no 
 other security or obligation of the issuer of such Warehouse Asset is rated by Moody s or S&P, and if Moody s has been requested by the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager or the issuer of such Warehouse Asset to assign a rating or rating estimate with respect to such Warehouse Asset but such rating or rating estimate has not been received, pending receipt of such estimate, the Moody s Derived Rating for purposes of clause (d) of the definition of Moody s Rating and Moody s Default Probability Rating (as applicable) of such Warehouse Asset will be (1) B3 if the Warehouse Collateral Manager certifies to the Administrative Agent that the Warehouse Collateral Manager believes that such estimate will be at least B3 and if the Outstanding Balance of Warehouse Assets determined pursuant to this clause (ii) does not exceed 5 of the Outstanding Balance of all Warehouse Assets or (2) otherwise, Caa1 
 
 (iii) with respect to any DIP Loan, (x) the Moody s Default Probability 
 Rating of such Warehouse Asset will be the rating which is one subcategory below the facility rating (whether public or private) of such DIP Loan rated by Moody s and (y) the Moody s Rating of such Warehouse Asset will be the facility rating (whether public or private) of such DIP Loan rated by Moody s provided , however , if such facility rating has been withdrawn by Moody s and a new facility rating has not been issued by Moody s, the facility rating of such DIP Loan will be the facility rating from Moody s applicable to such DIP Loan prior to such withdrawal or 
 
 (iv) if not determined pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) above, B3. 
 
 MOODY S SENIOR SECURED LOAN 
 
 (a) A loan that 
 
 (i) is not (and cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of 
 payment to any other debt obligation of the obligor of the loan 
 
 (ii) is secured by a valid first priority perfected security interest or lien 
 that is not a first priority in, to or on specified collateral securing the obligor s obligations under the loan and 
 
 (iii) the value of the collateral securing the loan at the time of purchase 
 together with other attributes of the obligor (including, without limitation, its general financial condition, ability to generate cash flow available for debt service and other demands for that cash flow) is adequate (in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Warehouse Collateral Manager) to repay the loan in accordance with its terms and to repay all other loans of equal seniority secured by a first lien or security interest in the same collateral and 
 Sch. 3- 7 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (b) the loan is not 
 
 (i) a DIP Loan or 
 
 (ii) a loan for which the security interest or lien (or the validity or effectiveness thereof) in substantially all of its collateral attaches, becomes effective, or otherwise springs into existence after the origination thereof. 
 
 S&P RATING 
 
 S&P Rating With respect to any Warehouse Asset, as of any date of determination, the rating determined in accordance with the following methodology 
 
 (a) with respect to a Warehouse Asset that is not a DIP Loan (a) if there is an 
 issuer credit rating of the issuer of such Warehouse Asset by S&P as published by S&P, or the guarantor which unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees such Warehouse Asset pursuant to a form of guaranty that meets S&P s then-current guarantee criteria for use in connection with this transaction, then the S&P Rating will be such rating (regardless of whether there is a published rating by S&P on the Warehouse Asset s of such issuer held by the Borrower provided , that private ratings (that is, ratings provided at the request of the obligor) may be used for purposes of this definition) or (b) if there is no issuer credit rating of the issuer by S&P but (1) there is a senior secured rating on any obligation or security of the issuer, then the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset will be one sub-category below such rating (2) if clause (1) above does not apply, but there is a senior unsecured rating on any obligation or security of the issuer, the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset will equal such rating and (3) if neither clause (1) nor clause (2) above applies, but there is a subordinated rating on any obligation or security of the issuer, then the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset will be one sub-category above such rating 
 
 (b) with respect to any Warehouse Asset that is a DIP Loan, the S&P Rating 
 thereof will be the credit rating assigned to such issue by S&P, or if such DIP Loan was assigned a point-in-time rating by S&P that was withdrawn, such withdrawn rating may be used for 12 months after the assignment of such rating provided that if any such Warehouse Asset that is a DIP Loan is newly issued and the Warehouse Collateral Manager expects an S&P credit rating within 90 days, the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset until such credit rating is obtained from S&P will be (1) for a period of up to 90 days after the acquisition of such Warehouse Asset, the S&P Rating as determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion if the Warehouse Collateral Manager certifies to the Administrative Agent that it believes that such S&P Rating determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager is commercially reasonable and will be at least equal to such rating and (2) thereafter, CCC- 
 
 (c) reserved 
 Sch. 3- 8 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 (d) if there is not a rating by S&P on the issuer or on an obligation of the 
 issuer, then the S&P Rating may be determined pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) below 
 
 (i) if an obligation of the issuer is not a DIP Loan and is publicly rated 
 by Moody s, then the S&P Rating will be determined in accordance with the methodologies for establishing the Moody s Rating set forth above except that the S&P Rating of such obligation will be (1) one sub-category below the S&P equivalent of the Moody s Rating if such Moody s Rating is Baa3 or higher and 
 (2) two sub-categories below the S&P equivalent of the Moody s Rating if such Moody s Rating is Ba1 or lower 
 
 (ii) the S&P Rating may be based on a credit estimate provided by 
 S&P, and in connection therewith, the Borrower, the Warehouse Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower or the issuer of such Warehouse Asset shall, prior to or within 30 days after the acquisition of such Warehouse Asset, apply (and concurrently submit all available Information in respect of such application) to S&P for a credit estimate, which will be its S&P Rating provided , that, if such Information is submitted within such 30-day period, then, pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, such Warehouse Asset has an S&P Rating as determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager in its sole discretion if the Warehouse Collateral Manager certifies to the Administrative Agent that it believes that such S&P Rating determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager is commercially reasonable and will be at least equal to such rating provided , further , that if such Information is not submitted within such 30-day period, then, pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, the Warehouse Asset has (1) the S&P Rating as determined by the Warehouse Collateral Manager for a period of up to 90 days after the acquisition of such Warehouse Asset and (2) an S&P Rating of CCC- following such 90-day period unless, during such 90-day period, the Warehouse Collateral Manager has requested the extension of such period and S&P, in its sole discretion, has granted such request provided , further , that if such 90-day period (or other extended period) elapses pending S&P s decision with respect to such application, the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset will be CCC- provided , further , that if the Warehouse Asset has had a public rating by S&P that S&P has withdrawn or suspended within six months prior to the date of such application for a credit estimate in respect of such Warehouse Asset, the S&P Rating in respect thereof will be CCC- pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, and S&P may elect not to provide such estimate until a period of six months have elapsed after the withdrawal or suspension of the public rating provided , further , that the S&P Rating may not be determined pursuant to this clause (ii) if the Warehouse Asset is a DIP Loan provided , further , that such credit estimate will expire 12 months after the receipt thereof, following which such Warehouse Asset has an S&P Rating of CCC- unless, during such 12-month period following the receipt of such credit estimate, the Borrower applies for renewal thereof, in which case such credit estimate will continue to be the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset until S&P has confirmed or revised 
 Sch. 3- 9 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 such credit estimate, upon which such confirmed or revised credit estimate will be the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset provided , further , that such confirmed or revised credit estimate will expire on the next succeeding 12-month anniversary of the date of the receipt thereof and (when renewed annually) on each 12-month anniversary thereafter and 
 
 (iii) with respect to a Warehouse Asset that is not a Defaulted Asset, 
 the S&P Rating of such Warehouse Asset will at the election of the Borrower (at the direction of the Warehouse Collateral Manager) be CCC- provided , that (1) neither the issuer of such Warehouse Asset nor any of its Affiliates are subject to any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings, (2) the issuer has not defaulted on any payment obligation in respect of any debt security or other obligation of the issuer at any time within the two year period ending on such date of determination, (3) all such debt securities and other obligations of the issuer that are pari passu with or senior to the Warehouse Asset are current and the Warehouse Collateral Manager reasonably expects them to remain current and (4) all Information with respect to such Warehouse Asset has previously been provided to S or 
 
 (e) with respect to a DIP Loan that has no issue rating by S&P, the S&P 
 Rating of such DIP Loan will be, at the election of the Borrower (at the direction of the Warehouse Collateral Manager), CCC- or the S&P Rating determined pursuant to clause (d)(ii) above 
 
 provided , that for purposes of the determination of the S&P Rating, (x) if the applicable rating assigned by S&P to an obligor or its obligations is on credit watch positive by S&P, such rating will be treated as being one sub-category above such assigned rating and (y) if the applicable rating assigned by S&P to an obligor or its obligations is on credit watch negative by S&P, such rating will be treated as being one sub-category below such assigned rating provided further that, for purposes of the determination of the S&P Rating, if (1) the issuer of any Warehouse Asset was a debtor under Chapter 11, during which time such issuer or any of its obligations (including any Warehouse Asset) either had an S&P rating of SD or CC or lower from S&P or had an S&P rating that was withdrawn by S&P and (2) such issuer, obligor or selling institution, as applicable, is no longer a debtor under Chapter 11, then, notwithstanding the fact that such issuer or any of its obligations (including any Warehouse Asset) continues to have an S&P rating of SD or CC or lower from S&P (or, in the case of any withdrawal, continues to have no S&P rating), the S&P Rating for any such obligation (including any Warehouse Asset), issuer shall be deemed to be CCC- , so long as S&P has not taken any rating action with respect thereto since the date on which the issuer ceased to be a debtor under Chapter 11. 
 Sch. 3- 10 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 SCHEDULE 4 
 
 Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement 
 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 
 This Assignment and Assumption (this Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (the Assignor and Insert name of Assignee (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below the Assignor s obligation to make an Advance to be used to purchase the Warehouse Asset(s) specified in paragraph (6) below and the related rights to receive payments of principal, interest, fees and any other amounts in respect of such Advance and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 
 1. Assignor Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 
 2. Assignee 
 
 3. Borrower(s) BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 
 
 4. Administrative Agent Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 
 Sch. 4- 1 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 5. Credit Agreement The Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021, among BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent, Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as Equityholder, each of the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and 
 U.S. Bank Trus t Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent. 
 
 6. Assigned Interest 
 
 Facility Assigned 
 Aggregate Amount of Commitment for all Lenders 
 Amount of Commitment Assigned 
 Percentage of Commitment Assigned 1 
 Amount of Outstanding Advances Assigned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Advances Assigned 
 Revolvin 
 g Advances 

Or TO BE USED IN THE CASE OF AN AFFILIATE ASSIGNMENT ONLY 
 
 Amount of Advance Assigned Warehouse Asset to which Assigned Advance Relates 

7. Assignee is is not an MS Lender. 
 
 8. Effective Date , 20 
 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to 
 
 ASSIGNOR 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. 

By Title Authorized Signatory 

1 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment of all Lenders thereunder. 
 Sch. 4- 2 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

ASSIGNEE 

NAME OF ASSIGNEE 

By Title 
 Sch. 4- 3 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

Accepted 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 as Administrative Agent 

By Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Consented to 
 
 , 
 on behalf of 

By Title NOT REQUIRED IN THE CASE OF AN AFFILIATE ASSIGNMENT 
 Sch. 4- 4 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 
 BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC CREDIT AGREEMENT STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 1. Representations and Warranties. 
 
 1.1. Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Credit Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Credit Document. 
 
 1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an eligible assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, and (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Borrower shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of (x) the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to (y) the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 
 Sch. 4- 5 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 Sch. 4- 6 

Exhibit 10.15.2 

 ANNEX A 
 
 Lender Commitments 

Name of Lender 
 Amount of Lender Commitment 
 
 Lender Commitment 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 350,700,000 43.837500000 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 449,300,000 56.162500000 

Annex A-1 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 6
 bcred20221231-ex10153.htm
 EX-10.5.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15.3 

 EXECUTION VERSION 

THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this 
 Amendment ), dated as of December 16, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and between BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING INC., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as equityholder, the Administrative Agent, the designated subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent have previously entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021 (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented prior to the Amendment Date in accordance with the terms thereof, the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement to reflect a reduction in the Maximum Facility Amount, in accordance with Section 10.02 thereof and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 Amendments to Transaction Documents SECTION 2.1. As of the Amendment Date 
 (a) the definition of Maximum Facility Amount in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement shall be amended by deleting 800,000,000 and inserting 300,000,000 in lieu thereof and 
 
 (b) the Lender Commitments listed on Annex A of the Credit Agreement shall be amended by (i) deleting 350,700,000 and inserting 131,512,500 for Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and (ii) deleting 449,300,000 and inserting 168,487,500 for Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. 

Exhibit 10.15.3 

 ARTICLE III 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 3.1. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, as of the Amendment Date, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Collateral Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions Precedent 
 
 SECTION 4.1. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions 
 
 (a) its execution and delivery by each party hereto and 
 
 (b) the payment by the Borrower in immediately available funds of all fees (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent) to be received on the Amendment Date. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 5.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 
 
 SECTION 5.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 5.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall form a part of the Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 
 SECTION 5.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

Exhibit 10.15.3 

SECTION 5.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

Exhibit 10.15.3 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 BORROWER 

BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC 
 By Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as sole member 
 
 By s Marisa Beeney Name Marisa Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.3 

 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING INC. 

By s Prabu Soundararajan Name Prabu Soundararajan Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.3 

Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 7
 bcred20221231-ex10154.htm
 EX-10.5.4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15.4 

 EXECUTION VERSION 

THIS EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this 
 Amendment ), dated as of December 29, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and between BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC, as borrower (the Borrower ), MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING INC., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as lenders (each a Lender and together, the Lenders ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders, Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as equityholder, the Administrative Agent and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent have previously entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021 (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented prior to the Amendment Date in accordance with the terms thereof, the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement as set forth herein, in accordance with Section 10.02 thereof and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 Amendments to Credit Agreement 
 
 SECTION 2.1. As of the Amendment Date, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bol d an d double-underline d text as set forth on the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Appendix A hereto. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 3.1. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, as of the Amendment Date, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

 contained in the Collateral Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day (unless stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions Precedent 
 
 SECTION 4.1. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions 
 
 (a) its execution and delivery by each party hereto and 
 
 (b) the payment by the Borrower in immediately available funds of all fees (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent) to be received on the Amendment Date. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 5.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 
 
 SECTION 5.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 5.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall form a part of the Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 
 SECTION 5.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

contained in the Collateral Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions Precedent 
 
 SECTION 4.1. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions 
 
 (a) its execution and delivery by each party hereto and 
 
 (b) the payment by the Borrower in immediately available funds of all fees (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent) to be received on the Amendment Date. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 5.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 
 
 SECTION 5.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 5.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall form a part of the Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 
 SECTION 5.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 BORROWER 

BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC 
 By Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as its sole member 
 
 By s Marisa Beeney Name Marisa Beeney Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

LENDER 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. 

By s Rachel Russeii Name Rachel Russeii Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

LENDER 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE 

By s Kathryn Lagroix Name Kathryn Lagroix Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING INC. 
 By s Prabu Soundararai Name Prabu Soundararai Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

 Appendix A 

Appendix A 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

 EXECUTIO N VERSION 
 Conformed through Seventh Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated December 
 16 29 , 2022 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of January 28, 2021 among 
 BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 THE DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARIES FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 
 
 and 
 
 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

USActive 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS GENERAL TERMS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms. 2 
 Section 1.02. UCC Definitions. 27 Section 1.03. Terms Generally. 27 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP. 27 Section 1.05. Reserved. 27 
 Section 1.06. Reporting. 27 
 
 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 Section 2.01. Commitment. 30 
 Section 2.02. Advances and Borrowings. 31 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings Authorization of Purchases and Equity 
 Contributions. 31 Section 2.04. Funding of Borrowings. 33 Section 2.05. Termination of Commitment. 33 Section 2.06. Repayment of Obligations Evidence of Debt. 33 Section 2.07. Prepayment of Advances. 34 Section 2.08. Interest Unused Fee. 34 Section 2.09. Variation Margin Equity Contributions. 35 Section 2.10. Payments. 37 38 
 Section 2.11. Increased Costs Capital Adequacy. 38 Section 2.12. Taxes AML Compliance. 39 40 Section 2.13. Increase in the Maximum Facility Amount. 42 Section 2.14. Ratable Payments. 43 
 
 ARTICLE III WARRANTY BREACH ASSETS 
 Section 3.01. Repurchase or Substitution of Warranty Breach Assets. 43 44 

-i- 
 USActive 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. 44 
 Section 4.02. Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder. 48 49 
 
 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS 
 Section 5.01. Effective Date. 51 
 Section 5.02. Each Borrowing. 52 53 
 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 6.01. Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower. 53 54 
 Section 6.02. Affirmative Covenants of the Equityholder. 56 57 
 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 7.01. Indebtedness. 57 58 
 Section 7.02. Liens. 58 Section 7.03. Fundamental Changes. 58 Section 7.04. Purchase and Sale of Warehouse Assets. 58 Section 7.05. Separate Existence. 59 Section 7.06. Other Business. 60 Section 7.07. Restricted Junior Payments. 60 Section 7.08. Sale Agreement. 60 Section 7.09. ERISA Matters. 60 Section 7.10. Requirements for Material Action. 60 61 Section 7.11. No Transfer of Interests. 61 
 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 8.01. Events of Default. 61 
 Section 8.02. Remedies. 63 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

 -ii- 
 USActive 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

ARTICLE IX 
 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 
 Section 9.01. The Administrative Agent 64 65 Section 9.02. The Collateral Agent 66 67 Section 9.03. Return of Certain Payments 68 
 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 10.01. Notices. 69 
 Section 10.02. Waivers Amendments. 70 Section 10.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 70 71 Section 10.04. Binding Power of the Credit Documents Successors and Assigns. 72 Section 10.05. Survival. 75 Section 10.06. Counterparts Effectiveness. 75 Section 10.07. Severability. 75 Section 10.08. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process. 75 Section 10.09. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 76 
 Section 10.10. Headings. 76 Section 10.11. Limited Recourse No Petition. 76 Section 10.12. Confidentiality. 77 78 Section 10.13. Entire Agreement. 78 Section 10.14. Characterization of Conveyances Pursuant to each Sale Agreement. 78 

-iii- 
 USActive 55697678.10 

Exhibit 10.15.4 

 lesser of (x) 500,000,000 and (y) the then-current aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Equity Contributions multiplied by four (4). 
 
 (iv) If following the closing of a Permitted CLO, the Equity Contribution Amount is less than 10,000,000, the Equityholder hereby agrees, and shall be unconditionally obligated, to make Equity Contributions prior to the first date on which Warehouse Assets are settled following the closing date of such Permitted CLO, in an aggregate principal amount of at least the difference between (i) 10,000,000 and (ii) the Equity Contribution Amount. 
 
 (v) O n or a fte r D ecembe r 2 9 , 2 022 , at t h e d irectio n of t h e Equity holder , the Equity Contributions may be repaid by the Borrower with amounts on deposit in the Custodial Account provided that (A) such repayment may only occur once and (B) the amoun t o f suc h repay men t shal l no t excee d 140,000,000. 
 
 (c) Any Equity Contribution made pursuant to this Section 2.09 may be in the form of the contribution of Warehouse Assets by the Equityholder to the Borrower. The value of any such contribution shall be the Market Value. For the avoidance of doubt, any Warehouse Asset that is contributed by the Equityholder to the Borrower shall be subject to the terms of this Credit Agreement, including without limitation, the approval of the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.03 . 
 
 Section 2.10. Payments . 
 
 (a) Any and all payments made by the Borrower under the Credit Documents shall be made in U.S. dollars. Each party hereto agrees that the Available Amount and all such other amounts described in Article VI of the Security Agreement shall be applied in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in Article VI of the Security Agreement and otherwise in accordance with the Credit Documents. The Lenders, the Equityholder and the Administrative Agent hereby instruct the Collateral Agent to apply the Available Amount and all such other amounts described in Article VI of the Security Agreement in accordance with Article VI of the Security Agreement and otherwise in accordance with the Credit Documents. 
 
 Section 2.11. Increased Costs Capital Adequacy . 
 
 (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, assessment, fee, tax, insurance charge, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate, participant, successor or assign thereof (each of which shall be an Affected Party 
 
 (ii) impose on any Affected Party or the London interbank market (or any other market material to the calculation of the Benchmark in the relevant date of determination) any other condition, cost or expense (other than Excluded Taxes and 

-39- 
 USActive 55697678.10 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-14>
 8
 bcred-20221231xex14.htm
 EX-14

Document 
 EX 14 

 CODE OF ETHICS 
 Blackstone Secured Lending Fund and Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the Funds 
 (Employees of BXC or Blackstone and Independent Fund Trustees) 
 I. General Provisions 
 
 A. Individuals Covered 
 
 It is the policy of the Funds that all Access Persons, including Independent Fund Trustees, shall be subject to a written code of ethics meeting the requirements of Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act. All employees of BXC or Blackstone are subject to the provisions of other codes of ethics that have been adopted by the Funds Advisers and approved by the Funds Boards in accordance with the requirements of Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act. For the avoidance of doubt, employees of BXC and Blackstone remain subject to all BXC and Blackstone compliance manuals, codes of ethics and policies and procedures. Independent Fund Trustees are further subject to the provisions attached to this Code of Ethics as Attachment 1, which Attachment 1 constitutes a part of this Code of Ethics. 
 B. Securities Transactions Restrictions 
 
 1. Pre-clearance Requirements for Employees and Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees) 
 
 All purchases and sales of Securities (including sales in repurchase offers) issued by the Funds by employees of BXC or Blackstone, including Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees), must be cleared through BXC s private investment request system by submitting a request through the Private Investment Request tab of the Blackstone intranet and providing the amount of Securities of the Fund to be purchased or sold. Pre-clearance may be denied following the consideration of a number of factors, including, for example, whether the trade creates the appearance of trading with the possession of material nonpublic information. Pre-clearance will be evidenced by an email from the CCO or her designee. Following receipt of the pre-clearance email, such employees or Access Persons are to make the investment via Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. by completing the appropriate subscription documents. Trades in BXSL are subject to blackout periods before and after quarterly board meetings. Trading will not be permitted during the 14 business days leading up to quarterly board meetings and 3 business days following the filing of BXSL s Form 10Q. Trades will also be prohibited during any other time periods during which BXC holds MNPI including periods before and after ad hoc and other-than-quarterly board meetings until such MNPI is cleansed (e.g., through an 8-K filing). Blackout periods are listed on the Blackstone intranet. These blackout periods apply irrespective of any MNPI analysis. Employees subject to lock-up agreements pursuant to the underwriting agreement executed in connection with the BXSL initial public offering are subject to the same lock-up restrictions on any new shares of BXSL purchased. Employees will be subject to a 60-day holding period, and BXC employees will be subject to a 6-month holding period. In addition, BXC Employees will be permitted to trade in the securities of BXSL only during a one-week open window period per month. The open window is for administrative convenience and does not mean that there is MNPI during the three weeks of the month during which the window is closed. The open window periods are listed on the Blackstone Intranet. No shorting, options or hedging or derivatives on Securities issued by the Funds will be approved for any reason. 
 
 All trading of Securities issued by BXSL purchased or sold by an employee of BXC or Blackstone, including Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees), must be submitted through the Personal Trade Request tab of the Blackstone intranet and once approved, will be transacted through an account opened with Merrill Lynch. All trading of Securities issued by BCRED purchased or sold by an employee of BXC or Blackstone, including Access Persons (other than Independent Fund Trustees), must be submitted through the Personal Trade Request tab of the Blackstone intranet and once approved, the employee must send completed subscription documents to bcred blackstone.com . MNPI analysis is conducted the day prior to the subscription (or redemption) documents being due. Once the clearance period ends, the request is approved subject to confirmation of no MNPI. 
 2. Pre-clearance Requirements for Independent Fund Trustees 
 All purchases and sales of Securities (including sales in repurchase offers) issued by the Funds by Independent Fund Trustees must be cleared through BXC s private investment request system by submitting a request to the CCO or her designee to bxclistedandricstradeclearances blackstone.com and providing the amount of Securities of the Fund to be purchased or sold. Pre-clearance may be denied following the consideration of a number of factors including, 
 APL-1 

for example, whether the trade creates the appearance of trading with the possession of material non-public information. 
 Independent Fund Trustees shall not purchase Securities issued by the Adviser, any principal underwriter of the Funds, 1 or any of their control persons, including, in the case of the Adviser, Blackstone. 
 
 3. Reports of Purchases and Holding and Trading Periods 
 Reports of the purchases and sales of Securities issued by the Funds will be used to file any required reports of beneficial ownership in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 Purchases of Securities issued by the Funds by Access Persons will be subject to holding periods of (i) six (6) months from the date of purchase or (ii) such shorter or longer periods as the CCO may deem appropriate. 
 After consideration of the circumstances surrounding a trade request, the CCO or her designee may determine to grant pre-clearance for purchases and sales of Securities (including sales in repurchase offers) issued by the Funds by any Access Person any time. 
 
 The CCO or her designee will ensure that Access Persons comply with the provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to which Access Persons may not profit from any purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) of Securities issued by the Funds within a period of less than six (6) months. 
 
 II. Compliance with the Code 
 
 A. Investigating Violations of the Code 
 
 The CCO is responsible for investigating any suspected violation of the Code by an Access Person and shall report the results of each investigation to the applicable Fund Board, provided that such Fund Board may determine to appoint counsel to investigate any matter at such Fund s expense and report to the CCO regarding such matter. The Fund Board is responsible for reviewing the results of any investigation of any reported or suspected violation of the Code by an Access Person. Any violation of the Code by an Access Person of a Fund will be reported to such Fund s Board by the CCO not later than the next quarterly meeting after the violation occurs. Employees of BXC and Blackstone are expected to read and comply with the Code as part of their employment. 
 B. Remedies 
 
 1. Sanctions If the applicable Fund Board determines that an Access Person has committed a violation of the Code, the Fund Board may impose such sanctions and take such other actions as it deems appropriate, including, among other things, a verbal warning, a letter of caution or warning, fine, termination of employment, suspension, civil referral to the Securities and Exchange Commission or criminal referral. The applicable Fund Board may also require the Access Person to reverse the transaction in question and forfeit any profit or absorb any loss associated or derived as a result of such reversal. The amount of profit shall be calculated by the applicable Fund Board. The Access Person shall not participate in the applicable Fund Board s determination of any remedies to be imposed in connection with his or her violation of the Code. 

1 BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. have acted as book running managers for Blackstone Secured Lending Fund and may be considered principal underwriters of such Fund. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, UBS Securities, Inc., Standard Chartered Securities North America LLC, Julius Baer Securities Inc., The Bank of Singapore, iCapital Securities, LLC, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., LPL Financial LLC, Rockefeller Financial LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities have been or are expected to be engaged as placement agents or book running managers for Blackstone Private Credit Fund and may be considered principal underwriters of such Fund. Any purchases or sales of Securities issued by such placement agents or book running managers (or future placement engagements or book running managers) or any of their control persons should be cleared through BXC s personal trading request system in accordance with this Code of Ethics. 
 APL-2 

2. Sole Authority The applicable Fund Board has sole authority to determine the remedy for any violation of the Code by an Access Person, including appropriate disposition of any monies forfeited pursuant to this provision, but may request a recommendation on such matters from the CCO or Chief Legal Officer of the Funds and is entitled to reasonably rely on such recommendation. 
 
 C. Amendments 
 Any material amendment of the Code (including of Attachment 1) shall be submitted to the applicable Fund Board for approval in accordance with Rule 17j-1 of the Investment Company Act. Any material amendment of the Code shall become effective only when the applicable Fund Board has approved the amendment in accordance with Rule 17j-1 or at such earlier date as may be required to comply with applicable law or regulation. 
 III. Definitions 
 
 When used in the Code, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 Access Person means any individual that should be treated as an access person to a Fund, as such term is defined in Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act, and includes, without limitation, trustees (including Independent Fund Trustees), officers or general partners of such Fund, the Adviser or any company controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Fund or the Adviser, who in connection with his her regular functions or duties, makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of securities by such Fund, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendations with respect to such purchases or sales. 
 Blackstone means Blackstone Inc. and any other company controlling, controlled by or under common control with BXC. 
 BXC means Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP or any of its affiliates within the credit-focused business unit of Blackstone Inc. 
 CCO means the Chief Compliance Officer of the Funds. 
 Code means this Code of Ethics, as amended. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Fund Adviser means Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC. 
 Fund Board means the Board of Trustees of the applicable Fund. 
 Independent Fund Trustee means a trustee of a Fund who is not an interested person of such Fund, the applicable Fund Adviser or the principal underwriter of such Fund as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 APL-3 

Attachment 1 
 I. Personal Securities Transactions 
 
 In connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by an Independent Fund Trustee of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the applicable Fund, Independent Fund Trustees are prohibited from 
 1. employing any device, scheme or artifice to defraud such Fund 
 
 2. making any untrue statement of a material fact to such Fund or omitting to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made to such Fund, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading 
 
 3. engaging in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit on such Fund or 
 
 4. engaging in any manipulative practice with respect to such Fund. 
 
 II. Reporting Requirements 
 
 A. Initial and Annual Acknowledgement 
 
 Within ten (10) days of being designated an Independent Fund Trustee, and thereafter on an annual basis, each Independent Fund Trustee must execute the Acknowledgement of Receipt of the Funds Code of Ethics attached hereto as Appendix A, including the acknowledgement that he or she has read the Code of Ethics and understands that it applies to him or her. 
 Pursuant to Rule 17j-1(d)(2)(ii) under the Investment Company Act, Independent Fund Trustees are not required to provide an initial holdings report or a quarterly transaction report required by Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act. 
 B. Transactions in Reportable Securities 
 
 1. Transaction Reporting Requirements . No later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Independent Fund Trustee must report to the CCO any Securities Transaction executed during such calendar quarter in a Reportable Security (or Equivalent Security) in which such Independent Fund Trustee had a Beneficial Interest if the Independent Fund Trustee knew, or in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her duty as an Independent Fund Trustee of the applicable Fund should have known, that during the 15-day period immediately before or after the date of such Securities Transaction, (i) the applicable Fund purchased or sold such Reportable Security, or (ii) the applicable Fund or Fund Adviser considered purchasing or selling such Reportable Security. 
 Note For purposes of these reporting requirements, Securities Transaction includes transactions in futures and options on futures. 
 2. Disclaimers . Any report of a Securities Transaction pursuant to this Section II.B for the benefit of a person other than the Independent Fund Trustee may contain a statement that the report should not be construed as an admission by the Independent Fund Trustee that he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Interest in the Security to which the report relates. 
 
 3. Confidentiality . All information supplied by an Independent Fund Trustee pursuant to the Code shall be kept in strict confidence, except that such information may be made available to the Fund Board and the CCO. Such information may also be made available to the Securities and Exchange Commission or such other regulatory authority, to the extent required by law, regulation or this Code. 
 
 III. Definitions 
 
 When used in this Attachment 1, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 A. Terms Defining the Scope of a Beneficial Interest 
 
 APL-AT1-1 

Beneficial Interest means the opportunity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, to profit, or share in any profit derived from, a transaction in the subject Securities. 
 An Independent Fund Trustee is deemed to have a Beneficial Interest in the following 
 1. any Security owned individually by the Independent Fund Trustee 
 
 2. any Security owned jointly by the Independent Fund Trustee with others (for example, joint accounts, spousal accounts, partnerships, trusts and controlling interests in corporations) and 
 
 3. any Security in which a member of the Independent Fund Trustee s Immediate Family has a Beneficial Interest if 
 
 (a) the Security is held in an account over which the Independent Fund Trustee has decision making authority (for example, the Independent Fund Trustee acts as trustee, executor, or guardian) or 
 
 (b) the Security is held in an account for which the Independent Fund Trustee acts as a broker or investment adviser representative. 
 
 An Independent Fund Trustee is presumed to have a Beneficial Interest in the following 
 
 1. any Security in which a member of the Independent Fund Trustee s Immediate Family has a Beneficial Interest if the Immediate Family member resides in the same household as the Independent Fund Trustee. This presumption may be rebutted if the Independent Fund Trustee provides the CCO with satisfactory assurances that the Independent Fund Trustee does not have an ownership interest, individual or joint, in the Security and exercises no influence or control over investment decisions made regarding the Security. The presumption will not be deemed rebutted unless and until the CCO approves the petition in writing. 
 
 Any uncertainty as to whether an Independent Fund Trustee has a Beneficial Interest in a Security should be brought to the attention of the CCO for resolution. An Independent Fund Trustee may appeal any such resolution to the full Board, the decision of which shall be final. Such questions will be resolved in accordance with, and this definition shall be interpreted in accordance with, the definition of beneficial owner found in Rules 16a-1(a) (2) and (5) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Immediate Family of an Independent Fund Trustee means any of the following persons 
 
 child grandparent son-in-law 
 stepchild spouse daughter-in-law grandchild sibling brother-in-law parent mother-in-law sister-in-law stepparent father-in-law 
 Immediate Family includes adoptive relationships and other relationships (whether or not recognized by law) that the CCO determines could lead to the possible conflicts of interest, diversions of corporate opportunity, or appearances of impropriety which this Code is intended to prevent. 
 B. Terms Defining the Scope of a Reportable Securities Transaction 
 
 Reportable Security means any Security other than (1) direct obligations of the Government of the United States (2) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high-quality, short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements and (3) shares issued by open-end funds (other than exchange-traded funds). 
 APL-AT1-2 

Securities Transaction means a purchase or sale of a Reportable Security in which an Independent Fund Trustee acquires or has a Beneficial Interest. 
 Security includes stock, notes, bonds, debentures, and other evidences of indebtedness (including loan participations and assignments), limited partnership interests, investment contracts, closed-end investment companies, and all derivative instruments of the foregoing, such as options and warrants. Security does not include futures or options on futures, but the purchase and sale of such instruments are nevertheless subject to the reporting requirements of the Code. 
 Security Held or to be Acquired by the Fund means (A) any Reportable Security which, within the most recent 15 days, (i) is or has been held by the applicable Fund, or (ii) is being or has been considered by the applicable Fund or the applicable Fund Adviser for purchase by the applicable Fund, or (B) any option to purchase or sell, and any Security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Reportable Security described above in clause (A) of this definition. 

APL-AT1-3 

Appendix A 
 
 Acknowledgement of Receipt of the Fund Code of Ethics 
 I acknowledge that I have received the ________ Code of Ethics, dated ________ (the Code ), and represent that 
 1. I have read the Code and I understand that it applies to me and to all Securities in which I have or acquire any Beneficial Interest. I have read the definition of Beneficial Interest and understand that I may be deemed to have a Beneficial Interest in Securities owned by members of my Immediate Family and that Securities Transactions affected by members of my Immediate Family may therefore be subject to the Code. 
 
 2. I will report all Securities Transactions required to be reported under Section II of Attachment 1 of the Code in which I have or acquire a Beneficial Interest. 
 
 3. I will comply with applicable provisions of the Code in all respects. 

Trustee s Signature 
 Name (Print) 
 Date 

APL-AT1-4 

</EX-14>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 bcred-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 Name Jurisdiction BCRED MAROON PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED CASTLE PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED MIDDLE PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED SUMMIT PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED BARD PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED GRANITE PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED DENALI PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED BUSHNELL PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED BISON PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED BLANCA PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED WINDOM PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED INVESTMENTS LLC DELAWARE BCRED TWIN PEAKS LLC DELAWARE BCRED BEAR PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED BORAH PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED GANNETT PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED HAYDON PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED JACQUE PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED MONARCH PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED MERIDIAN PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED NAOMI PEAK FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED BSL WH 2022-1 FUNDING LLC DELAWARE BCRED X HOLDINGS LLC DELAWARE 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 bcred-12312022xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brad Marshall, Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone Private Credit Fund, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 17, 2023 
 By s Brad Marshall Brad Marshall Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 bcred-12312022xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kevin Kresge, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Blackstone Private Credit Fund, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 17, 2023 
 By s Kevin Kresge Kevin Kresge Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 bcred-12312022xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 17, 2023 
 By s Brad Marshall Brad Marshall Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 bcred-12312022xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 17, 2023 
 By s Kevin Kresge Kevin Kresge Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 bcred-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 bcred-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 bcred-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 bcred-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 bcred-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

